SAM Broadcaster is your all-in-one solution to start your own online radio station – stream your music, voice or live event to the entire world. SAM Broadcaster takes care of all the major aspects of running a successful internet radio station.
Sound professional with advanced audio features like cross-fade detection, gap killer, volume normalization and 5-band compressor and limiter. 
Stream your audio to the world in multiple formats to major server types – all at the same time – to ensure you reach the widest audience.
Audio formats includes AAC, aacPlus, AAC-HE, MP3, mp3PRO, Ogg and Windows Media.
Supported streaming servers include CheapestStream.com, SpacialNet.com, Shoutcast v1, Shoutcast v2, Icecast, Windows Media.
Web integration – web templates will help you get your first radio station website online quickly. Keep your listeners engaged with advanced features like showing to your visitors what is currently playing or allow them to browse your music library and make instant requests that could be automatically played by your SAM Broadcaster. Make some easy money with links that allow your visitors to buy music and earn commission.
Media Library – organizes large music libraries quickly into multiple categories, import information from tags as well as automatically look up track information via Amazon.com.
Automation allows your radio station to run 24/7, even if you are not there to manage it. Set up advanced playlist rotation rules so SAM Broadcaster can automatically pick what tracks to play next. Use the Event Scheduler to program events to trigger at certain times of the day. Power users can take complete control with PAL scripting that allows complete automation.
Listener statistics allows you to see in real-time how your audience is growing. This data is also logged for performance reporting and the SAM Reporter utility can provide useful reports on your station playback history.
Running a radio station is lots of fun – sharing your passion for music or spreading your important message is a very rewarding hobby for many. You can even go fully professional and turn your radio station into a money-making business that generates revenue from music sales, advertising, merchandising and even donations.
