ΓÇ£Nameless GangsterΓÇ¥ depicts the clashes in the Busan underworld when the government declares its war against crime. Former public officer, Choi Ik-Hyun (Choi Min-Sik) and crime boss Choi Hyung-Bae (Ha Jung-Woo) sit in the center of the maelstrom that sweeps the city.

In 1982, Choi Ik-Hyun works as a customs officer at the Busan Port. Choi Ik-Hyun and 3 other officers takes bribes, which leads to an internal investigation. The head customs officer has dinner with the 4 men under investigation and asks them point blank for one person to become the fall guy. Choi Ik-Hyun is chosen as the fall guy by virtue of having the least amount of dependents in his family.

A few nights later, Choi Ik-Hyun works the nightshift at the Busan Port. He spots two men breaking into a warehouse through the CCTV system. When Choi Ik-Hyun confronts the two men, a physical struggle ensues with the two men eventually fleeing the crime scene. After the two men escape, Choi Ik-Hyun and a colleague go into the warehouse to investigate. They discover massive amounts of heroin packed inside of containers. Choi Ik-Hyun then offers to his colleague that if they sell the heroin, Choi Ik-Hyun will retire from the department and become the fall guy for the bribe taking investigation. Meanwhile, his colleague knows crime boss Choi Hyung-Bae. The colleague tells Choi Ik-Hyun that Choi Hyung-Bae has connections with the Japanese yakuza and can become the facilitator to sell the heroin.

The three men then have a meeting at a remote house. Choi Ik-Hyun notices that crime boss Choi Hyung-Bae shares the same family name. The men discuss their respective cuts from the distribution of the heroin. After the deal is agreed upon by all sides, Choi Ik-Hyun informs crime boss Choi Hyung-Bae that they are distant relatives and he knows his father. Due, to the informal manner in which Choi Ik-Hyun addresses crime boss Choi Hyung-Bae, Choi Hyung-BaeΓÇÖs henchman beats Choi Ik-Hyun savagely. They are partners, but Choi Ik-Hyun isnΓÇÖt held with high regard yet.

The next day, crime boss Choi Hyung-Bae goes to see his father at his home and finds his father drinking with Choi Ik-Hyun. His father introduces Choi Ik-Hyun to his son and tells his son to bow down to his distant uncle. The two men then begin their partnership in earnest. Choi Ik-Hyun, with his uncanny ability to gain favors from those around him, and crime boss Choi Hyung-Bae, with his physical prowess as the head of a feared criminal organization, are set to take over the Busan underworld, but will it last?