                                    By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android OS 1.6 +
Overview: 1-Tap to clean all cached files for getting more avalable space


Are you running out of application storage?
You now can get more available storage space by clearing apps created cache/data files.

Auto or 1-tap to clear all app created cached files and the best is you don't have to ROOT the phone anymore! This app is crucial to anyone who has memory management issues.
★ auto clear all cached files at a specified interval
★ 1-tap to clear all cached files
★ clear cache for a specified application
★ notify you on startup if apps used cache size large than 500K bytes
★ list applications by either cache, data, code, total size or app name
★ view application on Market
★ uninstall application
★ open application
★ show application details page

Same functionalities as "1Tap Cache Cleaner Free" app, but Ad removed.
To clear all cached files, please tap "Clear all cached files" button from the main window, or tap MENU > Clear all cached files.

Tap the application item from the main window, you can clear the cache or data files for a specific app. Long-press the application item will show you more options.

By default, the main window sorts installed applications by used cache size. To sort the list by app name, please tap MENU > Sort by name. You can also sort the list by data, code or total size by changing MENU > Settings > Sort by size option.
The "Clear all cache" function may not work for all Android devices. Please send me the phone model, Android OS version information if it does not work on your device.

Users report the following devices do not support the "Clear all cache" function:
* HTC Thunderbolt

What's in this version:
v1.56
★ Greek localization
★ Polish localization
v1.55
★ German localization
★ Italian localization
★ Slovak localization



                                    By bobiras2009	