nERv

Dishonored Update 2 and Dunwall City Trials (c) Bethesda Softworks

12/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action, Adventure

Enter the world of the Outsider in Dishonored: Dunwall City Trials, the
first add-on pack for the critically-acclaimed first-person action game by
Arkane Studios. Your combat, stealth and mobility skills will be put to the
test as you make your way through 10 distinct maps that feature a variety of
challenges. Creatively combine your supernatural abilities, weapons and
gadgets to eliminate as many targets as possible, fight off waves of
tallboys, guards, weepers and thugs, or take out targets in a non-stop run
of drop assassinations. Dunwall City Trials also features a new set of
achievements and trophies as well as a global online leaderboard.
Key Features:
* Ten Unique Challenges
* Experience Dishonored's flexible combat system, stealth gameplay, and
distinct settings in a whole new way as you make your way through timed
and scored challenges in Dunwall City Trials. Put your assassination
skills to the test as you combine your supernatural powers and gadgets to
eliminate your enemies and collect clues to identify and dispatch your
target. Try your hand in non-lethal challenges as you shoot down whale oil
tanks raining from the sky or infiltrate a mansion to collect the loot
unseen by your foes.
* Global Online Leaderboard
* Your high scores and rank for each trial will be recorded and displayed
in a global online leaderboard. Every point and every second counts when
going up against the best of the best.
* New Achievements and Unlockable Gallery
* In addition to a brand new set of achievements and trophies, an image
gallery filled with original concept art and other surprises can be
unlocked as you complete each trial and meet each of its various
objectives.

1. Unrar and copy files into your <install> dir, overwriting existing files.
2. Play the game.
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!