Video to Picture Image Converter

Video to Picture Image Converter converts video to picture or image sequence frame-by-frame. The software supports 80 video formats including 3GP, 3GP2, ASF, DAT, DivX, DVR-MS, EVO, FLV, H.263, H.264, M4V, MKV, MOV, MP4, MPG, OGV, RM, VOB, WebM, WMV, Xvid, and so on. The software saves picture files as BMP, JPG/JPEG, PCX, PGM, PNG, PPM, SGI, TGA, and TIFF image formats.

With the converter, you could set frame rate that controls how many picture frames to be converted per second. You can also set output picture resolution to same as original video or any other width and height. The software offers other useful features including rotate picture by 90 degrees clockwise or counterclockwise, flip picture horizontally or vertically, crop pictures, and deinterlace pictures, and so on. And, you can specify conversion beginning and end point instead of the entire video.

Once you get the frame-by-frame picture/image frame from video clips, you could choose the best picture/image for editing, emailing, printing out, or putting on blog or websites.

The Video to Picture Image Converter not only extracts picture or image from video clips, but also convert video to different video formats, portable devices (iPhone, iPad, Android, BlackBerry, etc.), and audio formats (MP3, AAC, AIFF, FLAC, M4A, OGG Vorbis, WAV, WMA, etc.)

Video to Picture Image Converter is very easy to use. It supports batch conversion. You can convert a lot of files in a few clicks. And, it is full compatible with both 32 bit and 64 bit editions Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 8

Video to Picture Image Converter Key Features

Support 80 video formats
Save picture file as BMP, JPG/JPEG, PCX, PGM, PNG, PPM, SGI, TGA, and TIFF formats
Support to change frame rate
Output same resolution picture as original video
Support to customize output picture resolution
Rotate picture by 90 degrees clockwise or counterclockwise
flip picture horizontally or vertically
Crop pictures
Deinterlace pictures
Support to convert a part of video instead of the entire video clips
batch conversion
Compatible with Windows 7 and Vista

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.hootech.com/video-to-picture-image-converter/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
