POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons - 18th Annual Int UFO Congress - 2009


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons - Vol 18

POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh. I am told that there are 11 different dimensions needed for The Creator to do his thing. Passing from one Dimension to the other is a mere thought for the Holy Ones. What that means is, they can move around the Universe as fast as they can think about it. This is what Faith is about. Believing something with all your Heart and Soul without having a shred of Four Dimensional evidence. (Evidence as we know of within this reality) There is another form of Evidence out there that secular man cannot understand or measure. It comes from outside this cursed dimension that us Pilgrims are stranded on or in. The real world, the eternal HOLY Spirit World, the world along side the Father, Son and Holy Spirit is The Real Reality that I seek. THERE IS NO WAY FOR ME TO ATTAIN THAT!!! I am a Journeyman Sinner and my salvation is only possible through My Repentance of Sin AND the Grace, the Mercy and The Spilled Blood of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. PEACE TO ALL. Time is Short brethren, save as many as you can. The time of "NO SECOND CHANCE" draws near for ALL EARTH DWELLERS.  

Description:

Latest UFO Sightings Close Encounters in Mexico:
Jaime Maussan and Santiago Yturria Garza Present Recent World Video Evidence
Manufacturer: IUFOC
SKU: 594  
Conference Year: 2009
Program Length: 90 Minutes
Media Type: DVD->DivX
 
http://www.ufocongressstore.com/servlet/the-826/Jaime-Maussan-and-Santiago/Detail

Jaime Maussan will present the most amazing video to date! See footage never shown before from all over the world, not just Mexico. This presentation will shock and amaze even the biggest skeptics out there. México is the only country in the world with a television program dedicated to news concerning the ET phenomenon.

A team of more than 20 investigators regularly travels around México and the planet to investigate the evidence and reports. The videos, photographs and testimonies presented regularly to the Mexican audience, have produced a new awareness of the reality that the world is entering. Jaime Maussan well-known investigative journalist from México, will present the evidence from the only organized team of professionals, dedicated solely to finding the truth about a presence that is not accepted by science or world governments as REAL!

Jaime Maussan is an award-winning television producer, writer, presenter and internationally recognized Ufologist. He has lectured worldwide and continues
his 40 year legacy of excellence in reporting and investigating UFO sightings and ET contact in Mexico and abroad.

