Poster Designer

Software for quick and easy design and printing of posters, banners and signs. Collection of 300+ ready-to-use poster templates is included. Design a fine poster yourself!

what is poster designer?
RonyaSoft Poster Designer is a software program for quick and easy design and printing of attractive custom posters, banners and signs. The software is shipped with a collection of ready-to-use poster templates. Alternatively, you can create posters from scratch or design your own poster templates for further use. Posters and banners may be printed directly on a home or office printer, exported to an image files to be printed by a print service provider, or used in the Internet (myspace, livejournal, flickr, etc.). Use an extra add-on (RonyaSoft Poster Printer) to print posters, banners and signs in big-size multipage format.

You don't need to be a desktop publishing expert to create your own beautiful posters and banners. A convenient user-friendly interface allows to design posters even for computer beginners and makes work with Poster Designer a real pleasure. Customize each detail in predesigned templates the way you like it. For example, making a motivational poster, you can insert an inspirational image and text and use it as a daily motivator. Or, creating an old western "Wanted" poster, you can specify the criminal's photo, name and the reward ΓÇô an excellent idea for a funny joke on your friend who you haven't seen for ages or a colleague who is always late for business meetings. What is more, you can design other pieces of graphics with help of this poster maker software, e.g. business cards, greeting cards, invitations.

It doesn't matter whether you are going to create a funny poster or to make a banner for a significant event or to design a sign to sell real estate ΓÇô Poster Designer will help you to do it in a few minutes. Impress your family, friends or officemates with your fresh, cool ideas ΓÇô make your own brilliant posters!

Features

WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) object editor
Object rotation and transparency support
Poster projects support
Print Master with layout customizing
Export to images
Multipage printing
Built-in ready-to-use predesigned poster templates
Built-in clipart library
Multilingual interface with Unicode support
Amazing skins
Metric and Imperial measurements (mm, cm, inch)

Environment

Windows 2000, Windows XP (32 & 64), Windows Vista (32 & 64), Windows 7 (32 & 64).

Requirements

Pentium III 1500, 256 Mb RAM, 50 Mb hard space, regular printer or plotter (US Letter; DIN A4, A3, A2, A1 or A0 paper format).

Homepage: http://www.ronyasoft.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.