Follow my uploads here:                      
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                       
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: Android 2.1+
Overview: Find out why gym goers are switching over to Fitness Buddy! With 1700+ unique exercises at your disposal, Fitness Buddy will revolutionize your training regimen. With this app, you will find the workout tracking process simple and easy in order to sustain your motivation and enforce your commitment to your fitness goals.

Find out why gym goers are switching over to Fitness Buddy! With 1700+ unique exercises at your disposal, Fitness Buddy will revolutionize your training regimen. With this app, you will find the workout tracking process simple and easy in order to sustain your motivation and enforce your commitment to your fitness goals.
-- MAJOR FEATURES ---
✔ 1700+ unique exercises!
✔ 1000+ HD videos
✔ Comprehensive exercises for all major equipments including barbell, ez curl bar, dumbbells, kettlebells, resistance bands, medicine ball, machines, and stability balls
✔ Exercise categorization (core, lower body, chest, shoulders, back, arms, cardio)
✔ 4000+ exercise photos and animations (retina display resolution)
✔ Detailed exercise instructions and muscle categorizations
✔ Capabilities to add your own custom exercises and favorite exercises
User-friendly interface
✔ Quick and simple workout tracking
✔ Search bar to quickly find your favorite exercises
75+ workout routines
✔ Diverse repertoire of exercise routines including workouts for women
✔ Routines specific to your goals (build big chest, tone butt, lose weight, and more!)
✔ Routines specific to your equipment (resistance bands, kettlebells, bodyweight only, etc)
✔ Build your own workout routines
Body metrics tracking
✔ Track your body weight and metrics (chest, arms, thighs, etc)
✔ Graph your body progress
Excellent Support
✔ Quick email responses
✔ Frequent updates
And many other features for you to enhance your workout experience. You won’t be disappointed when you train hard with Fitness Buddy.

                                By bobiras2009		
