Xshell is a powerful terminal emulator that supports SSH, SFTP, TELNET, RLOGIN and SERIAL. It delivers industry leading performance and feature sets that are not available in its free alternatives. Features that enterprise users find useful include tabbed environment, dynamic port forwarding, custom key mapping, user defined buttons, VB scripting, and UNICODE terminal for displaying 2 byte characters and international language support.

Xshell offers many user friendly features that are not available in other terminal emulators. These features include Zmodem file upload by drag and drop, Zmodem file download by selecting the file name, simple mode, full screen mode, transparency option and custom layout mode. These features will save time and effort when performing terminal tasks.

Replaces insecure telnet clients.
Xshell supports VT100, VT220, VT320, XTERM, LINUX, SCOANSI and ANSI terminal emulation and provides various terminal appearance options replacing legacy telnet clients.

Supports secure connections for X11 and arbitrary TCP/IP applications.
Xshell supports the port forwarding feature over the SSH tunneling mechanism, so that all TCP/IP applications can share the secure connection without any modification on the program.

Maximize your productivity with built-in user convenience features
Xshell is packed with built-in user convenience features that cannot be found in any other terminal emulator. Features such as tabbed session, Compose bar, window arrangement, instant port forwarding, X11 forwarding, Quick Command bar, and instant layout switch are designed to help users to perform their remote task faster and more efficiently.

DonΓÇÖt let others take a pick at your information
Xshell supports various security features such as SSH1/SSH2 protocols, password, and DSA/RSA public key user authentication methods, and encrypts all traffics with various encryption algorithms.It is essential to keep your data safe with the built-in Xshell security features, because the traditional connection protocols such as TELNET and Rlogin can leave your network traffic vulnerable to anyone with little bit of network knowledge. Xshell can help you protect your data from hackers.

Multiple languages in a single screen? Xshell is ready when you are
Xshell is the first of its kind that has UTF-8 based terminal. With Xshell, multiple languages can be displayed on a single screen and there is no need to switch between different language encodings. As more businesses are moving towards providing their services, databases and applications in UTF-8 format, there is increasing demand for a terminal emulator that supports UTF-8 encoding. And, Xshell can help you handling the multiple language environment.

OS : Win XP/2000/Vista/Win 7
Language : English

Home Page - http://www.netsarang.com/

