Hitman - Blood Money for XBox 360                             Rel. 05/30/2006


DVD9 Region Free
Wave 1
English
Stealth Patched.


Discs:            1
Image:            .DVD/ISO
Genre.:           Action
Rating:           Mature
Requirements:     Modded or Flashed Drive (iXtreme or LT+)



Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: Your xbox360 console must be Modded or drive flashed with Ixtreme
      to play any copy. It isn't recommended to play any game copy online 
      unless your using LT+. Even then you still run the risk of getting 
      banned so just be aware of that.



Game Description:

Agent 47 the assassin returns in the 4th installment of the Hitman series. This time he goes on a trip around America, undertaking missions in major cities such as Las Vegas, New Orleans, Los Angeles and other exotic locations. This time, he better watch his back, as his long-time employer, the International Contract Agency, is threatened by a mysterious rival. 

Gameplay in Hitman: Blood Money is generally similar to the previous installments. Once again, your job will be to complete several assassination missions. You can sneak around in disguise to avoid the suspicious guards, or you can instead open fire on everyone you see. When you complete your mission, you're given a rating - from "Mass Murderer" up to the coveted "Silent Assassin". 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Only use DVD Decrypter or Imgburn to burn with respected media.


If using DVD Decrypter make sure Layer Break (For DL Media) is at 1913760 user specified option. As DVD Decrypter doesn't recognize .DVD files.


If your new to the Xbox360 scene do some research online.


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!						