Follow my uploads here:                      
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                       
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Lovingly written and illustrated exclusively for this Android app, iKamasutra brings thousands of years of Kama Sutra experimentation into one incredibly fun and sensual app.View over one hundred sex positions in 9 categories, each tastefully drawn and explained, and enjoy tracking your progress from Novice to Kama Sutra Master using the world's ultimate guide to sex. 

iKamasutra is the most highly recommended app of its kind, with a beautifully designed and pleasing interface. You may never be able to stop glancing at your phone again!

Attention Kama Sutra Masters! Are you a true sex position pro, or just looking for more exotic pleasures? We've made this version free by including just 30 positions. Upgrade to the full iKamasutra app for 110 positions, plus the ability to download additional positions whenever you like directly from our in-app Love Store.

ThereΓÇÖs a position for that.

    30 popular positions come included in this free Lite version.
    Easy-to-follow, professionally written descriptions move you quickly into position. 
    Nine categories to get your desires organizedΓÇöeverything from Cowgirl to Exotic.
    Soothing sitar music to set the right mood (optional).
    Password-protect the app to maintain your privacy.

Stretch to your limits.

    Track your progress from Novice to Master by marking positions you've tried.
    Search for the perfect position based on Intimacy, Complexity & Strength levels.
    Create a list of Favorite positions as well as a To Do list for positions you just have to attempt.


Shake it, baby. YouΓÇÖll like it.

    Ask your partner to shake the phone to choose a random new position.
    Swipe left or right to view the next position.
    Add your own personal notes to each position.
    Rotate the phone to landscape for a full-screen slideshow.

What's in this version : (Updated : Jun 19, 2012)

    You can now search in the scrolls with positions, places and movies
    You no longer have to exit iKamasutra with the back button to activate the password security
    Improved support for the latest Android versions and high resolution smartphones

Required Android O/S : 2.0.5+



                                By bobiras2009		
