                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Dropbox is a free service that lets you bring all your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily. This means that any file you save to your Dropbox will automatically save to all your computers, phones and even the Dropbox website. Dropbox also makes it super easy to share with others, whether youΓÇÖre a student or professional, parent or grandparent. Even if you accidentally spill a latte on your laptop, have no fear! You can relax knowing that Dropbox always has you covered, and none of your stuff will ever be lost. Dropbox works just like any other folder on your computer, but with a few differences. Any files or folders inside Dropbox will get synchronized to DropboxΓÇÖs servers and any other computer linked to your account. Green checkmarks will appear on top of your files to let you know that theyΓÇÖre synced and up to date. All data is transferred over SSL and encrypted with AES-256 before storage. Dropbox keeps track of every change made to any of its contents.

Dropbox is a Web-based file hosting service operated by Dropbox, Inc. that uses cloud computing to enable users to store and share files and folders with others across the Internet using file synchronization. It was founded in 2007 by Drew Houston and Arash Ferdowsi as a Y Combinator startup.

There are both free and paid services, each with varying options. In comparison to similar services, Dropbox offers a relatively large number of user clients across a variety of desktop and mobile operating systems. There are a total of 10 clients, including versions for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux (official and unofficial),as well as versions for mobile devices, such as Android, Windows Phone 7, iPhone, iPad and BlackBerry, and a web-based client for when no local client is installed. Dropbox uses the freemium financial model and its free service provides 2 GB of free online storage. Users who refer Dropbox to others can gain up to 8 GB of free storage. The serviceΓÇÖs major competitors include Box.net, Windows Live SkyDrive, Ubuntu One, SugarSync, Mozy, ZumoDrive, SpiderOak and Wuala.


                                By bobiras2009		