Follow my uploads here:                         
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                          
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

TweetCaster is the #1 Android Twitter app with the most innovative features!
TweetCaster Pro is the banner ad-free version of TweetCaster, the #1 Twitter app for Android and the ONLY app with Search Party – revolutionizing Twitter search for everyone.

TweetCaster boasts a bright & clean UI, lightning fast speed, and more features than any other Twitter app. No wonder millions of users have downloaded it worldwide!

Optimized for both phones and tablets, TweetCaster is the perfect app, no matter what device you are using.

TweetCaster Innovations:

    Search Party – Searching among the millions of tweets on Twitter can be like finding a needle in a haystack. But with Search Party, you can narrow down your search! For example, just search someone’s timeline. Or mentions. Or favorites. It’s how Twitter search was meant to be!
     SmartLists - Organize the chaos of your Twitter stream by grouping people into Lists, simply and easily (phones only)
    Photo Effects – Add filters, effects and captions to photo attachments
    Speak Tweets – Tap microphone on New Tweet screen to speak instead of typing
    Enhanced Widget – Updated look & scrollable/resizeable on Android 3.0+
    Zip It – Zip annoying tweeters or Twitter trends from your timeline without unfollowing
    Smart Filters – Display filtered views of your timeline that allow you to look only at tweets containing photos, links or videos (tablets only)

Plus the most features:

    Facebook – Simultaneously post to Twitter and Facebook 
    Multiple Twitter Accounts – Manage multiple Twitter accounts, post to both 
    Schedule Tweets – Compose a tweet and schedule it to send later
    TweetMarker – Service that keeps your place in the timeline
    Read Later – Save long stories to Instapaper or Read It Later service
    Themes – Twelve themes to choose from
    Color Code Tweets – Choose a custom color for your Tweets and mentions
    Multiple widgets – Two different widgets allow you to bring TweetCaster to your home screen
    Advanced Retweeting – Retweet with or without comment
    Customization – Customize your visual theme, font size and notification frequency
    Long Tweets – Use Twitlonger service to tweet over 140 characters
    Replies and Conversation Threads – View all replies and conversations related to a tweet
    Who to Follow – Suggests people to follow

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 12, 2012)

    Buffer is now supported - send your tweets to Buffer to post them later
    Improved Lists user interface on tablets
    Resolves twitter photo preview issues
    Bug fixes

Required Android O/S : 1.6+



                                By bobiras2009		