Release name: XCOM:Enemy.Unknown-FULL.UNLOCKED


Multilanguage Language: English*, German*, French*, Italian*, Korean, Spanish*, Russian, Japanese, Polish
*languages with full audio support

DLC: Elite Soldier Pack


The original XCOM is widely regarded as one of the best games ever made and has now been re-imagined by the strategy experts at Firaxis Games. XCOM: Enemy Unknown will expand on that legacy with an entirely new invasion story, enemies and technologies to fight aliens and defend Earth.

You will control the fate of the human race through researching alien technologies, creating and managing a fully operational base, planning combat missions and controlling soldier movement in battle.

Key Features
Strategy Evolved: XCOM: Enemy Unknown couples tactical turn-based gameplay with incredible action sequences and on-the-ground combat.
Strategic Base: Recruit, customize and grow unique soldiers and manage your personnel. Detect and intercept the alien threat as you build and expand your XCOM headquarters.
Tactical Combat: Direct soldier squads in turn-based ground battles and deploy air units such as the Interceptor and Skyranger.
Worldwide Threat: Combat spans the globe as the XCOM team engages in over 70 unique missions, interacting and negotiating with governments around the world.


The Elite Soldier Pack will provide the ultimate tools for soldier customization in XCOM: Enemy Unknown, including:

Classic XCOM Soldier
Players will instantly receive a new recruit in their barracks inspired by the original X-COM: UFO Defense. The iconic soldier with the blonde, flattop hairstyle will return fully modernized.
Soldier Deco packs
Players can customize their soldier with several aesthetic upgrades to armor suits, including the new Hyperion and Reaper soldier armor kits.
Complete color customization
A variety of colors and tints for all armor sets in the game allow players complete control to customize their squadΓÇÖs look.



Minimum:

OS:Windows Vista
Processor:2 GHz Dual Core
Memory:2 GB RAM
Graphics:NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT / ATI Radeon HD 2600 XT or greater
DirectX┬«:9.0
Hard Drive:20 GB HD space
Sound:DirectX Compatible
Other Requirements:Broadband Internet connection
Additional:Initial installation requires one-time internet connection for Steam authentication; software installations required (included with the game) include Steam Client, Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable, DirectX and Microsoft .NET 4.

Recommended:

OS:Windows 7
Processor:2 GHz Dual Core (Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz or Athlon X2 2.7 GHz)
Memory:4 GB RAM
Graphics:NVIDIA GeForce 9000 series / ATI Radeon HD 3000 series or greater
DirectX┬«:9.0
Hard Drive:20 GB HD space
Sound:DirectX Compatible
Other Requirements:Broadband Internet connection
Additional:Initial installation requires one-time internet connection for Steam authentication; software installations required (included



Installation Notes:

1.Unzip
2.Wait for crack



NOTE: SEED BACK TO GET BEST DOWNLOAD SPEED.