Asphyxia Noir One of Alt-Porn Hotest Talents, Sexually Destroyed, Brutal Bondage and Rough Sex | Asphyxia Noir | Matt Williams

November 30, 2012 


MP4 only. 
    
 
Welcome Asphyxia Noir to Sexually Broken. Asphyxia is one of hottest Alt-Porn models. With long thin legs, a sexy tiny butt, perfect alabaster skin, perfect lips, and exotic eyes, Asphyxia is as hot as they come! 

Bound in a traditional Japanese box tie, modified to perfection by Matt Williams, Asphyxia finds herself helpless, comfortable, but completely helpless. The bondage is inescapable. To her dismay, she is stuck and finds herself with a hard cock staring her in the face.

Rough hands push her down on the big cock. It fills her mouth and hits the back of her throat. She sees that there is still 2 inches to go, it can't possibly go all the way down her throat, but he is strong. He pushes and the cock goes balls deep, cutting off her ability to breath, filling up her entire throat, no air for her burning lungs. With her arms trapped behind her she has no defense, he uses her throat like a pussy, fucking it deep and hard. 

She struggles for air, stealing breaths when he lets her. She is dazed as he skull fucks her into subspace. Deep spit from the very back of the throat coats her face, it is slippery and allows the cock to slide down her throat even easier then before. She is losing this battle, the cock is destroying her.

He holds her down on his cock, balls deep, for what seems like an eternity. No air, panic strikes, she bucks, he holds firm, she bucks again, he holds firm. Just when darkness closes he pulls her off his cock, air rushes into her lungs, she flashes, dazed confused. She is roughly manhandled and before she realizes what is happening the cock is in her wet pussy and she is cumming. 

Now she is on top, fucking the cock she lubed with her throatspit. She wants to please him, so she uses all her tricks. She rides him hard, she needs it hard right now, she doesn't know why she needs it so rough, she just does. She slows down for a second, tired, he senses weakness and goes on the offensive again. 

He flips her over and fucks her throat while her head is upside down over the couch. Completely helpless, the cock just goes balls deep, she goes into survival mode. Her face is fucked deeper and harder then it ever has before, but she hangs on, never gives up. She is his equal. He senses her determination and goes harder. 

For what seems like an eternity, he fucks her pussy and mouth in several different positions, he makes her cum with a vibrator as she is deep throating him to the max. Lost in subspace, she is sexually dominated like never before. Ridden hard, she hangs on and she can't stop orgasming. He goes into overdrive, fucking her harder then ever before. She can't handle it, she is going to lose her mind, she needs to tap out, it is just too much, he is going to win, outlast her in this epic battle of brutal sex. But just before she is about beg for mercy, he cums, she can feel it filling her, he slams the cock home, hoping she will submit, but she knows she has won. She only needs to hang on for a few more seconds, she will be the first to make him cum. A stunning victory... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_30asphyxia3/SexuallyBroken-Asphyxia-Noir-Matt-Williams-Asphyxia-Noir-One-of-Alt-Porn-Hotest-Talents-Sexually-Destroyed-Brutal-Bondage-and-Rough-Sex.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

