Rules of the Game (1939) FULL DVD (ISO) Criterion Collection
La Regle du jeu

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This file includes EVERYTHING the original DVD has:


1939
106 minutes
Black & White 
1.33:1
Spoken Language: French  
Subtitles: English

(DVD-5)

This film is featured on two prominent lists:
Ebert’s Greatest Films
&
British Film Institute’s Sight & Sound’s top ten films of all time at #3

Director: 
Jean Renoir

Cast: 
Nora Gregor, Paulette Dubost, Mila Parely, Odette Talazac, Claire Gerard, Anne Mayen, Lise Elina, Marcel Dalio, Julien Carette, Roland Toutain, Gaston Modot, Jean Renoir, Pierre Magnier, Eddy Debray, Pierre Nay, Richard Francoeur

Disc Features:
* Introduction to the film by director Jean Renoir
* Comparison of the film’s two endings
* Selected-scene analysis by Renoir historian Chris Faulkner
* Audio commentary written by film scholar Alexander Sesonske and read by filmmaker Peter Bogdanovich

SYNOPSIS:  
Considered one of the greatest films ever made, The Rules of the Game (La règle du jeu), by Jean Renoir, is a scathing critique of corrupt French society cloaked in a comedy of manners in which a weekend at a marquis’ country château lays bare some ugly truths about a group of haut bourgeois acquaintances. The film has had a tumultuous history: it was subjected to cuts after the violent response of the premiere audience in 1939, and the original negative was destroyed during World War II; it wasn’t reconstructed until 1959. That version, which has stunned viewers for decades, is presented here.

*** 
I upload my torrents to The Pirate Bay and Demonoid, if you would like to upload one of my torrent files to another tracker feel free. 
All I ask is that you upload the same torrent file you downloaded by clicking on one of my links so that more seeders/peers are in the swarm.  
***
