Description
★★★★★ Imagine a GPS app designed for all outdoor activities – the perfect companion for skiing, biking, hiking and riding. With geocaching built in and the option to plan, record and share your rides or routes.

And imagine that this app doesn't depict mountains and valleys as flat spots on a map, but in THREE DIMENSIONS – including the path you are traveling on. A precise (!) altimeter displays your current elevation at any time. That is Maps 3D.

How is this possible? We're the first company to combine NASA scans of the Earth's topography with THE outdoor map OSM.

You'll receive maps of the entire world at no extra cost. With every street, path, rise, track and trail on OSM. Follow or record routes, search functionality, altimeter and numerous features included. You can load free routes from Everytrail and other sources.

And the best part: Maps 3D is fun! Have a look at the images below and give it a try!
★★★★★ 


REVIEWS IN THE MEDIA

*** TOP 5 *** App Navigation in 25 countries (as of 01/2012)

"The functions are helpful; the compilation of the 3D maps is impressive." 
Macwelt.de - Score: 1.8
"This app lays the world at your feet, in 3D!" Bild.de Digital - Score: 4/5
"An app recommended for hikers, cyclists and horse enthusiasts..." iPhone & iPad apps in Test Magazine, issue 3/2011 - Score: 8/10
Computer Bild "Premium App of the Week" - issue 15/2011
CHIP.de - Score: 5/5


PRIMARY FUNCTIONS

➤ LOAD MAPS IN ADVANCE over WiFi or 3G. No further Internet connection needed thereafter
➤ RECORD ROUTES by GPS – coordinates and exact elevations are logged
➤ EVALUATE ROUTES – all information on the trip with elevation and speed profiles
➤ USE BIKE COMPUTER – all key tachograph data available at a glance
➤ SEARCHABLE – towns, streets, mountain peaks, lakes and other natural POIs available offline


DETAILS

3D MAP DISPLAY:

✔ Accurate & precise relief map based on NASA scans of the Earth's surface
✔ Realistic 3D views from every perspective
✔ Contour lines on the topographical map
✔ The compass always points to the destination (3GS and newer), with linear distance
✔ Constant depiction of own position on the map
✔ Improved safety through better understanding of terrain and easier orientation


TOURING AND ROUTE PLANNING:

✔ Simple trips can be loaded via iTunes, Everytrail, e-mail, URL or Dropbox
✔ Display of remaining distance and elevation
✔ Display of travelled distance, current and average speeds and height above sea level
✔ Deviations from route detected immediately
✔ Export trip: Share easily by e-mail
✔ Precise calculation of climbs/descents and climbing and descending speeds based on the 3D elevation model


WAYPOINTS:

✔ Set waypoints
✔ Target flag as marker with connecting line on map
✔ Online address search
✔ Geocaching fans can also use raw waypoint files


POINTS OF INTEREST - POIs (offline maps):

✔ City and street names
✔ Mount peaks, lakes, beaches, forests, glaciers, caves


MAPS:

✔ Free OSM maps with cycling and hiking paths, horse trails, tracks and ski trails
✔ Three different scales
✔ Post GPS and map links via Twitter and Facebook
✔ Global map material


GENERAL / NOTES

Background GPS recording can significantly cut battery life

★★★★★ 
If you like Maps 3D, please remember to leave a positive rating on iTunes!

The movingworld team is working constantly to improve Maps 3D. Any suggestions? We'd be glad to hear them by e-mail at support@movingworld.de. We'll try to answer you within 24 hours!

Thank you for using Maps 3D!
★★★★★
What's new in Version 2.5
New: ✔ 340 Skiing areas, ✔ Photo waypoints, ✔ iTunes track exchange, ✔ refined data display, ✔ free camera angle

NEW IN VERSION 2.5:

✔ 340 skiing areas including all the aerialways, pistes and cross-country ski runs from the OSM
Please check the availability of your favorite skiing area at www.openstreetmap.org 
(full version only).

✔ Photo waypoints
Add photos to every waypoint you create. They can be sent via email.

✔ iTunes track exchange
If your device is connected to iTunes drag and drop .gpx files easily.

✔ Change camera angle
By stroking with two fingers in parallel up and down the camera angle changes from 2D to 3D seamlessly.

✔ The map view can be zoomed into by a double-click, zoom out by clicking once with two fingers.

✔ Gradient and gradient speed (m/min or ft/min) is precisely calculated based on the terrain data

✔ Direction to destination is displayed in degree and orientation
To find your destination more easily a black and white line connects your position and the flag icon.


IMPROVEMENTS:

✔ Strongly improved terrain display

✔ Sharper and faster map display - especially on 3G and 3GS

✔ Full topographic details for the lower 4 zoom levels (iPhone 4 and above)

✔ New terrain shading method to highlight details also on the 'sunny' side of mountains

✔ New, better readable data display

✔ Scalebar in 2D map

✔ Dynamic, soft zooming behavior

✔ Pressing 'pause' interrupts the speed calculations, not only the recording

✔ Real duration and speed saved as extensions in .gpx files

✔ Tracklist ordered by date

✔ Separated zoom and rotate behavior to improve map handling

✔ After zooming or rotating the map stays GPS centered

✔ New menus for waypoint handling

✔ Compass events are damped to avoid unpleasant map surge


★★★★★ 
If you like Maps 3D, please remember to leave a positive rating on iTunes!

The movingworld team is working constantly to improve Maps 3D. Any suggestions? We'd be glad to hear them by e-mail at support@movingworld.de. We'll try to answer you within 24 hours!

Thank you for using Maps 3D!
★★★★★
