MAGIX Independence Pro v3.1 UNLOCKED

UNLOCKED NOTE :

UNLOCKED : MAGIX/Protein
UNLOCKED : YellowTools E-Licensor

Wibu library was already dropped and not supported. All the YellowTools libraries are integrated to the Independence Pro. We have been prepared ENGINE Unlock for Xmas, but it is done before us. Next time, we should prepare the harder one

Independence is the ultimate sampler workstation for professional music production in the studio and for live productions - Independence Pro and Independence Basic also available now. Independence's Audio Engine has been redeveloped and improved, it now contains the Time-Stretching & Pitch-Shifting options. Using the innovative Multi Core support you can specify the number of kernels on your computer should be reserved for Independence. This ensures that Independence has the highest amount of CPU resources at its disposal, causing problems for other processes.


System requirements Windows

   Windows XP, Vista, 7 (32Bit & 64Bit)
   Pentium / Athlon XP 1.4 GHz, 512 MB Ram
   2,2 GB free hard drive space

(recommended: Pentium / Athlon XP 3.0 GHz, 1GB RAM)

Interfaces: VST  |  RTAS (32Bit)  |  Standalone




INSTALLATION:


• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• You need a virtual drive to mount or burn the ISO file

•Install Independence Pro Software Suite.*

•Install the crack.

*NOTE: See included txt file


Code

MAGIX installer is far from good.
And the installation structure is not simple.
We expect there will be lots of complains and question for that.
To avoid being fucked by those people,
we bring you the retail installer + crack installer this time.
Installation process is quite simle as always

-------------------------------------------------------------------

* If you have already installed our previous release, just install our new crack!

1.Burn or mount the image.
2.Install Independence Pro Software Suite.
3.Install our crack.
4.Enjoy!

-------------------------------------------------------------------

1.Check the log.

After you installed our crack, check the install log.
Log shows you what the installer did.
And you can see where EXE/VST/RTAS are installed to.
It would help when you have troubles.


2.Our release is unlocked.

MAGIX/Protein : Unlocked
YellowTools E-Licensor : Unlocked
No need to activate the library protected by unlocked format.
Just add the library and restart the software.


3.RTAS installation dir looks strange.

MAGIX installs .dpm files to
Common FilesDigidesignDAEPlugins

RTAS should be installed to
Common FilesDigidesignDAEPlug-Ins

If you have problem with installation dir,
move dpm files to correct dir AFTER YOU INSTALL OUR CRACK.
(Our crack gets installation dir from registry, and checks if the
files exist or not to avoid the error)

•  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!
