X-Plane 10 Crack No-DVD Mac-Windows.

This crack is for taking out X-Plane 10 of the demo mode without the DVD.

Instructions : 

Mac OS X : 

Mount the .iso file in the Finder and run X-Plane 10, it will take out X-Plane 10 of the demo mode (You can put the contain of the .iso file on a USB drive and plug it when you run X-Plane 10 for take out of the Demo mode).

Windows : 

Put the contain of the .iso file on a USB drive (You can use Image Writer for Windows : https://launchpad.net/win32-image-writer/) and plug the USB drive when you run X-Plane 10 for take out of the Demo mode.

You can download the demo of X-Plane 10 here :  
http://www.x-plane.com/downloads/x-plane_10_demo/

X- Plane 10 Description : 

X-Plane 10 Global is the worldΓÇÖs most comprehensive and powerful flight simulator for personal computers, and it offers the most realistic flight model available.

X-Plane is not a game, but an engineering tool that can be used to predict the flying qualities of fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft with incredible accuracy.

Because X-Plane predicts the performance and handling of almost any aircraft, it is a great tool for pilots to keep up their currency in a simulator that flies like the real plane, for engineers to predict how a new airplane will fly, and for aviation enthusiasts to explore the world of aircraft flight dynamics.

Welcome to the world of props, jets, single- and multi-engine airplanes, as well as gliders, helicopters and VTOLs. X-Plane contains subsonic and supersonic flight dynamics, allowing users to predict the flight characteristics of the slowest aircraft or the fastest. X-Plane also includes more than 30 aircraft in the default installation, spanning the aviation industry and its history. Aircraft included range from the Bell 206 JetRanger and Cessna 172 to the Space Shuttle and the B-2 Bomber. Additionally, more than 1,400 additional aircraft models can be downloaded from the Internet (X-Plane.org, the X-Plane.com Links page, and Google are good places to start looking), many of which are completely free. If those arenΓÇÖt enough, users can design their own airplanes and test-fly them!