BALLANCE GAME

Genre: Puzzles
Publisher: Atari

OS: WinXp/VISTA/7

Game Information:
Ballance is a level-based puzzle game. The player has to move a ball through a hovering maze of paths and rails. When moving, the player will face many mechanical obstacles like seesaws, suspension bridges, pendulums etc. to overcome. It is the aim of the game to reach to the end of each level without dropping the ball.
Ballance takes its special appeal from the physically realistic simulation of its elements. A good feeling of the ball's inertia and an understanding of simple mechanical processes will enable the player to succeed.

The special feature of the ball is that the player can change its material, and thus its physical properties. The material can be changed from wood to stone or paper. For changing the material of the ball, the player has to steer the ball onto one of the transforming fields (transformers) that can be found at various places in the levels.
Ballance is played against the time. The faster a player gets through a level the more scores will be granted. Picking up various Extra Scores may provide the player with additional "time scores" or even an "extra life".

Ballance is a combination of a puzzle and a game of skill. While the skill component is omnipresent - everything finally depends on steering the ball - the element of intelligence reveals itself in the form of "physical puzzles". These puzzles count on an intuitive grasping of the level architecture and the principles of simple mechanics. They often refer to the physical transformation of the ball. 
When exploring the world of this game and its rules, the view into endless depths gives the player a continuous thrill.

Installation process -

Install ultra iso [included]

Mount ballance.iso

Run setup.exe as administrator

Copy crack content into the game installation folderBinplayer.exe

Follow this process & enjoy!
How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - 
Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - 
Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.