The Dave Nestler Sketchbook Volume 1: Bad Girls Drawn Nicely
by Dave Nestler
SQP | July 2004 | English | ISBN 0865621063 | PDF | 64 pages | 11 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Dave-Nestler-Sketchbook-Volume/dp/0865621063

Dave Nestler has made a career of illustrating impossibly beautiful women, creating some of the most breathtaking paintings you've ever had dancing through your fondest naughty thoughts. Although it may seem like magic, there's a staggering amount of study and technique involved in the creation of such works. You think staring at pretty girls all day long is easy? Fun, sure, but easy? Nestler lets you roam through pages and pages of delightful detailed finished drawings of females in all manner of positions and attitudes, giving you valuable insight into his craft (and letting you enjoy the view!).
Start out with that fantastic cover of Salma Hayek from Dogma and move on to an entire collection from one of the most talented artists in the business today. Subtitled "Bad Girls Drawn Nicely" this book from SQP is the first sketchbook collection from the brilliant hand of Dave Nestler. Nestler has already established himself as one of the great modern masters of erotic pin-up art and this book is a prime example. It presents 64 pages of luscious, sexy, and oh so naughty females, rendered in beautiful pencil illustrations. Calling this a sketch book makes it perhaps sound as if these are rough drawings but don't let that fool you. These are completed and polished drawings, suitable for framing.
Nestler has a true eye for capturing women in their most subtle nuances with a fine-line detail that is unrivaled today. His anatomies are flawless and the eyes of the Nestler women enchant the reader. Check out the beauty lying on a stylish, Art Deco sofa, one breast exposed, seemingly waiting for her lover to come home. Then check out the gorgeous sun Goddess, pouring cool, refreshing water from a shell down over her body as she soaks up the sun. Catch a glimpse into the bedroom of a lovely woman as she readies herself for the evening in leather garter and bustier, and is busy attaching her stockings. A truly sensuous piece features a topless, delectable piece of cheesecake in a French maid skirt.
The examples are too numerous to try and highlight them all. This is one of the finest pin-up sketch books I've ever seen. Nestler points out in the introduction to this volume that this is the time he has worked exclusively in pencils since he was in art school and he obviously hasn't lost a step. While the majority of the drawings feature full or topless illustrations there are also a number of great facial portraits as well. A first-rate collection! Sal Quartuccio continues to publish the finest in erotic fantasy and pin-up art.