Description: The sequel to the highly-acclaimed 2005 game Sniper Elite, Sniper Elite V2 continues to offer gamers the most authentic World War II sniping experience by putting them in the middle of war-torn Berlin amidst the frenzied final battle between German and Russian forces.
With an emphasis on learning to handle the anticipation and pressure of the hunt, players are forced to use skill, patience and cunning to achieve their missions as they find themselves facing life-altering choices. The celebrated “bullet cam” from Sniper Elite makes its return and will be more gratifying than ever. Skillful shots are rewarded with a slow-motion sequence of the bullet running its full trajectory from barrel to target as well as featuring graphic detail of the effects of the bullet entering and destroying a target.

Features:
Sniping Simulation: Sniper Elite V2 features detailed sniping simulation with advanced ballistics, taking into account gravity, wind, velocity, bullet penetration, aim stability and more. Guaranteed to provide players with the most realistic simulation of military sharpshooting yet available.

X-Ray Kill Cam: Amazing “kill cam” technology showcases what really happens when a bullet enters an enemy’s body, allowing players to see hearts and lungs tear, livers burst, bones and teeth shatter and entrails fall out.

Authenticity: The game features authentic World War II Berlin locations as well as vehicles, weapons such as the Springfield M1903, the Gewehr 43 and the Mosin-Nagant 1891/30 and uniforms modeled after the original versions.

Use The Environment: The slightest changes in the environment need to be taken into account to move into the perfect position, observe the quarry, take the shot and slip away unnoticed.

Snipers Choice: Players will often find themselves facing a choice of the perfect shot that leaves them catastrophically exposed or a more difficult route that means they can continue their mission.

Multiplayer: For the first time in a Sniper Elite game, two players can play an online campaign in co-op.

Genre: First-Person Action
Publisher: 505 Games
Developer: Rebellion

Release date: World: 01 May 2012
Suggested system requirements:
Core 2 Duo 3 GHz, 2 GB RAM (4 GB RAM - Vista/7), graphic card 256 MB (GeForce 8800 or better), 10 GB HDD, Windows 7 / Vista / Windows XP does not support

Size: 2.8 GB

Publication Type: Repack
Language: English, Russian, German
Language: English, Russian, German
Tablet: enclosing (from SKiDROW)


Installation:
- Do not cut / no recoded to a lower bitrate
- Select the language when installing the game (full Russian version, English version of the full, complete German version)
- There are 2 DLC: "Kill Hitler" and the "PreOrder Sniper Rifles"
- Automatic installation of necessary software: DirectX, Visual C++ Redistributable
- Bilingual installer (English/Russian)
- Installation time - about 8 minutes
Repack by Dumu4