Ashampoo Music Studio 4

Ashampoo Music Studio 4 covers the entire workflow from music creation to production.
Supported audio formats: FLAC, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA

Create
Digitize your audio and enjoy the everlasting high quality of digital music. Notebook computer, music player or cellphone – listen to your favorite music, anywhere any time.

Transfer your precious music collection to your PC and let Music Studio create the required audio files for you.

Record your own audio files through any available Windows recording device, e.g. microphone or line in, and process them right in Music Studio.
Grab the music right from your favorite movies and create your own ringtones and remixes.

Edit
Take control of your music collection and adjust your songs to your personal needs.

Have Music Studio auto-create meaningful file names for your songs. Turn “Allegro con brio.mp3” into “Beethoven – [Op. 15] – Allegro con brio.mp3” and keep better track of your music collection.

Volume too high or too low? Song too long? Audio format wrong? Adjust these settings with ease – with Music Studio.

Design
Catalog your music collection and never loose track of your audio discs again.

Create beautiful covers for jewel and slim cases or print directly to your discs. Music Studio’s Cover Editor will have you create stunning artwork in no time.

Produce
Your files are now digitized, converted and modified. It is time to write them to disc, either for storage, easy listening on your CD player or as a gift to a friend. Why not also add some variety and merge your tracks to create new ones?

Music Studio’s Mix Tape provides fascinating variation and adds new vigor to your music collection. With full cross-fading support, simply combine your existing tracks to make new ones.

Use MP3, WMA, FLAC, OGG, or WAV files to burn your own audio CDs and MP3, WMA or even mixed-format discs.

Requirements

Operating System:
Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8
Computer: Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a reasonable speed, graphic adapter min.resolution 1024 x 768 with 256 MB memory and 16-bit High color, CD/DVD/BD-Writer. 

CPU:
2,4 GHz (or higher) CPU. 

RAM and disk space:
1024 MB RAM 

Software: 
Microsoft .Net 4.0 Framework 

Homepage: https://www.ashampoo.com/en/usd/pin/0530/Multimedia_Software/Ashampoo-Music-Studio-4/Overview

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Run "Regme" and merge it.
3. Done, Enjoy.