Book Description

Master All Facets of Joomla! Site Customization with Templates

 

Now, for the first time, there’s a complete, authorized guide to template design, development, and customization with Joomla!. Packed with examples, this clear, concise, practical text covers everything from beginning-level skills to power techniques–even creating new HTML5-native mobile views, today’s most exciting new Joomla! capability.

 

Internationally renowned Joomla! expert Angie Radtke brings together essential knowledge about usability, CSS, information architecture, PHP, JavaScript, accessibility, HTML5, and more. Using concrete examples, Radtke guides you through applying these technologies and best practices to construct and deploy world-class site templates. You’ll walk through every key technical option, fully understanding the internal interactions that control Joomla! template behavior. Radtke concludes by walking you step-by-step through a complete workshop project: transforming a template created in Photoshop into a working Joomla! template.

 

Joomla!® Templates will be invaluable for every professional web designer and developer who uses Joomla!, for advanced nonprofessional users, and for less experienced users who want to customize their own sites instead of paying others to do it. This title’s concise, easy-to-use coverage includes

    Using Joomla! templates to customize any website to your exact requirements
    Learning how Joomla! templates are structured and how they behave
    Quickly changing a Joomla! site’s look and feel
    Making sure your templates fully support accessibility and standards
    Getting your basic template structure into shape with CSS and HTML
    Designing responsive Joomla! templates and sites
    Supercharging your templates with JavaScript
    Analyzing HTML, CSS, and accessibility
    Integrating template components, including index.php, the XML file, template parameters, and language files
    Adapting and modifying output via the system template
    Mastering advanced template customization


Book Details

    Paperback: 368 pages
    Publisher: Addison-Wesley Professional; 1 edition (August 1, 2012)
    Language: English
    ISBN-10: 0321827317
    ISBN-13: 978-0321827319