


The second entry in Gato Barbieri's series of Impulse albums dealing with Latin America picks up where the first one left off, and in its way, follows its format closely yet not without some key differences. Based on the critical reviews of Chapter One: Latin America, he was emboldened to take some new chances on this, Chapter Two: Hasta Siempre (which translates to "As to Always.") The album was recorded between Rio de Janeiro and Los Angeles with the set's final cut recorded in Buenos Aires, Barbieri's homeland.

The set kicks off with parts one and three of "Econtrol," a raucous, festive jam that marks the album's only real concession to American music because of an electric bassline by Los Angeles sessionman Jim Hughart. The rest of the players are all Latins, most unheard of outside their native lands. Barbieri's blowing is, like Pharoah Sanders', over the top, unfettered, deeply emotive like the human voice in full-throated song. Totaled, the two parts of the suite cover six-and-a-half minutes -- part two was featured on an Impulse sampler called The Saxophone and is not present here. The accompaniment of Helio Delmiro's electric guitar with Paulinho Braga's drum kit, Mayuto Correa's conga work, and Daudeth de Azevedo's small, four-string guitar called the "cavaco" adds to the culture clash that comes flowing out of the center of the mix. Add to this Novelli's second electric bassline and it becomes an orgy of rhythm and carnival spirit: free, funky, and forceful. "Latino America" is a much more typical piece in that it employs folk instruments almost exclusively: Quena, Indian harp, bombo drums, small percussion alongside electric and classical guitars, and Barbieri's haunted saxophone lines playing full modal. "Maressea" is once more a sort of "fusion" tune where Latin instrumentation, carnival rhythms, Afro-Cuban salsa beats, and funky undertones all commingle, sweat, and groove under the saxophonist's intense, extremely busy tenor.

The only track not composed by Gato is the final one, "Juana Azureduy." Here, his narration (in Spanish) is supported by a host of drummers, guitars ranging from full-on electric and classical to charango, an electric funky bassline, and an army of small percussion as Indian harps and wood flutes swirl about the sound of his voice, which at times whispers like the wind, and at other times, shouts. His tenor, like Coltrane's performances on "India" or "Greensleeves," goes into the intricacies of minor modes to bring out the folk melodies he's evoking from the lyric line of the composition. At over 11 minutes, it is the longest cut here, and it's the strongest. It's a stunner and will leave any interested listener breathless by its finish.

Interestingly, Chapter Two: Hasta Siempre wasn't greeted with the same laudatory critical acclaim as its predecessor was, but in some ways, it's a far stronger album, reflecting Barbieri's growing confidence in himself as a composer, arranger, and bandleader -- he already had his mettle as a soloist. This was reissued by Verve as part of its excellent Originals series. It sounds great, is dirt-cheap, and is an essential entry in the canon of great Latin jazz. 



1 Encontros, Pt. 1 	Barbieri 	2:13
2 Encontros, Pt. 3 	Barbieri 	4:17
3 Latino America 	Barbieri 	5:27
4 Marissea      	Barbieri 	7:38
5 Para Nosotros 	Barbieri 	7:59
6 Juana Azurduy 	Ramirez 	11:14



Gato Barbieri 	Composer, Flute, Narrator, Sax (Tenor), Vocals, Wind
Michelle Barbieri 	Director
Baker Bigsby 	Engineer, Mixing
Paulinho Braga 	Drums
Adalberto Cevasco 	Bass (Electric)
Mayuto Correa 	Conga, Triangle
Domingo Cura 	Bombo, Bongos
Daudeth de Azevedo 	Cavaco
Helio Delmiro 	Guitar
Nivaldo Duarte 	Engineer
Gil Fortis 	Assistant, Engineer
Isoca Fumero 	Charango
Jim Hughart 	Bass (Electric)
Hollis King 	Art Direction
Andy Kman 	Production Coordination
Pocho Lapouble 	Drums
Ricardo Lew 	Guitar (Electric)
Dominic Lumetta 	Assistant
Juan Carlos Manojas 	Engineer
Raul Mercado 	Quena
Ed Michel 	Producer
Amadeo Monges 	Arpa India
Novelli 	Bass (Electric)
Jorge Padin 	Percussion
Quelo Palacios 	Guitar (Classical)
Antonio Pantoja 	Erkencho, Percussion, Quena, Sikus
Ariel Ramírez 	Composer
Kevin Reeves 	Mastering
Zurdo Roitzner 	Drums, Percussion
Jorge Tagliani 	Engineer
Harry Weinger 	Reissue Supervisor
Isabelle Wong 	Design

