Description
The Ultimate Utility for BF3 is here! 

Are you tired of all the poor quality $.99 game guides that leave you regretting your purchase later? Me too! That's why I started the 
Ultimate Utility brand over a year ago! 
So if you are looking for the best app for BF3, it's time to trade up from your current game guide to the Ultimate Utility brand of apps! 



- FEATURES - 

COMPLETE & IN DEPTH REFERENCE GUIDE: 
Get the most in depth information available about the weapons, specializations, attachments, vehicles, maps, and more! 

EXPERT SAMPLE CLASSES
Check out sample classes that will help you improve your scores!

UNLOCKABLES CHECKLIST: 
Keep track of everything you have unlocked - including guns and achievements! 

PWN BOX (with Friends List): 
Live chat with other gamers! No registration or sign up - just enter a user name and ask your question! There are always people online to talk to! 

FRIENDS LIST: 
Quickly and easily send out invites to all your friends in order to organize a team to play online! 

MAPS: 
Get overhead images of the map layouts.

ADVANCED STATS CALCULATOR: 
This ain't no simple dividing calculator. Always know your K/D and wins ratio, plus how many more kills/wins you need to improve your ratio! You can also log your past entries to see if you are improving or not. 

PLAYERCARD: 
Check your live, in-game stats in real time right from the app! 

HD VIDEOS: 
Over 100 helpful HD videos are already uploaded, with more added each week! There are also 6 customizable channel slots, so you can save your favorite YouTube gaming channels right to the app! 

BRAG TO YOUR FRIENDS: 
Send e-mails to your friends with your K/D ratio or the number of achievements/trophies that you have unlocked! 

NEWS: 
Keep up to date with the latest news from the community.

USER POLLS: 
See what other players think about topics such as what is the best Assault Rifle or most useful specialization. Polls are updated every week! 

You just won't find this level of detail and quality in any other BF3 app! 


Ultimate Utility for BF3 is an unofficial guide designed for use with Battlefield 3. Battlefield 3 is a registered trademark of Electronic Arts, Inc. Brass Monkeigh Apps, LLC is not affiliated with Electronic Arts, Inc. 

For more information about Brass Monkeigh Apps, check out: 
www.BrassMonkeigh.com
What's new in Version 1.1
NEW IN VERSION 1.1
- Improved weapon statistics
- Improvements to Let's Play
- Fixed several typos

More to come!
