Thanks for downloading the AdbeDOThack Patcher, some things need to be done before you can use this program.

1. Make sure you have at least .NET Framework 2.0 SP1 you can download that here  
http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=16614
2. Once downloaded install it if you already have NET Framework 2.0 which most systems not days do then you don't need to step 1
3. Even though this program has no administrator privledges right click and run as administrator anyways, other wise upon patching your desired Adobe Program you will just get a MessageBox saying Adobe Example has been patched, right away. 
4. Make sure when patching to only patch the required program once doing this a second time will delete the backup file saved in the directory
5. There are 2 Types of Patches 1= Adobe Example Program 2= Adobe Example Program 32Bit
6. Adobe Example Program is for 64bit systems only and Adobe Example Program 32bit is for 32bit systems only
7. Adobe After Effects and Premiere Pro are both only for 64bit systems thus why they do not have a 32bit option
8. When you first run the program it will check for latest updates if so it will say a brief message of what the newest version is if not then it will say you have the most current version.
9. When clicking yes for the update it will be automatically downloaded to where your desired program is already as a zip file then open the zip file
10. If you click on no for checking for updates perodically then it will update it into your registry and add a registry value, dont worry if you do this thats why there is also a manual button which when clicked allows the same thing to check for updates
11. When doing a tutorial there is a button called Shut The Fuck Up Music this when clicked puases the music so making a voice tutorial is not a hassle
12. To visit ProjectDOThack's website click the banner on top
13. Do not claim that you made this buy uploading it to a shit site like Shitcash, Fileass, ect.
14. Keep the dll files with the Program or it will not run instead crash instantly
15. Want a easy way to download all adobe trials then click the download adobe trial button and follow what the page says

Thanks for understanding TheDOThack Team 
crusisx@aol.com

All Rights Reserved Under ProjectDOThack ┬⌐ 2012