This exclusive TNS Radio program is hosted by Mike Montagne, original 1968 author/architect of mathematically perfected economy™ — a long proven fact of singular solution to the monetary and political issues before us.

The first eight of the following programs were originally conceived as an introductory set, more or less exhaustively covering how mathematically perfected economy™ resolves not just all the monetary issues of our time, but the principal political issues as well. 

A principal purpose of further material then is to dispel every myth that any alternate proposition could solve the injustices before us — for as I have taught without invalidation since 1968, from its inception, mathematically perfected economy™ was a proof of one and one only monetary solution. Nothing less than such comprehensive coverage could sustain such a fact. But as the very ability to invalidate every contending proposition stems from no more than a simple original proof of singular solution, the following programs, together with original PFMPE™ material, are perhaps the most comprehensive collection of monetary material in the world. Practically nothing is left unanswered.[/QUOTE]

Mike Montagne is the original 1968 architect of a proof of one and one only mathematically perfected economy™. In part, this ground breaking, ever unrefuted thesis resolves his original mathematic proof that any purported economy based upon the present obfuscation of our currency inevitably manifests, itself, in the present terminal monetary failure a terminal failure coupled to categoric faults, which his proofs demonstrated over 40 years ago, can only be resolved by immediate adoption of mathematically perfected economy™. He has provided every United States President since and including Gerald Ford not only with mathematic proofs of the present inevitable failure, but also with a prescription for resolving the present failure not only immediately, but even virtually without cost.

In 1979, in addition to the proofs of inevitable failure and singular solution he had provided presidents Ford and Carter, Montagne provided the Reagan Campaign with mathematic proofs that Reagan's proposed three years of ten-percent per year reductions in federal tax rates would fail either to balance the federal budget or resolve the double-digit price inflation which was suffered at the time (which proposition Reagan merely claimed without qualification). In 1982 and 83, as Montagne's disproofs of the Reagan propositions were already clearly proving true, and while, under the exceedingly high prime rates of the time, the purported economy was clearly spiraling downward in a perpetual cycle of multiplying indebtedness as his proofs demonstrated, the Reagan Administration made serious inquiries whether it was possible to project the failure. While concerned about the implications of this potentially corrupt question, Montagne explained exactly how to engineer highly accurate computer models, which he immediately produced for the Reagan Administration at his own expense, and which models conservatively projected not only the de-escalation of interest rates to the present, but that the present failure would transpire at approximately 2010 AD.

His original proofs are now a global basis for monetary reform advocating eradication of interest and proving interest cannot be justified by falsified debts to purported banking systems (which never give up lawful consideration in their purported creation of money, and which merely publish evidence of our promissory obligations to each other); advocating a restoration of the natural disposition of promissory obligations; and proving a singular solution for 1) circulatory inflation, circulatory deflation, and maldisposition, 2) systemic manipulation of the cost or value of money or property, and 3) inherent, irreversible, and therefore terminal multiplication of falsified indebtedness, subjected without warrant to the ever unjustifiable imposition of interest.

Today, owing to its original merits and integrity, after 43 years of advocating one mathematically perfected economy™, his work is probably the most imitated, plagiarized, and amateurishly compromised monetary work in history. Literally millions of web pages incorporate his work without tribute. Yet in deviating an iota from his original prescriptions for one mathematically perfected economy™, the work of every eleventh hour imitator itself is still disproven by his original proofs of singular solution. Today he is a software engineer, mathematician, founder of PEOPLE For Mathematically Economy™, and author of a present world-wide mandate for mathematically perfected economy and absolute consensual representation™.
 
http://www.perfecteconomy.com