Video Thumbnails Maker by Scorp

Video Thumbnails Maker allows you to make thumbnails (caps, previews, screen-lists) and screenshots of video files. The utility can be used for home-video cataloging and for network video sharing support. 

Video Thumbnails Maker is coming with its own Viewer! The main advantage of the Viewer is the ability to start the related video-file right from the Viewer! The process is automatic in activated version. In usual version you can set the link between the picture and the video-file manually within the Viewer. 

The main features of the program:

Supports of the batch processing of videofiles.
Supports of practically any videos-formats (even MOV, QT, FLV, SWF, RM if you have appropriate codecs). If the file can be normally played in your video-player (Windows Media Player or BSPlayer), it can be processed by the program.
Several ways to choose shots manually (including crop ability), learn more.
You can pause/continue or stop active job at any moment.
Visual preview of your settings right in the Options window! Momentary rendering. Never before the creation of thumbnails was so simple! Maximum freedom for your creativity.
Possibility to save each shot in separate file.
Command line interface support, learn more.
Own Viewer allows to start the related video-file right from the picture-Viewer! The process is automatic in activated version, learn more. In usual version you can set the link between the picture and the video-file manually within the Viewer.
Import and export options presets.
Options preset file format (*.vtm). After you run the preset, the program is automatically opened with the imported tuning. Very useful.
6 interface languages (English, Belarusian, Russian, Ukranian, German, French).
5 customizable "base"-presets.
Ability to export Video and Audio technical details in CSV and XML file formats.
Statistics of the progress of the program (F1 window).
If you support the project, you can receive an email stating the amount you have donated, and a special activation key for the program. The key allows you to personalize the program, and depending on the amount you donated you will receive special status (silver, gold, platinum), learn more.
Watermarks (alpha-channels and transparency are supported). Make your own style.
Ability to use your images as background images for preview.
Autoadjustment of height of a shot option.
Global stroke and stroke tiles options.
Fit screen option (autoadjustment of the shots to fit your screen resolution).
Special effects (drop shadow, gray scale, cut edges).
Customizable fonts, colors, contours, shadows, frames, background, text.
Stamp time in shots option (5 different locations, transparency, contour).
Video information stamp option (4 different locations and customizable configurations).
"Audio/Video info" option.
"Custom comment" option.
Three rendering engines (Engine 2 is recommended to be used under 64-bit OS).
"Try to substitute black frames" option.
The program's small size.
Hot keys.

System Requirements:

Windows 7/vista/xp
Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0+ is required. You can download the Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 redistributable package or allow program to download itself during installation.

Homepage: http://www.suu-design.com/projects.html#VTM

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program and allow program to download .Net Framework from Microsoft if not already installed.
2. Copy content from key folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.