THE CHRONICLES OF BURNTOWN -- A POST-APOCALYPTIC SERIAL

July, 2021. When the small town of Kentsburg, Mississippi finds itself cut off from the rest of the outside world following a terrible thunderstorm, no one thinks much of it, although several inhabitants recall seeing flashing red lights on the horizon just before the power went out. The next morning, even stranger things begin to happen.

Nobody's car will start, clocks are frozen in time, and all cell phones are mysteriously dead. Then come the drones that some farmers have begun to dig up in their fields--heavy circular devices which house a plethora of deadly weapons to kill anyone who interferes with them.

In the days following the aftermath of what many refer to as "The Shock", an unlikely young antihero named Markus Huxley rises, eventually declaring himself de facto leader of a place henceforth known as "Burntown". Influenced only by his haunted past and an unusual penchant for fire, the future of those who remain in Kentsburg under his reign seems uncertain.

With the town's older residents dying off, the teens soon turn to drugs and alcohol in order to cope. And so the parties rage on, even as the world has seen fit to end in fire.

Still, there are some who begin investigating by tearing apart the drones--which at first seem to be an alien technology--until a darker, much more shocking truth is revealed concerning a future that may be too late to turn back from...

----------------------

THIS TORRENT INCLUDES: 

- The Chronicles of Burntown, Pt. 1 (Kindle, ePub, PDF formats)

---------------------- 

FROM THE AUTHOR: 

Hello! My name is Peter von Harten and I'm an indie poet and author of YA, horror, and science fiction. 
I hope you enjoy my writing! Please feel free to copy and distribute the work I've included in this 
torrent as many times as you wish! You can convert it to whatever formats you need, share quotes, and 
basically spread it around wherever. You can even include it in your own torrents. The only thing I ask 
is that you DO NOT alter the files any way or change any part of the original text. Otherwise, you're 
free to do with it as you please =)

Thanks for checking me out and if you like my work, tell all your friends!

- Peter von Harten

Some places you can find me:

-
-
-
- http://poisonrationality.tumblr.com
-
- http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4865349.Peter_von_Harten

CONTACT: pavonharten@gmail.com

-------------------------

Thank you for your support! =)