Wild Scene Investigators - USA_UK CryptoParanormal Nature Series (2012) xvid avi S01E01-E05

I fixed up the source on these ones.. fixed the aspect.. but didnt sharpen..
theyre a little blurry.. but VLC real time sharpener makes a big difference

5 of a 8 part series... from Nat Geo.. Its hardly ghost hunting or cryptology but has some of that in it.. debunking stuff as
either normal creatures or unknown

they do some evps or ghostbox stuff though.. its still worth a watch
if its not totally paranormal or crypto stuff :)

help to seed if grabbing

enjoy

Ghostly sounds in a haunted wood in Wales, silver stolen in a canyon in California and pets disappearing in Vermont ΓÇô are the suspects human or could animals be involved? Just as smart-phone cameras have revolutionised the way news footage is captured around the globe, so the increasing sophistication of camera trapping technology has led to a surge in the recording of unusual animal behaviours. Big cats, small rats, freaky dogs and scary hogs are all under investigation, but who has committed the crimes and why

Series 1 Episodes

Ghost On The Green
Episode 1: Ghost On The Green

Sneaky vandals are digging up a golf course under the dead of night. Armed with camera traps and the latest gadgets, the team set out to catch the culprits in the act.

Episode 2: Monster of The Manor

A quaint English village is brought to life by the prospect of a man-eater living in their midst. But could it be a domestic pet simply getting up to mischief?

Episode 3: Haunted Forest

Strange sounds and spooky sightings leave the inhabitants of a small town in Wales wondering if their forest is haunted by the ghosts of ship-wrecked sailors or just the local wildlife.

Episode 4: Goat Sucking Ghoul

Is there a bizarre blue-eyed hairless dog haunting the state of Texas or are the sceptics right and locals are misidentifying mangy coyotes? The answer will more than surprise you.

Episode 5: Crooks In The Canyon

A crime wave sweeps southern California with thieves stealing the most unlikely objects. The local kids are taking the rap but the wild scene investigators arenΓÇÖt so sure theyΓÇÖre to blame.

Episode 6: Attic Demons

Mysterious noises in their roofs are spooking residents and the local pest control company are unable to catch the culprit so the wild scene investigators are on the case.

Episode 7: Killer Cat Thief

Domestic cats are going missing and locals are all pointing the finger of blame at one wild animal. But with little to support their accusations, who or what is really the culprit?

Episode 8: Dog Snatcher

Domestic dogs are being snatched from their homes in a Chicago suburb, but who or what is clever enough to get away with it?
