O&O Defrag Professional
 
Do not wait too long! If you work on computers a lot, then slow system and program starts, endless rendering and memory processes, or even system crashes when playing can quickly ruin your enjoyment. Defragmenting your PC can hugely accelerate the speed you can work on your PC. When you defragment, those files fragmented across the hard disk are logically rearranged so that files can be quickly recognized and processed by the hardware. Performance gains of up to 100% are not uncommon!

 Other benefits of a tidy hard disk

 The read heads of a hard disk when reading an orderly (defragmented) hard disk are far less stressed and worn out, which substantially extends the life of your hardware. Even in the event of a loss of data, you have better chances of making a full recovery of lost data if you defragment. Data recovery software such as O&O DiskRecovery can reconstruct files saved after a defragmentation much easier than files that are spread across multiple areas of your hard disk.

 Automatic defragmentation

 The new automatic optimization makes manual defragmentation a thing of the past. This feature is enabled by default following installation, and optimizes your disks behind the scenes, without interfering in any way with the functioning of your computer. WhatΓÇÖs more, O&O Defrag can be set to run a defragmentation as soon as a certain level of fragmentation is reached on a hard disk or partition. Defragmentation can also be scheduled for a certain days of the week, or whenever your screensaver is being used. You can pause and resume defragmentation whenever you want because O&O Defrag automatically recognizes where defragmentation was interrupted.


System Requirements:
 
-Minimum requirement of each operating system
-512 MB RAM (1 GB RAM recommended)
-50 MB free hard disk space
-Windows XP, Vista , Windows 7, Windows 8 (32 bit/64 bit)
 
Homepage: http://www.oo-software.com/en/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy
