Based on The Lord of the Rings motion picture trilogy, LEGO The Lord of the
Rings follows the original storylines of The Lord of the Rings: The
Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, and The Lord
of the Rings: The Return of the King, taking players through the epic story
events reimagined with the humor and endless variety of LEGO play. Trusted
with the dangerous task to destroy an ancient magical ring that threatens
all that is good, Frodo is forced to leave his peaceful home. But the ring
wants to be found and the road to Mount Doom, the only place where it can be
destroyed, will be perilous and riddled with Orcs and fouler things. To help
Frodo, a Fellowship is formed -Aragorn the Ranger, Gandalf the Wizard
Legolas the Elf, Gimli the Dwarf, Boromir a Man of Gondor, and Frodo's
Hobbit friends Sam, Merry and Pippin. Players relive the legend through the
LEGO minifigures, as they explore wonders, solve timeless riddles, and
overcome endless foes in their quest to destroy the Ring

GAME FEATURES:

* Explore all of the open-world of Middle-earth and experience epic battles
with Orcs, Uruk-hai, the Balrog, the Witch-king, and other fearsome
creatures
* Wield the power of the The One Ring, and enter the Twilight World of the
Ringwraiths
* Experience the LEGO The Lord of the Rings heroes come to life in an all
new way with the minifig characters delivering the dialogue from the
films
* Collect, combine and forge new items in the Blacksmith Shop using Mithril
the most precious metal in Middle-earth
* Discover and unlock over more than 80 playable characters, including
Frodo, Aragorn, Gandalf, and many others
* Collect and use a variety of weaponry and magical items, including the
Light of Earendil, Elven rope, swords, and bows


1. Install the game(open just LEGO Lord of the Rings-=AviaRa=-.exe)
2. Play the game from desktop shortcut
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=14995.0



We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team