THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Transformers Fall Of Cybertron XBOX360-SPARE

The war on planet Cybertron rages on in this second chapter of the phenomenally successful action game series. Transformers: Fall of Cybertron takes fans through the final, darkest hours of the civil war between the Autobots and Decepticons as they fight for control of their dying planet, ultimately leading to their storied exodus from home.

With the stakes higher and scale bigger than ever, fans will control an unprecedented assortment of Transformers characters armed with authentic transformation designed around their unique abilities, including GrimlockΓÇÖs nearly indestructible T-Rex form and the legendary Combaticons forming into the colossal Bruticus. Taking the franchiseΓÇÖs competitive online play to all-new heights, Transformers: Fall of Cybertron pits players head-to-head in blistering Autobot vs. 
Decepticon matches. Before multiplayer combat, players can create their own unique characters with the most in-depth, advanced customization ever before seen in a Transformers game.

Features:

Transformers: Fall of Cybertron allows you to go head-to-head as Autobots and Decepticons with its multi-player online mode.

Create your own personalized character and weaponry with the most advanced and in-depth customization ever before seen in a Transformers video game.

Transformers: Fall of Cybertron allows you to go head-to-head as Autobots and Decepticons with its multi-player online mode.

Create your own personalized character and weaponry with the most advanced and in-depth customization ever before seen in a Transformers video game.

Embark on an adrenaline-fueled journey through a wide range of missions and massive environments designed around each character?s unique abilities.

Fight through both sides of the Transformers? most epic battles leading to their legendary exodus 
from their home world.

Transformers Fall of Cybertron allows you to go head-to-head as Autobots and Decepticons with its multi-player online mode.

With the stakes higher than ever before, you play as a variety of Transformers, including Grimlocksnearly indestructible T-Rex form and the legendary Combaticons forming into the colossal Bruticus.

Platform: XBOX360
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD3
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Action
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-5C4C_502F297F.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-651E_502F297F.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-723C_502F297F.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-1A92_502F297F.jpg