PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


"C  O  N  S  P  I  R  A  C  Y"

Volume 010
GasLand
Forced Pool Fracking
Mississippi Fault


POtHS - Conspiracy - 010 - GasLand, Forced Pool Fracking and Mississippi Fault


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


POtHS Comment: Is the Oil worth all this.

Description:  

GasLand:
"The largest domestic natural gas drilling boom in history has swept across the United States. The Halliburton-developed drilling technology of "fracking" or hydraulic fracturing has unlocked a "Saudia Arabia of natural gas" just beneath us. But is fracking safe? When filmmaker Josh Fox is asked to lease his land for drilling, he embarks on a cross-country odyssey uncovering a trail of secrets, lies and contamination. A recently drilled nearby Pennsylvania town reports that residents are able to light their drinking water on fire. This is just one of the many absurd and astonishing revelations of a new country called GASLAND. Part verite travelogue, part expose, part mystery, part bluegrass banjo meltdown, part showdown."
------------------------------------------------------------

Forced Pool:
In an interview with Chip Northtrop on BrasscheckTV, Mr. Northtrop brings to light the problems associated with 'Forced Pooling' of Oil & Gas Fracking wells.  Under recent govt laws, landowners do not have protection of their basic property rights, these laws legalize fracking without allowing time for the state to adequately study its impacts and allows for the privitization of the federal government's Eminent Domain laws. In other words, it affords private companies to take what is yours against your will.
------------------------------------------------------------

The Mississippi Fault:
Short video compilations pertaining to the Agenda 21, Fracking, EQ's, and other various upheavals associated to the U.S. Mississippi Fault line which begins from the Gulf of Mexico and shoots up into the Great Lakes.   This entire area is at risk and many believe there are other forces at work which will have a catastrophic affect on the region.  These videos are an addition to any previously released POtHS torrents thus far for this region.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 


