THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

The Witcher 2 Assassins of Kings PAL XBOX360-SWAG

The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings, the award-winning PC RPG comes to Xbox360!

The player is Geralt of Rivia, a professional monster slayer, a witcher. 
Entangled in the political turmoil that engulfed Temeria, Geralt helped 
quell the rebellion of the Order of the Flaming Rose. Soon after, he 
saved King Foltest's life when the monarch was attacked by a witcher-like 
assassin. He continues to protect the king, serving as his bodyguard as 
Foltest strives to bring peace to his kingdom. The Order's last bastions 
have yielded to the royal army, yet one more task remains, the Baroness 
La Valette announced her secession from the realm, and her fortress must 
be taken. A month after the attempted assassination, Foltest's armies 
stand at the gates of La Valette Castle, preparing for a final assault. 
Still at Foltest's side, Geralt is among them, unable to begin his 
personal quest to discover the mysterious assassin's origin and identity...

Thanks to the new, ultra-modern RED engine, The Witcher 2: Assassins of 
Kings features both beautiful graphics and sophisticated in-game mechanics, 
drawing players into the most lively and believable world ever created in a 
video game. A completely immersive visual experience, The Witcher 2 on Xbox 
360 is arguably the best-looking RPG ever to come to consoles.

Defining new standards for realistic, non-linear game narration, The Witcher 
2 spins a mature, thought-provoking tale to produce one of the most complex 
and unique RPGs ever released on consoles. In addition to its epic story, 
the game features a complex combat system that uniquely combines dynamic 
action and tactical depth.

Platform: XBOX360
Format: XGD3 
Region: PAL
Size: 2 DVD's
Language: English
Genre: RPG

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-C9A6_4F7DCACC.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-789A_4F7DCACC.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-106B_4F7DCACC.jpg