John Leslie Goes Deep XviD - PORNOLATiON

Starring : Carmella Bing, Tony De Sergio, Ian Scott, Rebeca Linares, Jerry, Oliver Sanchez, Tara Lynn Foxx, Mark Wood, Mika Tan, Steve Holmes, Marco Banderas, Amy Brooke, Mr. Pete, Aline, Rico Strong, Prince Yahshua, Larissa Dee, Toni Ribas

Description : Porn Maestro John Leslie Directed an incredible Volume of explicit Sex in Long Career HIS, HIS glamorous, hard-core, wryly humorous videos highlighting Pretty sluts Getting dirty with Horny cocksmen. Now Evil Angel unleashes "John Leslie Goes DeeP," a compilation featuring his most intense double-penetration action - in each of seven long scenes, hot girls get double-dicked, taking cocks simultaneously in the pussy and up the ass! This material showcases some of the director's favorite and filthiest starlets. Busty Italian-American bimbo Carmella Bing becomes the yummy meat inside a nasty cock sandwich when she's double teamed by big-dicked studs Tony De Sergio and Ian Scott. This crazy anal party ends with a shower of jism all over the sultry brunette's face. Fleshy blonde cutie Tara Lynn Fox offers up every orifice, and skinny sweetheart Amy Brooke turns an intimate date into a three-way fuck party. Gorgeous Spanish whore Rebeca Linares takes on a pair of relentless fuckers who fill her with throbbing meat and baste her lovely face with sperm. Dressed in a sheer nylon body stocking, voluptuous American Asian superslut Mika Tan enjoys a marathon ride of thick boners and sex toys. Blonde MILF Aline gets thoroughly plowed by two big black boners in a forbidden interracial tryst, and refined brunette Larissa Dee gets filled to the brim. The best from a master of erotic entertainment, "John Leslie Goes DeeP" is no ordinary compilation. This raunchy double-stuff is twice as hot!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=25uezi8hve5fd68l91wv.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=j865ce7xgt6orhjg2deo.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=wawww6qf0wyzj7c6nvmq.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=qa9ynz8rxru5q8tfwgk2.jpg