 Legends Unite! The Dynamic Duo of Batman and Robin join other famous super 
  heroes from the DC Universe including Superman, Wonder Woman and Green 
  Lantern to save Gotham City from destruction at the hands of the notorious 
  villains Lex Luthor and the Joker.

  Key Features:

  * Collect 50 DC Comics characters and flex your new super abilities--soar 
    through the air with free-roaming flight, freeze and push objects with 
    Super-Breath, and heat up and cut holes through objects with Heat Vision. 

  * Master new suits and gadgets such as Batman's Power Suit and Robin's 
    Hazard Suit equipped with a Pressure Cannon that can absorb and dispense 
    hazardous liquids. 

  * Players can also explore Gotham City by walking, flying or unlocking and 
    controlling a variety of cool vehicles including the Batmobile, Batwing 
    and Batboat.
 
  * For the first time in a LEGO video game, hear the LEGO characters talk! 

  * Enjoy the game with friends and family using easy drop-in/drop-out co-op 
    play that features dynamic split screen.



  1. Install the game. 
  2. Play the game from desktop shortcut
  3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=14996.0


We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team