Hell Yeah! is a crazy action-adventure platformer… In Hell.

You are Ash, a devil rabbit and the prince of Hell. When some jerk finds it funny to post your secret intimate photos all over the Hell-ternet, you get VERY angry.

Time to seek out the bastard and destroy him once and for all. While you’re at it, why not use this incredible journey to kill everybody else?

It’s you against all Hell. It’s Hell Yeah!

Key Features:

Tension-relieving faux-gore action Hell Yeah! helps you clear your mind after a bad/frustrating/boring day at work. Achieve this by exploring the four corners of Hell and exterminating monsters in a cheerful yet challenging atmosphere.
Drill to kill shooting is fun but shooting from a super sawing jetpack that can drill through walls and squash monsters into chunks is better. Hell Yeah! gives you full frontal violence in your face.
This game is too BIG for you 10 huge game worlds with secret areas and side quests, hundreds of objects, weapons and monsters to collect. If you’re a completionist, you’re screwed man.
Help us make Hell a cleaner place there are 100 unique monsters to exterminate in Hell Yeah! Some are rude, others are really ugly but they all equally deserve to DIE!
‘Finish him’ moves that will make your mama cry inflict ultimate humiliation on the monsters of Hell using over 30 deadly “Finish him!” mini-games.
Pimp my drill collect loot and spend your cash in big shops where you can buy bigger guns and awesome upgrades for your ride. The donut driller skin and the ‘Sploding Carrot missile launcher make a lovely combo.

System Requirements

Processor: Intel Core 2 DUO @ 2.4 GHz/Athlon 64 X2 4200+ & above
Memory: 1 GB RAM (2 GB on Vista)
Graphics: DirectX 10 compatible graphic card with at least 512 MB RAM
DirectX®: 10 and above
Hard Drive: 2 GB

Title: Hell Yeah! Wrath of the Dead Rabbit
Genre: Action, Platformer
Developer: Arkedo
Publisher: SEGA
Release Date: Oct 3, 2012
Languages: English*, French, German, Italian, Spanish / *languages with full audio support 