Official Web Site:  http://www.sandvox.com/
App Store Web Site  : http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sandvox/id455413521?mt=12

Welcome to Sandvox

With Sandvox, you can build beautiful websites easily and quickly … with no HTML expertise. Yet, as easy-to-use as Sandvox is, it holds powerful features: the ability to add blogs; create photo galleries; and so much more — all from an elegant interface designed for those who want professional results without any hassles. That’s Sandvox.

Only Sandvox lets you drag and drop content, integrate with Twitter and Facebook, add YouTube videos and more, AND see exactly what it looks like right on the screen, as you go, even before you hit the Publish button. With Sandvox, no “preview” feature is needed, since what you see in the editing window represents exactly what your website will look like.

Need a Slick Website? Need it fast?

You can do it yourself in only minutes with Sandvox, in drag-and-drop fashion, and output your website in the latest HTML5 standard. Easily add your images, movies and content to any Sandvox website design and publish your own site… FAST.

Let Sandvox Do All The Work

Sandvox does the “heavy lifting” of creating the code for your website, behind the scenes! Use Sandvox’s clean, familiar, Mac-style interface to choose a site design framework from the ready-to-go Sandvox gallery of designs (there are dozens from which to select). Build your web pages by adding text, dragging and dropping photos, videos, and more… and then publish! Sandvox websites are built with HTML 5, and are compatible with all popular web browsers across both the Mac and PC platforms, as well as mobile devices and tablets like iPhone and iPad. With Sandvox, creating a beautiful website really is no fuss, no muss.

What Will I Need?

The information you want to share on your website — and Sandvox — are all you need. Just gather the images you want to use, write or organize the other “content” you want to publish, and you’re ready to go! The two things you won’t need are HTML or design expertise. Sandvox takes care of all that for you.

iWeb Users: Move Up to Sandvox

Looking for an iWeb alternative? Whether you’re getting ready to move from MobileMe, or just looking to move up, Sandvox 2 is the perfect iWeb replacement. Karelia Software, and the Sandvox community, has a long history of welcoming folks moving up from iWeb-created sites to a tool that is more powerful, more flexible, and optimized for search engines. That’s Sandvox. If you’re considering making the move, we’ve outlined what you need to know in advance, and what others who have made the transition have to say.

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.5 or greater

--- PLEASE SEED ---