Follow my uploads here:                                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

MEET CRANKY!
Cranky is the toughest alligator around and he has worked up an appetite from sabotaging Swampy’s water supply. He eats anything, especially all the rotting and disgusting junk found in the dumps and sewers.

Cranky will not eat vegetables however, and now his food is covered with vegetable-like algae. Use the dirty purple water to clean off Cranky’s plate so he can eat!

Swampy’s Story
The fun is just beginning. The story of Swampy unfolds as you play. Swampy’s cute, he’s funny, he just wants to take a shower with his beloved rubber ducky. In Swampy’s Story, play seven themed chapters over 140 levels. Collect Swampy’s ducks and shower items to unlock new puzzles and bonus levels. FREE levels are added to Swampy’s Story regularly! 

Cranky’s Story
Cranky is the toughest alligator around and so are his puzzles! Play the first two chapters across 40 levels and test your puzzle solving skills with Crank’s Challenge. Cranky’s Challenge is a game within a game. Four unique puzzle packs with 16 total levels for the most-skilled puzzle solvers.

Humorous story moments and richly-detailed graphics bring this subterranean world to life! Check for updates often.

    AMAZING LIFELIKE FLUID PHYSICS  Go with the flow! Swipe, slosh, and splash to guide fresh water, dirty water, and ooze through increasingly challenging scenarios.  
    COLLECTIBLES, CHALLENGES, AND BONUS LEVELS  Collect Swampy’s shower items and complete Cranky’s Challenge to unlock bonus levels. “Tri-Duck” each chapter and tap around for secret levels and even more surprises! Visitfor more hints, tips and secrets.  

Every drop counts in Where’s My Water? — A refreshing puzzler filled with good clean gaming fun

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 21, 2012)

    HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWAMPY! Celebrate with Swampy and his pals! Look for a special gift on the main menu and help Swampy blow out the candle on his birthday cake!
    The Lost Levels are getting bigger – now with 10 more levels for FREE! Also if you purchased the Mystery Duck mode enjoy 40 more levels. That’s over 140 levels in the Mystery Duck mode with more on the way.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+




                                By bobiras2009		