Games : Windows : Full Game : English


About the Game

Adapt to Survive ΓÇö An epic story thrusts players into an ever-changing environment, forcing them to adapt their tactics and approach to conquer battlefields ranging from newly frozen jungle to zero-gravity alien environments.
Suit up! ΓÇö A high-tech Nanosuit allows gamers to augment their abilities in real time on the battlefield. Players can choose to enhance their speed, strength, armor and cloaking abilities to approach situations in creative tactical ways.
Customizable Weaponry ΓÇö A huge arsenal of modular weaponry gives gamers unprecedented control over their play style. Blow the opposition away with experimental weapons, discover alien technology and utilize custom ammunition from incendiary-tipped rounds to tactical munitions that can silently put foes to sleep......

System Requirements

Minimum:
Supported OS: Windows XP or Windows Vista***
Processor: 2.8 GHz or faster (XP) or 3.2 GHz or faster* (Vista)
Memory: 1.0 GB RAM (XP) or 1.5 GB RAM (Vista)
Graphics: 256 MB**
DirectX Version: DirectX 9.0c
Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Hard Drive: 7 GB
* Supported Processors: Intel Pentium 4 2.8 GHz (3.2 GHz for Vista) or faster, Intel Core 2.0 GHz (2.2 GHz for Vista) or faster, AMD Athlon 2800+ (3200+ for Vista) or faster.
** Supported chipsets: NVIDIA GeForce 6800 GT or greater; ATI Radeon 9800 Pro (Radeon X800 Pro for Vista) or greater. Laptop versions of these chipsets may work but are not supported. Integrated chipsets are not supported. Updates to your video and sound card drivers may be required.



Notes:
This version of Crysis include 1.2.1 update patch.
This game require NetFramework 3.5 and Visual C++ Redistributable installed.
You can play full game Single Player.
To play Multiplayer : open game - Multiplayer - Create Account (is free) - Play Online.
Tested on Windows XP 32-bit and on Windows XP 64-bit working well.


DO NOT TRY TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH STEAM APPLICATION OPENED ,CLOSE (LOGOUT) STEAM THEN RUN THIS GAME !!!!


More info and support here :
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=69.msg272#msg272



If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .