EN:"Balancing on the edge of a knife.That's how we live our lives." The Lland is dying. yet one place In the Empire remains untouched by the scourge - Lazulis Island. Zael heads there with his friends to seek his fortune and knighthood. but instead finds a mysterios power.A beautiful stranger and an adventure beyond his wildest dreams.
(From Cover)


The game includes abilities such as "Gathering", which allows Zael to draw the attention of enemies to buy time for his allies to cast spells. Another ability called "Focus" allows you to make long range attacks and see the weaknesses of enemies. A sequence in the first trailer for the game shows an example of the focus ability being used to cast fire magic to destroy a bridge with enemies on it. Pointers show which allies are being targeted at any given time.

The game also features a cover system and over the shoulder viewpoint, while making use of rapid fire crossbows in a manner similar to third-person shooters. In addition, the game also features real-time strategy elements, allowing the player to issue commands to other characters in real-time. This includes directing allies, telling magic users to destroy bridges, or archers to attack specific enemies, for example. The game also features stealth elements, such as the abilities to "hide behind cover and pepper unsuspecting guards with arrows, luring them out on their own for a stealth attack, or pick off dangerous mages and healers from a distance"

The game also contains 6-player cooperative and competitive online modes, where users either team up to face monsters or battle each other. The game also features online multiplayer modes such as Suppression, where players team up to take on a boss for special rewards, and Fray, a player-versus-player battle royale deathmatch or team deathmatch mode which allows up to six players to fight each other using the character of their choice and even enemy monsters.
(From Wiki)

Note: You can put this game in ISO format but in that form its well over 7gigs i recomand you but it at the slowest rate possable 
Note2: TPB seems to have been down for almost everyone please keep support of TPB