Ripped in Winamp Pro
Bitrate: VBR 192Kbps 44Khz Joint Stereo

Category	Rock/Pop, Hard Rock, Rock

Product Description

"The Game Of Love" (w/ Michelle Branch) won the 2003 Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration With Vocals.

Features the track "Let Me Love You Tonight," which replaces "Since Supernatural."

On Santana's second Arista album, SHAMAN, the formula that turned SUPERNATURAL into a multi-platinum comeback machine is employed again with equally positive results. Carlos and his returning band of semi-regulars play backup to a revolving door of hit-making lead singers. Consequently, the album is a mixed, multi-format bag of great singles, each of which feature lots of Carlos's distinctive lead guitar (placed appropriately high in the mix).

This time out there's even more variety. Apparently not satisfied with simply crossing over, album co-producer Clive Davis ambitiously brokered an album that attempts to snare record buyers of every conceivable type. To this end, SHAMAN includes not only Latin, R&B, rap, and rock tracks, but also features grunge, classical and Nu Metal. Amazingly, the record is much more cohesive than would seem possible, sounding utterly contemporary and radio-ready throughout. Regardless of its disparate elements, SHAMAN is one thing for sure: a stunning pop record.

Import version of star-studded 2002 album replaces the Wyclef Jean produced track, 'Since Supernatural' with 'Let Me Love You Tonight'. Guests include Michelle Branch, Nickelback's Chad Kroeger, Seal, Macy Gray, P.O. D., Ozomatli, Musiq & Placido Domingo.

Personnel includes: Carlos Santana (vocals, acoustic 12-stirng, nylon string & electric guitars, keyboards, timbales, rainstick); Rene Martinez (acoustic guitar); Musiq, Michelle Branch, Seal, Macy Gray, Chad Kroeger, Andy Vargas, JB Eckl, Alejandro Lerner, Placido Domingo, Dido, Melkie Jean, Governor Washington (vocals); Fernando "Toby" Tobon (electric guitar, cuatro, mandolin, bass, backgrond vocals); Ulises Bella (saxophone); Asdru Sierra (trumpet); Arturo Velasco (trombone); Jose Gaviria (keyboards, background vocals); Chester Thompson, Andres Munera (keyboards); John Ginty (organ, keyboards); Me'Shell Ndegeocello, Benny Reitveld (bass); Rodney Blade, Michael Shrieve (drums); Karl Perazzo (congas, percussion); Dan Shea (programming); Kike Santander, Cori Rooney, Shelene Thomas, Ozomalti, Ola Taylor, Pauline Taylor (background vocals).

P.O. D: Sonny (vocals); Marco (guitar); Traa (bass); Wuv (drums).



Entertainment Weekly (10/25/02, pp. 73-4) - "... Ultimately, the real angel on Santana's shoulder is his guitar... " - Rating: B-
Mojo (Publisher) (1/03, p. 97) - "... [The] old time Latin rockers sway seductively. The R&B connections work... ".

TRACK LISTING:

1	Adouma
2	Nothing at All
3	Game Of Love
4	You Are My Kind
5	Amore (Sexo)
6	Foo Foo
7	Victory Is Won
8	America
9	Sideways
10	Why Don't You and I
11	Feels Like Fire
12	Let Me Love You Tonight
13	Aye Aye Aye
14	Hoy Es Adios
15	One of These Days
16	Novus

Kindly assist in seeding to keep the torrent alive. Thanks.

Enjoy!