Update:

ΓÇó Freeze in Career Mode after acquiring youth scouts.
ΓÇó An invisible ball appearing in other game modes after exiting FIFA 13: Ultimate Team.
ΓÇó Temporary removal of Guest Play in FIFA 13: Ultimate Team.
ΓÇó Rare disconnect in the FIFA Points purchase flow. 


FEATURES

Improved Career Mode with major changes developed in response to requests from the most passionate fans of the franchise.
New features to enhance the massive EA SPORTS FIFA online offering, including improvements to the wildly popular Head-To-Head Seasons mode
Multiple new features and benefits to EA SPORTS Football Club, the live service that is the heartbeat of FIFA
Complete authenticity with more than 500 officially licensed clubs.

System requirements Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz, 2 GB RAM, graphic card 256 MB (GeForce 8800 GT or better), Windows XP/Vista/7


Install:

 1. Install in your Fifa13 folder
 2. Follow the following steps if you havn't already done them.
 3. Before you start the game, use your firewall to block all exe files in
      the game's install directory from going online. Use the game setup
      before starting as well. It can be found in the following directory:
      <install>Gamefifasetup
 4. Play the game. While in game, avoid all of the online options. If you
      have Origin installed, it may start it up. If that happens, ignore the
      prompt, play offline, and don't login.
 5. Enjoy!


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13532.0

We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for peope with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team



                                                      
