  One year after, a worldwide cataclysmic event that wiped most of the human 
  race, a man struggles for survival in a desolate city as he tries to reunite 
  with his long lost wife and daughter. In this post-apocalyptical tale, there 
  are no supernatural threats, just an everyman who faces a decaying and 
  hazardous world and humanity's darkest inclinations. Will you hang on to 
  your humanity and help strangers or are you ready to sacrifice others in 
  order to survive?
  
  The dead city of Haventon, immersive and treacherous
  
  Explore the destroyed, crumbling city across different atmospheric levels, 
  climbing your way to safety. Environments tell the story of the world as it 
  stood before and of what has happened to the city and its people.
  
  Unpredictable encounters

  Survivors will adopt different behaviors and adapt to your actions. Some 
  are friendly and need assistance, some are scared and others are hostile 
  and will use group tactics to take you down. Will you go out of your way 
  and sacrifice your few precious resources to help those in need?
  
  Intimidation-based combat

  Combat is deadly and ammo is scarce. Players will have to use deception to 
  deal with enemies. Cowards may bow down fast to the threat of an empty gun, 
  but aggressive enemies will put you to the test.
  
  Stamina and resource management

  Every effort has its cost. Manage your stamina skillfully to gain access 
  to hidden. Look for resources and supplies scattered throughout the city: 
  water, food, gas, medicine, tools, climbing gears, weapons, ammo and 
  anything else that you can salvage from the destroyed city could prove 
  helpful in your quest.


How To:

1.Install 
2.Play from desktop shortcut
3.Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

You don`t need any crack or serial

More info and support here: 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13339.0


If you like this game seed it to others