The Pines
Sacred Heart Music Center
Duluth, MN
5-19-12

-Audience Recording using Zoom H2 rear internal mics >SD Card>PC>Adobe Audition>CD Wave Editor (split tracks)>TLH>FLAC Level 8 
-"A "MN Gneiss" recording" 
-Feel free to re-master, share on any other torrent site, convert to MP3, just never ever sell it. Also, if you like this show, why not support the artist by buying their music? 


"Sacred Heart is happy to host the Pines in concert to celebrate the release of their new CD Dark So Gold.

Rising out of the prairies of the Midwest, The Pines are one of the most distinct and powerful indie-rock/Americana groups to hit the national scene in years. Emerging from the same Minneapolis music world that spawned such notable acts as The Jayhawks, The Replacements and Bob Dylan, The Pines have gathered a stunning line-up of musical talent, in both their live shows and on record, that has gained them a faithful and growing following. Frontmen Benson Ramsey and David Huckfelt share a common musical language rooted in the songs and songwriters of their native Iowa, while each bringing a distinct voice and sensibility to the sound that Rolling Stone senior writer David Fricke called “quietly gripping” stark-country. The mysterious sound of The Pines fuses Benson’s ethereal, otherworldly, heart-piercing songs with David’s earthy, darkly romantic and rough-hewn visionary tales. With masterful guitar work, beautiful vocals and the graceful keyboard and vocal additions of Benson’s brother Alex Ramsey, the core of The Pines’ sound captivates and elevates with rare intimacy.

A great live act whether performing as a stripped-down trio (David Huckfelt, Benson Ramsey and Alex Ramsey) or as a full rock band, The Pines’ devoted cult following and has led them to share the stage with such diverse acts as Bon Iver, Mavis Staples, The Arcade Fire, Iris DeMent, Mason Jennings and Spider John Koerner. The Pines just finished a North American tour with Mason Jennings in twenty-five cities, opening for him and playing in his band.

In 2012, they will be hitting the road again, touring in support of their new album. They will also be showcasing at this year’s South By Southwest (SXSW) Conference, where they have been a big hit with both critics and fans. For their full schedule, please visit www.thepinesmusic.com or www.redhouserecords.com.

Opening the show will be Erik Koskinen, a multi- talented singer, songwriter, guitarist and producer known for his solo work and participation in bands such as Dead Man Winter and Molly Maher and Her Disbelievers."

 
http://www.thepinesmusic.com/index.html



Erik Koskinen

1. Crying On The Inside
2. Pretty Girls
3. Money And Blood
4. Slow Burn
5. ?
6. Sorrowville
7. Detroit Detroit
8. I Love You Baby


The Pines

1. Cry Cry Crow
2. If By Morning
3. Don't Let Me Go
4. Heart And Bones
5. Pray Tell
6. Without A Kiss
7. Throw Me In the River
8. Midnight Sun
9. Shine On Moon
10. Be There in Bells
11. Chimes
12. All The While
13. Rise Up and Be Lonely
14. Shiny Shoes
15. Goin' Home