Destined to Feel & Destined to Play of the Destined to series, by Indigo Bloome in PDF.



Destined to Play:

When 37-year-old psychologist, Alexandra Blake, leaves her comfortable suburban existence to give a series of lectures , she meets up with Dr Jeremy Quinn, the man who opened her eyes and body to the world in ways she never thought possible.
After a few glasses of champagne in his luxurious hotel penthouse, he presents her with an extraordinary proposition. Alexandra knows that they never promise each other something they can’t commit to and that he will challenge her every inhibition.
But she soon finds herself seduced into a level of surrender – and danger – she could never have imagined.

Destined to Play is the first book in the Avalon trilogy exploring the intricate relationships between trust and betrayal, desire and love, risk … and reward. If you liked 50 Shades of Grey, you will love Destined to Play.


Product details

    Paperback: 288 pages
    Publisher: Harper (16 Aug 2012)
    Language: English
   



Destined to Feel (Avalon 2):

The second in the intensely erotic Avalon series that started with Destined to Play. Perfect for anyone who was seduced by 50 Shades of Grey.

First he opened her mind. Now she must really feel…

Psychologist Alexandra Blake has been awakened sexually by her lover, Jeremy Quinn. Their erotic journey has seen Alexandra explore her innermost sexual fantasies and pushed her boundaries to their very limit.

Her world is plunged into uncertainty when she is abducted in London and Alexandra finds herself caught up in a dangerous game being played out in the shadows. Her captors want to use her to explore the darkest enigma of female sexuality and Alexandra is powerless to escape – but does she even want to? How far will Alexandra be willing to go to satisfy her curiosity and her desires? Is this a game too far, or is there still everything to play for…

The next thrilling erotic adventure from the creator of Destined to Play.


Product details

    Paperback: 288 pages
    Language: English