PHP & MySQL: The Missing Manual, 2nd Edition


OΓÇÖReilly Media; 2nd Edition (November 2012) | ISBN: 1449325572 | PDF | 546 

pages | 38.5 MB
 
If you can build websites with CSS and javascript, this book takes you to the 

next levelΓÇöcreating dynamic, database-driven websites with PHP and MySQL. 

Learn how to build a database, manage your content, and interact with users. 

With step-by-step tutorials, this completely revised edition gets you started 

with expanded coverage of the basics and takes you deeper into the world of 

server-side programming.
 
 
 
The important stuff you need to know:
 
Get up to speed quickly. Learn how to install PHP and MySQL, and get them 

running on both your computer and a remote server.
Gain new techniques. Take advantage of the all-new chapter on integrating PHP 

with HTML web pages.
Manage your content. Use the file system to access user data, including images 

and other binary files.
Make it dynamic. Create pages that change with each new viewing.
Build a good database. Use MySQL to store user information and other data.
Keep your site working. Master the tools for fixing things that go wrong.
Control operations. Create an administrative interface to oversee your site.
 
Table of Contents
 
Part I: PHP and MySQL Basics
Chapter 1. PHP: What, Why, and Where?
Chapter 2. PHP Meets HTML
Chapter 3. PHP Syntax: Weird and Wonderful
Chapter 4. MySQL and SQL: Database and Language
 
Part II: Dynamic Web Pages
Chapter 5. Connecting PHP to MySQL
Chapter 6. Regular Expressions
Chapter 7. Generating Dynamic Web Pages
 
Part III: From Web Pages to Web Applications
Chapter 8. When Things Go Wrong (and They Will)
Chapter 9. Handling Images and Complexity
Chapter 10. Binary Objects and Image Loading
Chapter 11. Listing, Iterating, and Administrating
 
Part IV: Security and the Real World
Chapter 12. Authentication and Authorization
Chapter 13. Cookies, Sign-Ins, and Ditching Crummy Pop-Ups
Chapter 14. Authorization and Sessions
 
Part V: Appendixes
Appendix A. Installing PHP on Windows Without WAMP
Appendix B. Installing MySQL Without MAMP or WAMP