Up with Chris Hayes; Sunday, November 25, 2012.

Joining Chris were:

Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN), Katrina vanden Heuvel (editor and publisher of The Nation magazine), Hussein Ibish (senior fellow at the American Task Force on Palestine and executive director of the Hala Salaam Maksoud Foundation for Arab-American Leadership), Heather Hurlburt (executive director of the National Security Network which is a progressive think tank, and frmr speechwriter and member of the policy planning team in the State Department under the Clinton administration) disussed the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas, and the role the United States can and should play in bringing about a permanent resolution to the conflict. As part of that discussion, Chris also aird an especially revealing clip they've unearthed of Barack Obama in 2004, at the time a newly elected senator from Illinois, talking about the causes of terrorism.

Tarek Masoud (associate professor of public policy at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government), Reza Aslan, (author of "No god but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam," and an adjunct senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations) replaced Katrina vanden Heuvel and Rep. Steve Cohen on the panel [but they shifted seats new order: Hurlburt, Masoud, Ibish, and Aslan] they examined Egypt's president, Mohamed Morsi, who helped broker the ceasefire and has proved considerably more savvy than his critics and supporters expected. A day after cementing the ceasefire, Morsi claimed for himself vast powers in Egypt's government.

Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN), Katrina vanden Heuvel rejoined and Rula Jebreal (MSNBC contributor, Newsweek magazine contributor), and Eli Lake (senior national security reporter for Newsweek and The Daily Beast) joined, Heather Hurlburt stayed the panel discussed  brewing battle over Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who's on President Obama's short-list for Secretary of State in a second term.

The latest panel stayed for 'Now We Know'.