Talk Talk - It's My Life [Extended Version promo].VOB


Very HQ rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "It's My Life" is a song by the synthpop band Talk Talk. Written by Mark Hollis and Tim Friese-Greene, it was the title track on the band's second album in 1984. The song was released as a single in January 1984, then again in 1985, and a third time in 1990 when it finally became a hit and reached number 13 in the UK. In 2003, it was covered by No Doubt whose version also made the UK Top 20. 

Talk Talk began as a quartet consisting of Mark Hollis (vocals), Simon Brenner (keyboards), Lee Harris (drums) and Paul Webb (bass guitar). They were generally associated with the New Romantic movement; more specifically, in their early years, they were often compared with Duran Duran, as both bands sported a name which was a single word repeated twice, a Roxy Music-inspired musical direction, and shared the same record label (EMI) and producer (Colin Thurston). 

In their later years the band's commercial appeal receded, but their critical reputation increased as they moved from synthpop to a more experimental form. Their final two albums, Spirit of Eden and Laughing Stock, were highly acclaimed and remain influential to experimental alternative rock genres, especially post-rock. 

Talk Talk's influence upon musicians has exceeded the band's visibility among the general public. Along with the band Slint, Talk Talk are credited with inventing post-rock in their last two albums, Spirit of Eden and Laughing Stock. Sigur Ros has played Talk Talk songs before their shows. 

Bands and artists that have claimed to be influenced by and/or a fan of Talk Talk include Portishead, Bark Psychosis, The Catherine Wheel, Lights, Radiohead and DJ Shadow. The band Weezer covered their song "Life's What You Make It" and No Doubt scored a hit with a cover of "It's My Life" in 2003. John Taylor of Duran Duran also has expressed fondness for the group; Talk Talk opened for Duran Duran back in 1982. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It%27s_My_Life_(Talk_Talk_song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/paHfEAAEm 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9800kbps
   Audio: MPEG Digital Audio 48000Hz stereo 320kbps
   Duration: 00:06:10




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.5


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	