Source is at http://archive.org/details/ReporterForcedBackByMayodanPoliceForAskingSenatorPhilBergerAQuestion

NOTICE--Video Backed up from the Official USWGO YouTube channel before USWGO Alternative News was forced offline due to some kind of government censorship task force.--NOTICE --RIP! USWGO Alternative News and farewell to Brian D. Hill a great reporter/journalist, truth seeker, always provides credible sources, and was slowly becoming the first autistic disabled young man to take on the government corruption and World Government Agenda so enjoy the videos that are archived as his videos he still kept up are being deleted right and left. His site may be gone but his achievements he published online will always be in the hearts of private detectives, investigators, researchers, and truth seekers not to mention Anti New World Order activists rebellious to the New World Order. Description and Title were collected from the USWGO Channel as well.
--Notice over--

The Mayodan Chief of Police forced me, Brian D. Hill, back from state senator Phil Berger and got in my face as you see in the video. I was also booted from the town council room and will likely be banned from the Mayodan Town Council. There is extra audio recording of the incident but got intimidated and tried to get out of there. So asking State Senator Phil Berger a question is a crime. When I was intimidated by the chief of police and a little threat was put in at me I promised out of fear that I wouldn't approach him right at the town council bench again. So I pretty much cannot give him petitions or anything anymore. I guess Phil Berger is really a cohort of a Bilderberger the way he acts!!!!

Comment Added by ArchiveTruthProtector:

This is a historical video of a reporter Brian D. Hill whom has ran a Alternative News website for over 3 years being attacked right and left (Righthaven, website hacks, death threats, threats, other attacks, harassment) to get him to shut down his website and cease his patriotic activities, the chief of police as you have seen in the video never asked him to leave the town council chambers but was getting him to leave against his will simply because he questioned that state senator Phil Berger Sr. Phil Berger is apart of the New World Order and it is all on record when you research the North Carolina state board of elections records when his campaign contributions from two of the six mega banks that bragged that they conquered America (Wells Fargo, Bank of America). Whether this Berger guy is aware of it or not he is apart of the New World Order master plan to infiltrate and conquer the state governments so that people cannot get the states to fight the corruption in the Federal Government as it will be impossible with people like Phil Berger taking over the state legislatures. What the chief of police did in that small town of Mayodan was a violation of human and civil rights as asking questions is a reporters right and duty in Freedom of the Press. As long as the reporter is not interfering with the official government actions and duties a reporter has a right to videotape and ask questions without being arrested or booted out of official government buildings. That police officer was in the wrong and now Brian's website has disappeared likely due to background pressure from Phil Berger's people although we have no evidence as of it directly proving involvement but it is just speculation that the chief of police was involved with the state senator to crackdown and ruin the reporter to protect the state senators image. It's all about dirty politics and fake republicans working for six private mega banks that brag on CNBC and the financial times of London that they have conquered America with their foreign banker takeover of the United States of America.