Winstanley (1976)
B/W 95 minutes
It Happened Here Again  45 minutes (color)
640x480

IMDb tt0073911

From the Wiki:

Winstanley is the title of a film made in 1975 in the UK by Kevin Brownlow and Andrew Mollo, based on the 1961 David Caute novel Comrade Jacob.
Runtime 2 hrs 20 mins

This deals with some of the life story of the 17th Century social reformer and writer Gerrard Winstanley, who, along with a small band of followers known as the Diggers tried to establish a self-sufficient farming community on common land at St. George's Hill near Cobham, Surrey. This was one of the world's first socialistic living experiments which was copied elsewhere in England during the time of the Protectorate of Oliver Cromwell, but was quickly suppressed and in the end left only a legacy of ideas to inspire later generations of socialist theorists. Great efforts were made to produce a film of high historical accuracy. Armour used was actual armour from the 1640s, borrowed from the Tower of London.

Directed by Kevin Brownlow Andrew Mollo 
Produced by Andrew Mollo Kevin Brownlow 
Written by David Caute (novel) Kevin Brownlow 

My notes

This torrent includes the featurette Making-Of film on Winstanley called ΓÇ£It Happened here AgainΓÇ¥.  The torrent is given from the DVD release (2009) mastered from the original film.  The dvd contains more information and extras.  Encourage your library to purchase this film for it's historic value.

Those who appreciate the work of Peter Watkins (La Commune Paris 1871, Colloden, The War Game, Freethinker, and The Universal Clock etc) will see similarities in this work.  La Commune is available as a torrent which I keep going permanently.

Kevin Brownlow also made a film called "It Happened Here" ( from which the title of the malking-og film above was taken.  That is an alternate history of Britain after World War II in which the Nazi's won the war.  Brownlow's work is very spare like Watkins' Colloden and other films made with the bare minimum resources.  They should give inpsiration to new generations of independent filmmakers.

The film began circulating as torrent at the beginning of the Occupy Wall Street movement and Winstanley and the Diggers were an influence on some commune movments one of which called themselves The Diggers in the late 1960's.  It is prophetic then, that the dvd box of this film has the tagline:

  "The Revolution Begins Here."



Notes written January 2, 2013




