A.View.To.A.Gape.4.DiSC1.XXX.DVDRiP.XviD-DivXfacTory
A.View.To.A.Gape.4.DiSC2.XXX.DVDRiP.XviD-DivXfacTory

Italian sex maniac Omar Galanti is a porn director on a mission. The anally crazed stud is driven to gaze deep within the assholes of beautiful girls. His deluxe two-disc release A View To A Gape 4 could be described as one mans search for the perfect rectal cavity, and it stars six of the most stunning butt sluts on the European porn scene. Omar wont stop until every ladys rectum is spread wide for his and our inspection! Fleshy, raven-haired Kaylee Blanc meets the director and young stud Markus in the kitchen. They give her a three-way serving of butt reaming and double-penetration. Next, fishnet-clad, smoking slut Tonya Nats gives Omar an epic, slobbery blow job and receives a vicious ass fucking in return. Kendra has huge natural boobs and braces on her teeth. She takes on two cocks in a twisted session of plastic bondage and sodomy that earns her two cum facials. Pierced, tattooed and purple-haired, kinky Aspid submits to a thorough anal pounding; she expands her sphincter and tastes Omars giant prick ass-to-mouth before he spurts his spunk onto her sexy face. Brown-haired teen beauty Casey Donal has her fine ass masterfully defiled, and trashy Lina rides the directors huge knob, making her booty dilate lewdly, until he sprays her with his spermy load. They say the most important lessons are learned by looking deep within. Omars A View to a Gape 4 is the fucking truth!
Omar Galantis A View To A Gape 4 is a double-disc DVD with cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list and trailers.

Featuring: Kaylee Blanc, Tonya Nats, Kendra, Aspid, Casey Donal, Lina, Omar Galanti, Markus

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=dzh2qziufg032sngttui.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=yhl7nbyugjs49yfzrib2.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=qi1ruwhz80lyucdykql1.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=wz1miv1hr5dhrkbg8r9g.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=xklumvtkwptoboy9z3ua.jpg



