POtHS - Prophetic Times - 59 - Apocalypse 2012 Prophecies Vol 10 - Russias Secret Weapon To Defeat America


POtHS Comments on This one: This is really good.

Description:
The Prophecy Club - Bill Schnoebelen - Russias Secret Weapon To Defeat America (HAARP, Scalar Weapons)

Bill Schnoebelen discloses astounding news on Russia's Secret Weapons to Defeat America! Bill reveals technology the Russians have that knock out anything on the land, on the sea, under the sea, or in the air; rendering all conventional weapons of war obsolete against the Soviet energetics weapons. Discover the new world of "scalar waves" and how they will change the world, technology, and how we conduct war - forever.

Tags:haarp,climate-change,earth-quakes,global-warming,radar,scalar,weapon,weather



JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)