RELEASE NOTES

When the wife of the best-selling writer Alan Wake disappears on their
vacation, his search turns up pages from a thriller he doesn't even
remember writing. A Dark Presence stalks the small town of Bright
Falls, pushing Wake to the brink of sanity in his fight to unravel the
mystery and save his love.

Presented in the style of a TV series, Alan Wake features the trademark
Remedy storytelling and pulse-pounding action sequences. As players
dive deeper and deeper into the mystery, theyll face overwhelming
odds, plot twists, and cliffhangers. Its only by mastering the Fight
With Light combat mechanic that they can stay one step ahead of the
darkness that spreads across Bright Falls.

With the body of an action game and the mind of a psychological
thriller, Alan Wake's intense atmosphere, deep and multilayered story,
and exceptionally tense combat sequences provide players with an
entertaining and original gaming experience.

Enhanced for the PC features:

Includes Alan Wake Special Episodes "The Signal" and "The Writer"

Experience Alan Wake's Pacific Northwest in higher resolutions and
higher fidelity than the Xbox360 version.

Fully configurable mouse and keyboard support, or if you prefer to
play with the Microsoft gamepad connected to your PC, you can do that
too

Lots of customizable graphics settings and support for 4:3, 16:9 and
16:10 aspect ratios

Multithreaded engine that takes advantage of quad core CPUs.

Additional features our fans have sought after such as field of view
adjustment as well as "hide HUD".

Works with AMD Eyefinity 3D 3-screen mode.

Works with NVIDIA NVISION2 Stereoscopic 3D

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the Zzagor folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content on the DVD, for
setting language of your choice.