Lionel Bart's wonderful musical adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic was the first London stage musical to be transplanted to Broadway with the same kind of sensation it received in Britain-- something that is now common in these post-Cats/Les Miserables times. Although no one from this British cast ever became enormously famous (future Monkee Davy Jones was in the Broadway cast)--and Sir Carol Reed's film version receives all the critical accolades--this remains the better recording, featuring all the songs cut from the film, while excluding the film's musical interludes that simply seem annoying without the visuals. Just compare Bruce Brochnik to the film's Mark Lester in the title role. Or Clive Revill to Ron Moody's Fagin. Or any of the principals, for that matter--and the differences are remarkable. --Bill Holdship


1. Overture/Food Glorious Food
2. Oliver!
3. I Shall Scream
4. Boy for Sale/Where Is Love?
5. Consider Yourself
6. You've Got to Pick a Pocket or Two
7. It's a Fine Life
8. I'd Do Anything
9. Be Back Soon
10. Oom-Pah-Pah
11. My Name
12. As Long as He Needs Me
13. Who Will Buy?
14. Reviewing the Situation
15. As Long as He Needs Me (Reprise)
16. Reviewing the Situation (Reprise)
17. Finale

2003 Deluxe Edition:
18. Oliver!, musical: Finale
19. Oliver!, musical: That's Your Funeral (Bonus Track)
20. Oliver!, musical: You've Got to Pick a Pocket or Two (Bonus Track)
21. Oliver!, musical: Reviewing the Situation (Bonus Track)
22. Oliver!, musical: As Long As He Needs Me (Bonus Track)
23. Interview with Donald Pippin (Spoken Word): Getting the job
24. Interview with Donald Pippin (Spoken Word): The recording sessions
25. Interview with Donald Pippin (Spoken Word): What a musical director has to know with children in the cast; Shirley Temple
26. Interview with Donald Pippin (Spoken Word): Differences between the London and New York productions
27. Interview with Donald Pippin (Spoken Word): The pit and the producer; winning the Tony Award 