Note:This review is completely based on the first episode of the anime.

I took notice of this anime right when it came out, but I was reluctant to watch it because its a reverse harem story∩╝êone girl and a bunch of men). My motivation to watch this anime is because one of the voice actor is Tomokazu Sugita. 

The first episode did turn out to be about what I had expected since it does a have a very ordinary setting of a girl having special powers moving into a new place and meeting lots of new boys. The way the heroine met the male characters was rather... normal... The heroine had individual conversations with a couple of male characters, but the special powers of the heroine was also hevily mentioned, so we cannot determine if this anime is heavier on the action part or heavier on the romance part.

From the first episode, we can see that this anime is a quite story line heavy anime but it is not too serious that it will disturb the audience.

Since it's only the first episode and the setting is not something very unique, I will only talk about the art and the characters. 

Art 7/10 Very friendly-to-the-eye style of drawing(meaning most people would not be bothered by the art). The back ground was not bad, it also just seemed too..normal... Generally not bad. The only thing that made me give the arts part a 7 instead of 8 is the monsters, they look very cheaply made. There could be a reason to that since the main negative force could be something more devastating or something with a more unique feature, but since its only the first episode, we cannot really determine that. 

Character 8/10 The characters were drawn in a friendly to the eye fashion and as a male audience, I did not in particular dislike the visual illustration of any characters. As usual, all the male characters have unique features that the heroine may either like or dislike, but they all seem to be good people.


I think this series is mainly made for female audiences, but I am not sure since I have not talked to any girls about this anime. This series is definitely male friendly, so there are no BL scenes since so far and since the heroine is the central character. This anime is definitely not a very unique and a must-watch anime, but the story and the interactions between that heroine and the multiple male characters could be interesting.


Alternative Titles
Synonyms: Scarlet Fragment
Japanese: τ╖ïΦë▓πü«μ¼áτëç

Information
Type: TV
Episodes: 26
Status: Currently Airing
Aired: Mar 6, 2012 to ?
Producers: Studio Deen
Genres: Action, Romance, Shoujo
Duration: Unknown
Rating: PG-13 - Teens 13 or older
