Ships (Make it Work! Science)
By Andrew Haslam
Two-Can Publishers | April 2000 | ISBN-10: 1587283603 | PDF | 48 pages | 23.1 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Ships-Make-Science-Andrew-Haslam/dp/1587283603
scanned to PDF by me

The MAKE it WORK! SCIENCE series, winner of the American Institute of Physics Science Writing Awa rd, offers a new, hands-on approach to learning.

* Be a scientist and conduct your own experiments.
* Discover science facts through imaginative activities.
* Develop your scientific thinking by making science work.

* How do different materials and shapes behave in water?
* What is displacement and how can it keep a supertanker afloat?
* How do submarines dive and resurface?
* How do sailboats harness the power of the wind?

This book explores the world of ships,from early wood and skin boats to today's powerful speedboats. Discover how ships are designed and built, and learn how to make your own vessels, from a Viking ship to an aircraft carrier.

Ships is a unique blend of imaginative activities, experiments and science facts that helps develop scientific thought. The vast "Make it Work" series teaches scientific principles through the hands-on process of making science work. It's an invaluable science series for school and home, mixing hobby and science in an effort to show kids how to observe, collate information, and reach conclusions. It has lots of neat science projects for you to do. One of them is making a steam boat. It is easy and inexpensive to make all the experiments. It doesn't just tell you how to build it, it explains how to run it also. In the sailboat experiment , it even explains how to sail it. So, if you like to make things that work from everyday materials, this book is for you. The easy-to-follow instructions and helpful color photos make it a great resource for children ages 8-11.

CONTENTS
Being a Shipbuilder
Floating
Displacement
Wood and Skin Boats
Hulls
Rowboats
Viking Ships
Rigs
Modern Sailing Boats
Sailing a Boat
Steamships
Paddle Steamers
Motorboats
S wamp Skimmers
Hovercraft
Submarines
Fishing Boats
Cargo Carriers
Loading a Cargo
Aircraft Carriers
Dredgers
Glossary
Index