
CD Description
Buddy Holly with The Jack Hansen Combo: THAT MAKES IT SOUND SO MUCH BETTER - CD version. Buddy Holly's 'apartment tapes' are well-known, particularly the six songs he wrote in December 1958 and recorded on his Ampex 401A tape-recorder. These were heard first in the overdubbed versions produced by Jack Hansen in 1959 and 1960. Many fans prefer Buddy's original guitar and vocal demos to the later overdubbed versions. But the Jack Hansen versions - using some of New York's finest session musicians, who were never really a Combo - are still the ones that most fans remember. There were many flaws in the overdubbing, emphasised by the fact that Buddy Holly never envisaged the tracks he made being used to create commercial releases and thus did not stick to strict tempo timing. And the equipment used to mix the original 3-track tapes was primitive compared to today's computer-based technology. Modern technological advances have enabled us to remix the tracks and errors in timing have also been corrected by producer Chris Hopkins. Chris spent many hours on each track, creating the best versions you will ever hear of the six recordings. All have been remixed into mono and stereo versions ... you will hear instruments you never heard before and the overall quality will surprise you! The CD comes with a 36-page illustrated booklet with full details about the recordings and the re-mastering process.
Product Description
(2011/ROLLERCOASTER) 16 tracks (27:12) Gatefold digipac with 36 page booklet and numbered Fan-Club membercard. Remastered 1958 Sessions with the Jack Hansen Combo and the Ray Charles Singers. Buddy Holly fans will be familiar with the tracks on this album, but will never have heard them in such startling fidelity as they are presented here. The original overdubs made in 1959 and 1960 were recorded on fairly primitive equipment and the copy tape used originally of Buddy Holly's voice and guitar demos also lacked fidelity. Producer Chris Hopkins has spent many hours on the original recordings, creating correctly timed and superb quality re-mixes of the tracks. Chris has achived more than we ever thought possible and we believe the sound on this album cannot be bettered. (2011/ROLLERCOASTER) 16 tracks (27:12) Gatefold digipac with 36 page booklet and numbered Fan-Club membercard. Remastered 1958 Sessions with the Jack Hansen Combo and the Ray Charles Singers. Buddy Holly fans will be familiar with the tracks on this album, but will never have heard them in such startling fidelity as they are presented here. The original overdubs made in 1959 and 1960 were recorded on fairly primitive equipment and the copy tape used originally of Buddy Holly's voice and guitar demos also lacked fidelity. Producer Chris Hopkins has spent many hours on the original recordings, creating correctly timed and superb quality re-mixes of the tracks. Chris has achived more than we ever thought possible and we believe the sound on this album cannot be bettered.

cd ripped by EAC

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/