BEFORE ANY THING: SAY IT WAS OF HELP, IT WANT KILL YOU !!



ACCSAP, the ACCFΓÇÖs Adult Clinical Cardiology Self-Assessment Program, is an updated, comprehensive review of cardiovascular (CV) medicine for trainees and practicing specialists preparing for the American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) examination for certification or recertification in CV Diseases. For others, its content and features constitute a robust core curriculum that can be used for independent self-study. The chapters and modules have been prepared by experts in their respective fields with reference to recent ACC/AHA practice guidelines, advisories, and consensus statements. The reader is encouraged to cross-reference the content with guideline updates that have been published since the print version of ACCSAP 7 went to press. New content for the 7th edition includes modules related to genetics, intensive care, quality and appropriateness, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation.

Because we know that ACCSAP purchasers greatly value questions, we have included as many of them in this product as possible. Knowledge-based, multiple-choice questions are embedded in each module as a mechanism to reinforce the educational content and to emphasize the active phase of learning. Additionally, this 7th edition will include several Practice Exams that allow users to test their clinical judgment skills and prepare for the ABIM exams. Practice Exam 1, available in the print, online, and DVD versions of this product, features 50 multiple-choice questions that include detailed explanations of the correct answers. Practice Exams 2 and 3 will be added to the online version of ACCSAP 7, and each will contain an additional 50 high-quality, ABIM-style questions. Finally, 100 more questions will be featured in an online product called CardioQuestions to which all ACCSAP 7 purchasers will have access. In total, ACCSAP 7 offers more than 500 questions.

The editors wish to thank the extraordinarily capable ACC staff who worked countless hours to complete this task, led by Ms. Jennifer Mirilovich and Ms. Julie Bainbridge, with the guidance of Ms. Kristen Doermann and the dedicated hard work of Anne Lee and Emma Andersson-Brijbasi. We are especially grateful to Dr. Gottlieb Friesinger whose tireless devotion to evidence-based medicine and astute clinical judgment framed the process by which the multiple-choice questions were written. Most importantly, we hope that this 7th edition of ACCSAP will stand as a fitting legacy to the memory and spirit of the late Dr. Richard Lewis, our founding father and mentor. 