British historian Heather (medieval history, Univ. of Oxford; The Fall of the Roman Empire) takes a look at first-millennium migrations in Europe, examining contemporary records, archaeological remains, and modern migration theory. The collapse of Rome in the West and the advance of the Huns from the East set off mass movements of people looking for wealth and security. Examining in chronological order the movements of Germanic peoples, Huns, Slavs, and Vikings, Heather concludes that masses of humanity traipsed across Europe (which some recent historians have doubted) but not exactly in the manner described in old high school history books. The large migrant groups were made up of many temporary loose alliances rather than a single people with a cultural identity. Invaded peoples, even when their conquerors included women and children, were more likely to continue in place in a subservient role than to be massacred. VERDICT Although Heather makes an amiable and learned companion through the centuries of migrations, his exhaustive account is too exhausting and repetitive to be suitable for the general reader. Specialists in the field will want to make the effort.

Booklist

This history of Europe from the eclipse of the western Roman Empire to about the year 1000 positions itself among rival schools of interpretation. British university professor Heather explains that one school of thought fell into disfavor after 1945 because of its nationalistic associations: it posited that mass migration of tribes Germanic or otherwise planted nascent modern nations. The other school of thought proposed models of slow cultural and political development. Heather’s middle way reflects a profound immersion in such historiographical issues, yet the author’s presentation will not solely be the preserve of professionals. Questions of national origins also engage general readers who wonder where Slavs, Germans, Franks, and Britons came from. Combining archaeological and literary sources, Heather discusses what weight of interpretation such fragmentary evidence can bear. Certainly rapid migratory events occurred––think Attila the Hun––but remorseless relocations of thousands of people were the norm. Continue that for centuries, and see Moravia or Poland appear on maps (in plentiful supply here). A cogent framer of historical problems, Heather knowledgeably brightens the Dark Ages.


Enjoy and Seed!!