Xilisoft Blu-ray Ripper

Wanna rip Blu-ray videos so you can share them or make a duplicate copy for your video collection? With Xilisoft Blu-ray Ripper, now you can convert standard Blu-ray videos (M2TS format) and 3D Blu-ray videos (SSIF) to High-Definition formats or even 3D (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, Apple TV h.264 720P, HD WMV, MPEG-2/MPEG-4 TS HD Video) with excellent and unmatchable ripping-converting speed while preserving HD quality. Newly introduced NVIDIA CUDA and AMD APP graphic acceleration technology which can double the converting speed and bring a faster experience in converting. The adoption of multi-threading decoding technology can make full use of the processing competence of multi-core CPU and promote the converting speed as well.

Apart from converting to HD format, it can also convert to popular common-format videos, such as AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, RM, MOV, XviD, 3GP, and FLV. Most multimedia players like iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, Xbox, Zune, NDS, Wii, or mobile phones support and play these types of videos.

Preview Blu-ray movies, clip the movie, crop movie screen, adjust video properties, or add watermark are some of the features that come with Xilisoft Blu-ray Ripper.


Rip Blu-ray discs in high speed while preserving high audio and video quality
Convert standard Blu-ray videos to HD popular common video formats or even 3D videos
Convert 3D Blu-ray videos to common 2D videos, convert 3D Blu-ray videos to 3D formats
Extract audio from Blu-ray movie
Capture movie stills and save as JPEG format
Edit video by trimming, cropping, merging and adding video effects

System Requirements

OS: Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor: 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM: 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk: 50MB space for installation
Graphic Card: Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher
Others: BD-ROM; AnyDVD HD v6.5 or above; UDF2.5 Driver (for Windows XP only)

Homepage: http://www.xilisoft.com/blu-ray-ripper.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given Key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.