TTC Audio - Impossible: Physics beyond the Edge

  
http://www.teach12.com/ttcx/coursedesclong2.aspx?cid=1299

"Physicists spend a lot of time thinking about impossible things, since probing the constantly shifting bounds between the possible and impossible is one of the best ways to discover unexpected phenomena and new laws of nature. And for nonscientists, exploring this extraordinary realm is one of the best introductions to the immensely rich subject of physics.

Consider these questions:

Can machines produce limitless energy?
Is time travel possible?
Can anything travel faster than light?
Is it possible to escape from a black hole?
Each is a puzzle that requires pieces from different parts of physics to solve. And after investigating these and other questions, you begin to see how all of physics is tied together in a system that is consistent, logical, beautiful, and often very surprising.

For example, the question about whether time travel is possible leads you to a study of the nature of time and space. The paradoxes you encounter there are directly related to Einstein's concepts of space-time and the constancy of the speed of light from his theory of relativity. This, in turn, takes you to exotic ideas such as black holes and wormholes, which some theorists believe may be potential shortcuts through space-time.

Before you know it, a staple subject of science fictionΓÇötime travelΓÇöhas taken you through many layers of investigation to reveal profound truths about the universe.

Impossible: Physics beyond the Edge uses this ingenious approach in 24 delightful half-hour lectures that will entertain and nourish your mind, while teaching you more physics than you ever imagined. Your guide into the realms of the impossible is veteran Great Courses Professor Benjamin Schumacher of Kenyon College, a pioneering theorist in quantum information, which is a field dealing with things once deemed impossible."

Course Lecture Titles

24 Lectures 
30 minutes / lecture

From Principles to Paradoxes and Back Again
Almost Impossible
Perpetual Motion
On Sunshine and Invisible Particles
Reflections on the Motive Power of Fire
Maxwell's Demon
Absolute Zero
Predicting the Future
Visiting the Past
Thinking in Space-Time
Faster than Light
Black Holes and Curved Space-Time
A Spinning Universe, Wormholes, and Such
What Is Symmetry?
Mirror Worlds
Invasion of the Giant Insects
The Curious Quantum World
Impossible Exactness
Quantum Tunneling
Whatever Is Not Forbidden Is Compulsory
Entanglement and Quantum Cloning
Geometry and Conservation
Symmetry, Information, and Probability
The Future of the Impossible