

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 96 - Grace - The One and Only - Louie Giglio


POtHS says: Louie Giglio at his BEST.

Description:

Grace. Unexpected. Undeserved.

5 hours of teaching!

Yet the core of the story is the gospel. Unique to the person and message of Jesus Christ, grace is simply God at work doing what we could never do. Nothing we can say or do can elicit more or less of the lavish grace of God.

Grace is the essence of our Creator and the way to a personal connection with Him that lasts forever and the source of the strength that enables us to walk in truth. 'For God made Jesus, who knew no sin, to become sin on our behalf, that we might become the righteousness of God in Him.' (2 Corinthians 5:21) The Grace that is freely given cost the Son of God everythingΓÇªand ignites within all who receive it a desire to live for the One who sets us free.

Other DVDs from Passion City Church Resources:
ΓÇó New Year
ΓÇó Prayer: Remix

About Passion City Church Resources
From acclaimed communicator and Passion Founder Louie Giglio comes a new DVD series, Passion City Church Resources. Continuing the biblical teaching and encouragement found in his Passion Talk Series, the new Passion City Church Resources are an outpouring of the Passion City Church that meets weekly in Atlanta. This new DVD series features Louie's multi-part messages from the church and serves as a resource for ministries worldwide. Each DVD covers a different topic, and features Louie's thought-provoking and scriptural teaching. Similar to the Passion Talk Series DVDs, these are perfect for small groups, Bible studies, churches or among friends and family members.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
