Total Doc Converter
 
Convert Doc or RTF to PDF, HTML, XLS, Image and Text easily
 
Total Doc Converter is a professional solution to convert documents (Word, Doc, DocX, DocM, RTF, RVF, or TXT files) to HTML, PDF, XLS, JPG, TIFF, and text in batch. It features a step-by-step interface. So new users don't get lost in settings. Total Doc Converter can be run via command line as well. Use Total Doc Converter to save your time and effort: convert thousands of Doc files in 3 clicks. Total Doc Converter strickly preserves document layout. You get the exact copy of the source file in a new format. In addition you can use special options to achieve perfect results:
 When you convert DOC to PDF or TIFF you may combine all source files in one target file. I.e. convert five DOC documents into one multi-page TIFF file. 

Total Doc Converter preserves document properties (i.e. author, creator, key words, subject, title, etc.) when you convert DOC to PDF. Alternatively, you can enter new properties for the output PDF file. 


Users can encrypt the final PDF file and protect it from being copied or modified. The latest version adds a digital signature as well. More.. 

Total Doc Converter was designed to convert documents in batches. It processes any number of docs at one go and keeps folder structure to avoid confusion. Download the most powerful batch DOC converter with a well-planned interface for free now.

 Key Features
 
A set of converters in one (doc to pdf, doc to html, doc to xls, doc to jpg, doc to tiff, doc to txt)
 Rvf to PDF, Excel, HTML, JPEG, TIFF, RTF, Text 
DocX (Word 2007) to PDF, Excel, HTML, JPEG, TIFF, RTF, Text 
Command line support 
Can sign output PDF files 
Header & Footer support 
Integrates into Windows 
Transparent interface 
Batch conversion 
The content of each file can be viewed before conversion 
Fast 
Vista compatible
 
Supported OS: 

Windows 2000/NT/XP/2003/Vista/7
 
Homepage: http://www.coolutils.com/TotalDocConverter
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Emjoy.
 