Advanced PDF Editor

Foxit Advanced PDF Editor with Paragraph Editing
Many times document authors need to do extensive editing directly to a PDF file. Whether you're editing paragraphs, font sizes, or more, the Foxit Advanced PDF Editor provides a word processor environment to editing PDF documents. When you need to change a single word, a paragraph, or the entire page, Advanced PDF Editor will reflow and reformat your text enabling you to create professional looking PDF documents. This is the ideal solution for PDF documents where you do not have the original source file.

Edit and Generate Professional Looking PDF Documents
Foxit Advanced PDF Editor provides high end features to generate professional looking PDF documents quickly and easily. Highlighted features include:

PDF Editor

Open, edit, and save PDF files. Change text, fonts, images and more.
Paragraph editing enables it to work like normal word processing software, automatically reflowing and reformatting text as you edit it. Advanced text fitting ensures your text content looks its best by providing complete control over auto-text-fitting, enabling you to specify which metrics get altered during the fitting process. It can even perform text fitting across columns and pages.
Link multiple text boxes together to reflow text across multiple text boxes.
Keep track of changes by inputting new text in a different color.
Grids, guides, and margins make editing layout simpler.
Renumber pages automatically.
OCR corrections let you correct text in PDFs that have been scanned from a printed document.
Straight-forward and easy-to-use redaction allows you to quickly select and redact any piece of text. The redaction is utterly secure, removing the original text from the document and placing a black mark over the area.
Industry-standard CMYK color picker ensures the colors you choose on the screen print accurately on paper
Group, hide, and lock graphics. It also provides the ability to edit and create clipping masks, plus a vertical ruler to allow easier object alignment together with grids, guides and page margins.
Add document headers and footers.
Redact text and images.
Built-in spell checker enables you to find errors quickly.
Quickly re-size page margins.

Search & Replace Across PDF documents

Search across multiple PDFs or entire directories full of PDFs. It will work through all documents, leaving original documents intact and keeping track of any errors or problems during processing.
PDF search and replace by font, color or size.
More advanced search criteria allow you to limit searches by the size, color or font used for text. Useful for changing text in headers/footers without disturbing similar content in the main body of a PDF.

PDF Creation

Create industry-standard compliant PDFs from over 200 of the most common office file formats. Since Foxit products are ISO 32000-1 / PDF 1.7 standard compliant, they are compatible with other PDF products, like those from Adobe┬«.

PDF Organization

Re-use your PDFs as components in new documents by simply placing them on the page. Resize, rotate and move as you would any other object.
Simply drag and drop any number of PDFs to merge them into a single document. You can also add headers, footers and page numbers across pages using the powerful 'Clone' facility.

System Requirements:

Windows: Windows 2003, XP, Vista or Windows 7 and 8 (including 64-bit versions), 512MB RAM, 1GB for Windows Vista/7. 1GHz x86 CPU, 60MB free disk space.
Compatible with Citrix desktop virtualization.

Homepage: http://www.foxitsoftware.com/products/editor/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.