Financial and Managerial Accounting (9th Edition)
by Belverd E. Needles, Marian Powers and Susan V. Crosson
South-Western College Pub | February 2010 | ISBN-10: 1439037809 | PDF | 1392 pages | 12.1 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Financial-Managerial-Accounting-Belverd-Needles/dp/1439037809

Needles/Powers/Crosson delivers interactive pedagogy by illustrating accounting principles and real-world examples to encourage critical thinking. This revision is based on an understanding of the nature, culture, and motivations of today's students and on extensive feedback from instructors. These substantial changes meet the needs of students, who not only face a business world increasingly complicated by ethical issues, globalization, and technology but also have more demands on their time. To help them meet these challenges, this textbook shows students how business transactions, which are the result of business decisions, are recorded in a way to show their effects on the financial statements. Built on historically strong pedagogy, this edition demonstrates strengthened transaction analysis and its link to the accounting cycle. Proven Presentation: Students learn from a trusted approach built on proper accounting principles and technical detail to ensure mastery of core accounting concepts. Relevant Coverage: Chapter-opening Decision Points have been enhanced to expose students to the changing financial reporting environment and IFRS. Critical-Thinking Tools: New Stop & Think features help students develop the judgment skills they need in the modern business world. Needles/Powers/Crosson demonstrates accounting in motion!

About the Authors
Belverd E. Needles, Jr., received B.B.A. and M.B.A. degrees from Texas Tech University and the Ph.D. degree from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He teaches financial accounting, managerial accounting, and auditing at DePaul University, where he is an internationally recognized expert in international accounting and education.
Marian Powers received the B.S. degree from Chicago State University and the Ph.D. degree from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. In addition to the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University, she has taught financial reporting the University of Illinois--Chicago, and the Lake Forest Graduate School of Management. Internationally recognized as a dynamic teacher in executive education, she specializes in teaching non-financial managers how to read and understand internal and external financial reports, including the impact of international financial reporting standards (IFRS).
Susan V. Crosson is the Accounting Program Coordinator and a Professor of Accounting at Santa Fe Community College, Gainesville, FL. She is known for her innovative application of pedagogical strategies online and in the classroom. She is a recipient of the Outstanding Educator Award from the American Accounting Association's Two Year College Section.