Total Recorder Pro v8.4 Build 4930 - a professional sound recorder software in Computer


Release Info:

Total Recorder's powerful software for recording, conversion, editing and sound processing is. This version of the software you can record sound from any audio source. Audio recording formats directly in PCM, MP3, WMA, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, APE and other formats that are supported by Total Recorder software is possible. This software Windows 7 audio formats AAC, MOV, MPEG 4 and 3GP are also supported. With this software you can record audio directly from the audio players such as RealPlayer, Windows Media Player, iTunes, Musicmatch Jukebox, WinAmp running sound recordings. There are different possibilities on the way to you. Line-in recording any sound from computer's sound card with the ability to listen to the voice of the main features of Total Recorder is stored. For example, you can use an external program, or sound from a microphone, sound, LP International, cassette, CD and DVD player, radio AM / FM and ... Good record.

You can use Total Recorder as a VoIP recorder to record parts of a VoIP or Voice Over IP use. The technology for voice recording software such as Skype, Google Talk, Yahoo voice, MSN is used. Recording background sound in a web page format MP3, WMA, Ogg Total Recorder software as possible.

Feature:

Capture any sound played by a computer (including streaming audio, Internet telephony, and PC games), and use the included time shift-feature for off-hours recording.

Capture video from the PC screen or from hardware video devices, record streaming video, live Internet video broadcasts, merge video with audio tracks, split tracks, and more.

Schedule a recording of streamed video and audio, Internet broadcasts or online television to watch and listen to them at the most convenient for you time.

Record sound coming through a microphone or played by an external device such as a tape player, LP player, portable music player, etc.

Process digital audio through add-ons: equalizer, audio cleaning, noise cancellation, automatic gain control.

Convert between different audio and video formats (AVI, WMV, FLV, MPEG-4, 3GP, compressed and uncompressed WAV, MP3, WMA, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, APE). Edit video and audio files without any loss of quality.

Normalize, split, cut, or join compressed audio files; edit tags; automatically split a long broadcast into smaller pieces and tag them.

Process (for example, convert, normalize, etc.) a group of files, such as an entire folder, with a single operation.