Shake Rattle & Roll 2k5(DVDRip)(PINOY horror)_TOPSIDER

Shake, Rattle & Roll VII is a 2005 horror film released in the Philippines. This is the seventh installment from its series Shake, Rattle & Roll. It is also an official entry in 31st Metro Manila Film Festival.

Poso
A fake occultist (Ai Ai delas Alas) who retires from the business of communicating with the dead when her last job goes terribly wrong. But when a wealthy client (Miss Gloria Romero) promises Ai Ai a huge fee to contact Gloria’s dead grandson (Marco Alcaraz), the comedy queen can’t refuse. Together with her assistants-in-crime (Rainier Castillo, Janine Desiderio, and Biboy Ramirez), they take on this last job, only to realize that they may not live to see another day. Yasmien Kurdi also stars as Gloria Romero’s nurse-slave.
[edit]Aquarium'
A family which has just moved into a new condo unit is terrorized by a creature lurking in an aquarium left behind by the previous tenants. “Bubble Gang’s” Ogie Alcasid & Ara Mina play the husband & wife whose cozy condo is turned into a domicile of doom by the creature. Child actor Paul Salas plays their son, who unleashes the evil in the fish tank. Sexy comedienne Wilma Doesnt plays the perky domestic helper, while Reggie Curley is the handsome plumber who becomes one of the aquarium’s first victims.
[edit]Lihim ng San Joaquin
The residents of a sleepy rural town are alarmed when an attractive woman (Elizabeth Oropesa) turns up one day, attracting all the town’s hot-blooded males. When the men are brutally murdered one by one, the townspeople begin to suspect their new neighbor of being the granddaughter of a famous manananggal from the 1940s. “Lihim ng San Joaquin” stars comebacking stars Mark Anthony Fernandez and Tanya Garcia as a newly-wed couple whose bliss is quickly transformed into bloodcurdling horror.

pls. seed after download.., enjoy...

MOVIE COVER:
 
https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/250238_142959529180760_24983241_n.jpg

greetz to all Filipino...

mabuhay ang mga bayaning OFW...