What's new in Version 4.01
* Updated the icon to correct branding

$28.99View on iTunes
  This app is designed for both iPhone and iPad.

Category: Games
Dec 09, 2011
Version: 4.01
19.2 MB
Seller: Soft Pauer Limited

© Soft Pauer Limited 2012

LANGUAGES: English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish

REQUIREMENTS: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Requires iOS 3.1 or later





Description
F1 2012 Timing & Track Positioning app gives you a greater insight into F1 races. 

The only Official F1™ 2012 Live Timing and Track Positioning app has over 130 hours of live F1 coverage; Access live timing and track positioning for all F1 sessions over a race weekend - P1, P2, P3, QUALIFYING and RACE for the 2012 Formula One World Championship. 

* Follow service status on twitter - user f1timingapp * 

Winner of Best Sports App 2010, Sports Business International Magazine. ★ rated by the Sunday Times (Best 500 Apps review). 

This award winning Application is the only official Formula One™ Live Timing and Track Positioning application for Apple devices and will give fans a greater insight into Formula One than ever before thanks to a wealth of unique features and data. 

Whether you’re at the race track or watching at home, the F1 timing App will get you closer to the action. With the new season comes a new tyre manufacturer and pit stops are likely to be a huge part of the championship, with the possibility of 3 or more pit stops for each F1 driver each race. With that in mind, track positioning on the App will be an invaluable companion throughout the sessions. 

Features Include: 

★ REAL-TIME TRACK POSITIONING ★ 

Displayed on our dynamic and fully interactive 3D map. You can see the position of every F1 driver on the track at the same time. Pan, zoom and spin the track maps to focus on a specific driver or pull back to see the whole field. See the gaps and pit stops as never before! 

★ CORNER VIEWS ★ 

Selectable corner numbers change the view to that corner so you control the action! 

★ FOLLOW YOUR FAVOURITE F1 DRIVER ★ 

Selecting a driver switches the camera to follow that selected driver around the race track. Watch as they battle for position! 

★ LIVE TIMING DATA ★ 

Timing data is streamed direct from Formula One Management's technical centre at the race track to the palm of your hand. With multiple timing screens including sectors, gaps and speeds. Watch the sessions like the engineers on the pitwall! 

★ LIVE LEADERBOARDS ★ 

Combined with live timing data, scrollable leaderboards display a wealth of data, combining visual images of the cars and driver flags with split second data. 

★ PAUSE LIVE SESSIONS ★ 

You can now pause and replay live sessions during the events so you never miss any of the action. 

★ DOWNLOAD RACE PACKS ★ 

Download race packs after the event to watch the sessions again and again. Perfect for tape delayed broadcast! 

★ LIVE TEXT COMMENTARY ★ 

Lap by lap live text commentary keeps you updated while the action unfolds. 

★ EVENT COUNTER & NOTIFICATIONS ★ 

A new enhanced Infobase with an event countdown that shows the time to the next session and informs when a session is live. Optional notifications alert you when sessions are approaching. 

★ KEEP UP TO DATE ★ 

Easily access a wealth of information with latest drivers and teams stats, race information, standings and latest results.

★ COMPLETE FORMULA ONE ACCESS ★ 

Experience each and every Formula One Grand Prix session via the live timing & track positioning feed in the palm of your hand. 

This application is unlike any other. A must-have for the F1 fan!
What's new in Version 4.01
* Updated the icon to correct branding
