Touched_By_An_Angel_Se01_Ep02_Show_Me_The_Way_Home_DVDRIP_NLSubs


De serie draait gewoonlijk rond een persoon of een groep van mensen, die op een zeer beslissend moment in hun leven komen te staan, zoals een groot probleem of een moeilijke keuze. 
Op dat moment komen er engelen in het leven van die persoon, die boodschappen brengen gestuurd door God. Op die manier proberen ze de mensen te helpen en bij te staan in hun problemen. 
Monica, het belangrijkste engelpersonage, leert altijd hoe ze mensen moet bijstaan in hun noden en vragen. 
In de eerste afleveringen van de serie begeleidt Tess Monica bij haar eerste opdrachten, als een sociale werker, nadat ze gepromoveerd is van zoektochten en redding.

Taal: Engels
Ondertiteling: Nederlands
Genre: Romance, Drama, Geweld


Episode  2
"Show Me The Way Home"
Monica is assigned to Earl Rowley, a crusty baseball coach. Bitter because his Vietnam War injury prevented him from pursuing a major league career, he pushes his high school players hard, especially Peter Enloe, the star player whose own father is dead. Earl is less than thrilled to have a female assistant coach but is told that Monica was the only substitute teacher who had strong credentials in both history and baseball. Tess, in the meantime, accepts a position working in a sports bar run by Peter's mother, Laura. A few days before a crucial game, Earl appoints the young man team captain and tells him a college scout will be watching the game to see if Peter is worthy of a baseball scholarship. However, the coach also expects Peter to lead the team with his authoritarian leadership style. Prompted by Monica's history lesson that sometimes a person must stand up to a bully, the team captain takes a stance against Earl, which results in a fistfight and Peter's suspension from the team. While walking away, the coach collapses on the field and is rushed to the hospital. There Monica learns from Adam, the Angel of Death, that Earl is dying from pancreatic cancer. As he confides in Monica that the one time he let his guard down, a Vietnamese soldier shot him, he remembers that she was the one who had saved him during the heat of battle. He laments being spared since his life didn't turn out the way he had planned; she chides him for failing to take advantage of the numerous opportunities he had to positively influence the lives of his students. Although Monica reinstates Peter on the team, Laura realizes that what her son really needs is Earl's approval. She visits the coach in the hospital, to the to talk to the boy and is followed by Monica. But while the angel states her case, Earl's life signs diminish and Adam appears to escort him to the hereafter. Monica prays for him to have a second chance--a request that is granted. During the big game, the team is three runs down with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning. Peter is on the verge of striking out when Earl appears and loans him the wooden bat his own father gave him. The teen hits a home run , winning the game and the scholarship. Afterwards, Adam arrives to take Earl, who requests that Monica hold his hand as they walk into the light..
