Onde AudioBook Converter is an AA converter that can batch convert purchased Audio books or AA flies from iTunes or Audible on Mac OS X to MP3 or AAC format. Then DRM protections on audio book will be removed. The conversion with CD output quality is at up to 12X speeds!

Convert purchased Audio Book playable on iTunes
Any purchased audio books from itunes or audible, if it could be played on iTunes, can be unlocked and converted to MP3 or AAC, AC3, AIFF, AU, FLAC, M4A, M4R and MKA.

Convert audible aa to MP3 to Play anywhere
Remove DRM of Audio Books or AA files from iTunes audiobook library to MP3 or AAC format and enjoy it on iPhone 4S, iPod touch, iPad, Sony PSP, smart phone, MP3 player, laptop, portable PC, etc.

Remove DRM protections
Designed as an .aa converter and audio book DRM remover, Onde audioBook converter can remove copy-protection (DRM) from Audio Books and convert into unprotected MP3 or AAC format.

12X conversion speed
Onde audioBook converter Mac can encode and convert audible aa files at speeds of up to 12X.

Preserve ID Tags
Onde purchased AudioBook Converter will keep ID Tags to the new converted MP3 or AAC files files. Output MP3 or AAC files with CD Quality
Preset output options like codeck, bitrate, sample rate and channels to get customized MP3 or AAC files with CD Quality. Convert DRM audiobooks in batch
Batch conversion allows users to select multiple audio book files to convert with just a single button. Silent Recording
Onde AudioBook Converter works in the background when remove DRM from purchased audio books. Quick access to iTunes folder
Loading the user's iTunes' folders automatically makes for a quick and seamless user experience. Unlimited converting times
Convert AA files as many times as you like with Onde AudioBook without limitation of one-time burning to Disc on each authorized Mac.

What's New
Version 1.02.2:

Greater efficiency, lower CPU utilization
Click the Fresh button to import all your iTunes audiobooks into Onde AudioBook Converter

Requirements

Intel
Mac OS X 10.6 or later

Credits to Special [K]