S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Alan Wake (c) Remedy Entertainment

15-02-2012........Release Date <-> Protection...............Steam
Action/Adventure.....Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

When the wife of the best-selling writer Alan Wake disappears on their
vacation, his search turns up pages from a thriller he doesn't even
remember writing. A Dark Presence stalks the small town of Bright
Falls, pushing Wake to the brink of sanity in his fight to unravel the
mystery and save his love

Presented in the style of a TV series, Alan Wake features the trademark
Remedy storytelling and pulse-pounding action sequences. As players
dive deeper and deeper into the mystery, they ll face overwhelming
odds, plot twists, and cliffhangers. It s only by mastering the Fight
With Light combat mechanic that they can stay one step ahead of the
darkness that spreads across Bright Falls

With the body of an action game and the mind of a psychological
thriller, Alan Wake's intense atmosphere, deep and multilayered story
and exceptionally tense combat sequences provide players with an
entertaining and original gaming experience

Enhanced for the PC features:

Includes Alan Wake Special Episodes "The Signal" and "The Writer"

Experience Alan Wake's Pacific Northwest in higher resolutions and
higher fidelity than the Xbox360 version

Fully configurable mouse and keyboard support, or if you prefer to
play with the Microsoft gamepad connected to your PC, you can do that
too!

Lots of customizable graphics settings and support for 4:3, 16:9 and
16:10 aspect ratios!

Multithreaded engine that takes advantage of quad core CPUs

Additional features our fans have sought after such as field of view
adjustment as well as "hide HUD"

Works with AMD Eyefinity 3D 3-screen mode

Works with NVIDIA NVISION2 Stereoscopic 3D

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content on the DVD, for
setting language of your choice

Setup is only english, but game has the following languages supported:
English, German, French, Italian, Korean, Spanish, Russian, Japanese
Polish and Traditional Chinese

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


Minimum System Requirements:

	
CPU: A dual core processor is required:AMD: Athlon X2 2.8GHz / Intel: Core 2 
Duo 2GHz	
RAM: 2 GB	
VGA: DirectX 10 compatible or later with 512MB RAM
AMD: ATI Radeon 3650, 4450, 5550, 6450 or higher (per series)
NVIDIA: GeForce 8600GT, 9500GT, GT120, GT430, GT520 (per series)	
OS: Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7	
HDD: 8 GB	
Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible	
Recommended peripheral:	Mouse and keyboard, Xbox360 controller also supported
Note: To run at maximum settings, with high level textures and the like, Remedy recommend a quad core CPU and “a top of the line graphics card.”


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/7DCBS.jpg


Screens:

 
http://i.imgur.com/OGxrL.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/2iRyN.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/HkeKV.jpg


ENJOY!