S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Hitman Sniper Challenge (c) Square Enix

21-08-2012....Release Date <-> Protection....Steam + CEG + Custom
Action...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

FLT STATEMENT NOTES

Dear Fairlight, we don't want to use all our energy to prove who is
right and who isn't, as it would just be more benzin into a fire. We
just want to point out one thing, and that is your framerate testing of
our Prototype 2 proper.

Why should we believe your testing, when our own is totally different,
and why does ours match users on public forums all over the net? Again,
like you yourself point out, using those as valid proof is a little
weak, yet using own facts as proofs, is just hilarious, as you have no
REAL technical or informations that those numbers you put in your funny
statement, is just imaginary facts. You can't prove your testing is
real.

Every cracker with a little knowledge will know that reversed is always
better and faster. It has been that since scene beginning, and will
continue to be so in the future.

Yes, there are some games with protections, that probably never would
be released, because reversing them will take a great deal of time to
do properly. We're not talking a couple of days of work, but rather a
couple of months work to do a proper reversed crack of those games.
Especially some Starforce games have lately been in that category, so
rather a release to a certain point, rather than no release at all.

When that is said, then Steam CEG protected games is fully reversable
within a reasonable time, and we have time after time proved that to
the scene, so stop bullshitting that emulation is just as fast, and
just as equal as an fully reversed exe. Suprise it's not!

But keep on releasing those emulation releases, that some users still
won't be able to run, because of your method. Remember we offered your
Steam cracker help to do them properly.

In the end we will keep on propering your emulation work, so why not do
them the right way, rather than getting propered everytime? We even
told you to fix your Dirt Showdown release, but you can't, because your
emulation method isn't far from perfect emulated.

Quality has a price, but sadly you don't understand the terminology
behind the word.

RELEASE NOTES

Get ready to pull the trigger on a completely new chapter in the
award-winning Hitman series. Be the ultimate assassin in the Hitman
Sniper Challenge by testing your reactions, focus and skill in a
stand-alone hit available only for Hitman Absolution pre-purchases.
Unlock weapons and upgrades that can be carried over into HITMAN:
ABSOLUTION and compare your scores with other players around the globe
using online leaderboards.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Mount or burn image (Game not included)
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision