One the way to school (2008) by Ozgur Dogan & Orhan Eskikoy
Turkish titel: Iki dil bir bavul

The Kurdish reality in Turkey Spoken language Turkish and Kurdish  

Jonge Turkse onderwijzers moeten hun eerste jaar verplicht in Oost- Turkije werken, Turks leren aan Koerdische kinderen. Dit is het verhaal van zo'n onderwijzer, Emre, die edurende een schooljaar wordt gevolgd in een afgelegen Koerdisch dorpje in het zuidoosten van Turkije. 
Op de eerste schooldag is er geen animo en blijft zijn klas helemaal leeg. Maar langzamerhand wint hij het vertrouwen van de bevolking en komen de kinderen naar het schooltje. De meeste leerlingen spreken thuis alleen Koerdisch, wat de communicatie met de meester behoorlijk bemoeilijkt. Ondanks de innemende en welwillende kinderen is de leraar eenzaam.
Wanneer de bij de kinderen geliefde leraar in juni vertrekt voor de zomervakantie hebben de leraar en de dorpsgemeenschap meer begrip voor elkaar gekregen.

--------------------------------------------------------- 

One year in the life of a Turkish teacher, teaching the Turkish language to Kurdish children in a remote village in Turkey. The children can’t speak Turkish, the teacher can’t speak Kurdish and is forced to become an exile in his own country. On the Way to School is a film about a Turkish teacher who is alone in a village as an authority of the state, and about his interaction with the Kurdish children who have to learn Turkish. The film witnesses the communication problem emphasizing the loneliness of a teacher in a ifferent community and culture; and the changes brought up by his presence into this different community during one year. The film chronicles one school year, starting from September 2007 until the departure of the teacher for summer holiday in June 2008. During this period, they begin to know and understand each other mutually and slowly.


Holland Doc: 
Introduction by the Dutch Minister of Education, Culture and Science, Ronald Plasterk 
http://player.omroep.nl/?aflID=10187552
 
Boston Turkish Filmfestival  
http://www.bostonturkishfilmfestival.org/2010Festival/films/IkiDilBirBavul_OnTheWayToSchool.html
--------------------------------------------------------- 
Turk ogretmenin, uzak bir Kurt koyundeki bir yili. Ogretmen Kurtce bilmez, çocuklar Turkce. Ogretmen ilk kez gordugu bu cografyada, bir yilini cocuklara Turkce ogretmekle gecirir. 1 yilin sonunda cocuklar Turkce ogrenebilecekler mi? Iki Dil Bir Bavul universiteden yeni mezun olmus ve uzak bir Kurt koyune atanmis Turk ogretmenin bir yilini, onun okula yeni baslayan ve Turkce bilmeyen cocuklarla yasadiklarini anlatir. Bir yil boyunca ogretmenin farkli bir topluluk ve kultur icindeki yalnizligina, cocuklar ve koylulerle yasadigi iletisim problemine, cocuklardaki degisime tanik oluruz. Bu surec boyunca ogretmen ve cocuklar birbirlerini yavas yavas tanimaya ve anlamaya baslarlar.

Egitim, Kultur ve Bilim Hollandali Bakan: Ronald Plasterk tarafindan giris
Holland Doc:  
http://player.omroep.nl/?aflID=10187552