       

                  PART  350



          CAT STEVENS    -  Matthew & Son  (1967)
          THE BEE GEES  -  Spicks & Specks (1967)
          THE BEE GEES  -  New York Mining Disaster 1941  (1967)
          THE BEE GEES  -  Lonely Days  (1967)   
          THE TREMELOES  -  Silence Is Golden  (1967)   
          THE BEATLES    -  Strawberry Fields Forever  (1967)
          THE BEE GEES  -  Tomorrow Tomorrow  (1969)
          BOLLAND & BOLLAND - Summer Of 71  (1972)



            "Matthew and Son" is a single written and performed by Cat Stevens. It was selected as the title song for his debut album "Matthew and Son" .
           "Spicks and Specks" is a song by The Bee Gees. (chart positions: #1 Australia, #28 Germany, #2 Netherlands). Album  was released in Australia in 1966 as "Monday's Rain" with "Spicks and Specks" released as the album's first single. The album was quickly re-released as Spicks and Specks to capitalize on the success of the single. The success of "Spicks and Specks" across Australia, where it was a top-five hit in every state, propelled them to move to England in 1967 to further their musical career.
            "New York Mining Disaster 1941" was the first song to be released by the Bee Gees in the United States (released 1967), and their first song to hit the charts in the US or UK. At the time, rumours circulated that the Bee Gees were the Beatles recording under a pseudonym (the Bee Gees' name was supposedly code for "Beatles Group"), in part because the record referenced NEMS Enterprises (Brian Epstein's management agency, which had just been joined by Bee Gees' manager Robert Stigwood). The song recounts the story of a miner trapped in a cave-in. He is sharing a photo of his wife with a colleague ("Mr. Jones") while they hopelessly wait to be rescued. According to the liner notes for their box-set Tales from the Brothers Gibb (1990), this song was inspired by the 1966 Aberfan mining disaster in Wales.
            "Strawberry Fields Forever" is a song by The Beatles, written by John Lennon and attributed to the Lennon–McCartney songwriting partnership. It was inspired by Lennon's memories of playing in the garden of a Salvation Army house named "Strawberry Field" near his childhood home." Strawberry Fields Forever" was intended for the album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" (1967), as it was the first song recorded for it, but was instead released in February 1967 as a double A-side single with Paul McCartney's "Penny Lane". "Strawberry Fields Forever" reached number eight in the United States, with numerous critics describing it as one of the group's best recordings. It is one of the defining works of the psychedelic rock genre and has been covered by many other artists. The song was later included on the US Magical Mystery Tour LP.
          "Silence is Golden" is a song co-written by Bob Gaudio of the American rock band, The Four Seasons, with Bob Crewe. It was released as a B-side to the hit song "Rag Doll," in 1964. It was later covered by the English band The Tremeloes, whose recording was a #1 hit in the UK Singles Chart on 18 May 1967, staying at the top for a total of three weeks. Guitarist Rick West sang lead vocal on "Silence Is Golden." All the group's members shared vocals, though most of the songs featured either 'Chip' Hawkes or drummer Dave Munden as the lead singer. The Tremeloes single hit #11 in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart  on the Epic label and was one of the top 100 songs of 1967. The track sold one million copies globally, earning gold disc status.  
        "Tomorrow Tomorrow" is a song by the Bee Gees and was originally intended for singer Joe Cocker.It is the first Bee Gees single released after Robin Gibb had quit the group which was now down to a trio featuring Barry Gibb, Maurice Gibb, and Colin Petersen on drums. Released in the US on June 1, 1969, the single charted only reached #54 on Billboard, but cracked the Top 40 on Cashbox, reaching #32. The music video for this song is very rare; they are in a park with Barry and Maurice playing guitar and Colin playing the drums, And in the video featured the ocean waving.
         The brothers Bolland were born in Port Elizabeth in South Africa (Rob on April 17, 1955, and Ferdi on August 5, 1956). The brothers learned to play the guitar at an early age from their brother Ton. Obviously they had talent. At the age of 10 and 11 they were offered a recordcontract but duet o the law on child labour the contract turned out to be illegal. In 1969 the brothers emigrated to the Netherlands and started the band Swingkickers in The Hague. Working under the name Bolland & Bolland they signed a recorddeal in 1971. This resulted in 1972 in a first single called ‘Wait for the sun’ and later "Summer of 71". Their first album (1975) was produced by Hans van Hemert but the couple soon decided they wanted to be producers .They produced and wrote for artists like Falco (including the No.1 hit "Rock Me Amadeus"), Samantha Fox ("Love House"), and wrote the Status Quo hit "In the Army Now" – which they released under their own name in 1981 and which was also recorded by Gerard Joling.