Oro negro (2011) [BRSreener 720][DUAL][Eng-Spa]
 
http://www.blackgold-themovie.com/


VIDEO QUALITY: BRScreener 720p / 1280x544
AUDIO QUALITY: MP3 160Kbits (MIC) (Castilian)-English
SIZE: 3 GB

Original title: Or Noir
Country: France
USA release:
Released in Spain: 20/01/2012
Released on DVD (rental): 16/05/2012
French release: 23/11/2011
Production: Co-France-Qatar, Quinta Communications, The Doha Film Institute
Director: Jean-Jacques Annaud
Written by: Menno Meyjes, Jean-Jacques Annaud and Alain Godard
Starring: Tahar Rahim, Antonio Banderas, Freida Pinto, Mark Strong, Riz Ahmed, Corey Johnson, Liya Kebede, Eriq Ebouaney

Synopsis:
Early twentieth century, Arabia. Under the ruthless desert sky, two tribal leaders go to war and face. The bodies of their warriors are scattered throughout the battlefield. Nesib, emir of Hobeika (Antonio Banderas) is the winner and imposes conditions on his love rival, Sultan of Salmaah (MARK STRONG). They accept not trying to take over the no man's land separating the two kingdoms, known as the Yellow Strip. As collateral, according to tribal laws then Nesib "take" or, rather, will take as hostages the two sons of Amar, called Saleeh (AKIN Gazi) and Auda (Tahar Rahim). Years pass, and Saleeh, a warrior born, is dying to escape the gilded cage in which is enclosed and return to the land of his father. However, Auda only care about books and knowledge. One day, there comes a Texas businessman (Corey Johnson) to see Nesib, and tells the emir that there is oil on their land. He promises riches that go far beyond what you can imagine.

Nesib you see a kingdom with roads, schools and hospitals built by the black gold hidden under the sand. But one problem: the oil is on the Yellow Strip.

Saleeh dies in his attempt to escape and return to the kingdom of his father. The young Auda should be responsible for negotiating a lasting peace between the Sultan and the emir. Nesib decides to marry his beautiful daughter, Princess Leyla (FREIDA PINTO) with Auda. Although the union is a political ploy of Nesib served to avoid being obliged to respect the peace treaty that settled with love for Leyla Auda and symbolizes a new beginning, the consecration of their love from his childhood and the possibility transform the world around them. Auda part to Salmaah as peaceful emissary. When meeting with his father Amar, discover other life based on devotion, piety and humility. Her father offers an almost impossible task: to cross the terrible desert of the House of Allah with his half brother Ali (RIZ AHMED) and a ragged band of thieves that will serve as a decoy. Amar wants to deceive Nesib to have enough time to mobilize an army and conquer the kingdom of Hobeika. During that journey, in which Auda should fight many battles against rival tribes and clans, in addition to free the beautiful slave Aisha (Liya Kebede), will be transformed from bookish leader of men.

Now is the time of the last meeting to take control of the Gaza Amarilla, the two kingdoms and especially the future.

Production notes:
Adaptation of the classic epic novel, 'The Great Thirst' by Hans Ruesch.