
REQUEST

House Of Gord - SBI Trilogy

 

Starring: Gord, Serena, Lydia McLane, Karl Kessler, and Blanche Maynard. 

 

Trouble at the House of Gord

 

Gord and Lady Serena enjoy an evening of bizarre bondage debauchery, relaxing amidst their human furniture suite and reminiscing about their fateful meeting during a Special Bureau of Investigations sting operation. Everyone's evening is interrupted when a burglar appears on the estate's security monitors. Karl, head of security, captures a very sexy redhead with a shapely figure. A quick call to a bent cop confirms Miss Celia Minton's got a record longer than a bullwhip and is facing life in prison as a 3-strike offender. Lady Serena, anxious to achieve the month's quota for new slave girls, jumps at the chance to add another beauty to Gord's ever-growing 

stable of women. Unfortunately for the Gords, Celia ends up having a bit more fortitude than one might expect...leading to a world of trouble at the House of Gord! 

 

Cover: 
 
http://image.bayimg.com/daocaaadk.jpg

 

 

Escape From The House Of Gord

 

...starting with a rude awakening, as the device on which she spent the night turns out to be a human alarm clock, using her electrified body as the alarm. But she is not alone in her time of torment! All over the house the other shapely women are bound, gagged, sheathed, restrained, and tormented in all manner of diabolical dilemmas. The day drags on for Celia, as Karl has his wicked way with her before fitting her with an explosive collar and shackles, and then handing her over to the cook for menial duties. Fortunately for her, the Gords have failed to take into account Celia?s resourceful nature. A moment of carelessness on Gord?s part opens the door to a daring escape attempt for our intrepid damsel. But Celia is not leaving before she has rigged the remaining staff at the House of Gord in their own devices, and left them to a terrible fate of their own design. Hell hath no fury like a pissed off Celia, as Lady Serena and the cook find out. 

 

Cover: 
 
http://www.gordbooks.com/media/thumbnails/0099/escapefromthehouseofgord_800.jpg

 

 

Return To The House Of Gord

 

Unfortunately for Celia, both Lady Serena and Gord's beloved cook lived to tell the tale of her escape. Forget the wrath of woman, she's got Gord to contend with now! Much to the delight of Gord's scorned ladies, the estates garbage disposal unit goes on the fritz, and the replacement unit is on backorder. One woman's joy is another woman's misery, and as the goon squad soon zeroes in on Celia, Gord plots a most ingenious form of revenge for this wickedly clever vixen! 

 

Cover: 
 
http://www.gordbooks.com/media/thumbnails/0118/returntohouseofgord_800.jpg

 

Sorry for the varying quality, but these are the only versions I have been able to find.

 

Enjoy!, and as usual, leave us a thankful comment if you like what we upload :)


Cheers  :-)