Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures (PC) (2008)
by Square Enix 
Platform: Windows Vista / XP | Rated: M
Disc(s) 2 (DVD9)
Front Cover 
 
Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures is a massively-multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) based on the world and works of acclaimed author Robert E. Howard. In Age of Conan, players enter Hyboria with thousands of their friends and enemies to live, fight and explore the savage world of King Conan. ..."

Product Features
Edition: Standard
First Mature Rated MMORPG - Savage, bloody, violent and sexy; delivering the true essence of Robert E. Howard's original vision. Team up in battle formations and command others in epic multiplayer battles and massive sieges in real time. 
Player vs. Player and Player vs. Environment - Crush the skulls of other players in arena fights, drunken brawls and sieges. Build cities, craft unique artifacts, explore a fantastic world, befriend others and master the use of magic, steel or bows. 
True Conan Experience - Explore King Conan's amazing universe and roam in the brutal footsteps of the world's greatest fantasy hero. Battle terrifying demons and defeat devastating monsters known from 70 years of Conan lore. 
Conan's World - Enter a gigantic and savage world spread across the three nations of Aquilonia, Cimmeria and Stygia. Explore jungles, deserts, mountains, valleys, dungeons and cities. 
Advanced Technologies - Optimized for DirectX 10, Multi-core CPU and featuring Advanced Artificial Intelligence; AoC takes advantage of the Dream World, MMO Technology, delivering extremely detailed environments and real life physics. Works with DirectX 9. 
 
Minimum System Requirements:

RAM: 1GB RAM 
VGA: Shader Model 2.0 and 128MB ram, nVidia GeForce 6600
HDD: 32GB

Recommended System Requirements:

CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz (E6600) or better
RAM: 2GB or more
VGA: NVIDIA GeForce 7900 GTX or better
HDD: 32GB

Note: Enhanced for: DirectX 10, 64-bit processors, multi-core Supports Parental Controls on Windows Vista

Broadband capability is required for online play.