Book Description

Those creative professionals seeking the fastest, easiest, most comprehensive way to learn Adobe Muse choose Adobe Muse Classroom in a Book from the Adobe Creative Team at Adobe Press. The 10 project-based lessons in this book show readers step-by-step the key techniques for working in Muse.

 

Readers will learn Muse from the ground up and create websites using the latest web standards without writing code. They will learn how to plan projects using site maps and master pages; design pages and add interactivity though buttons, links, and widgets; access 500 Typekit web fonts included with subscription to Muse; and publish a website via Business Catalyst or standard web hosting. The companion disc includes lesson files so readers can work along with the book.


**Breaking News! Adobe's third-quarter 2012 release of Adobe® Muse included enhancements to  certain areas of the Muse interface, as well as new features such as forms creation, an Align panel, Adobe Edge Animate integration, asset uploading, and other new tools and enhancements. Register your book at peachpit.com/register to receive a free update that covers these features.


“The Classroom in a Book series is by far the best training material on the market. Everything you need to master the software is included: clear explanations of each lesson, step-by-step instructions, and the project files for the students.” —Barbara Binder, Adobe Certified Instructor, Rocky Mountain Training

Classroom in a Book®, the best-selling series of hands-on software training workbooks, helps you learn the features of Adobe software quickly and easily. Classroom in a Book offers what no other book or training program does—an official training series from Adobe Systems Incorporated, developed with the support of Adobe product experts.



Book Details

    Paperback: 272 pages
    Publisher: Adobe Press; 1 edition (July 19, 2012)
    Language: English
    ISBN-10: 032182136X
    ISBN-13: 978-0321821362