Spotflux Encrypts and secure your connection while Browsing totally free

Today security and privacy is common problem in the world of web. there is less services that provide secure way to browse the web. Spotflux is free service that encrypts and secure your connection while you browsing the web Spotflux also protect you from Malware and Viruses and unwanted Ads from website. It saves your internet bandwidth since it block all ads on website and stop tracking by advertisement programs. It also hides your original IP address so your Location is private and you can also access U.S only website or services. It is in Beta mode and available for PC and Mac only and the Spotflux team also want to launch for mobile soon but it is not available for Linux users.

Encrypted connection and Security from Viruses and Malware


Spotflux encrypt your connection whether it is wired internet or wireless or Wi-Fi.When you enable it your whole internet traffic is encrypted by Spotflux server and sent through cloud/server. It encrypt your internet connection and traffic so your connection is more secure and private from hackers and tracker and your activity on internet can not be recorded or tracked. This software protects you from Viruses and Malware. Spotflux Bots continuously scan you traffic for Viruses and Malware if any it destroys. so it protects you from viruses and Malware.





Unrestricted access and Ad-free browsing


Spotflux Hides your original IP address with different IP address hence your location is private and you can access blocked websites and services. Since it hides your IP address you need not have to use software like Hide My IP or any paid proxy service. Spotflux boat scan you internet traffic for Ad if there is any ad on the website you are going to visit it simply removes it hence it saves your Bandwidth.It also stop tracking you by advertisement programs.


To know how it work and how to use this software visit link
 
http://www.technostip.com/2012/04/spotflux-encrypts-and-secure-your.html