       Sony Soundforge Pro Mac v1.0.20 MAC OSX INTEL
              DYNAMiCS | Oct 2012 | 69.3 MB




Built on a clean slate for OS X, Sound Forge™ Pro Mac provides a contemporary application environment that’s perfect for recording, editing, processing, and rendering broadcast-quality audio master files. A fresh statement on audio editing software, Sound Forge Pro Mac includes a comprehensive suite of mastering, restoration, and repair tools for immediate results.

Focused editing

Finally on the Mac, an audio editing application designed exclusively for OS X with a workflow that can keep up with your creative flow. Configurable viewing panels allow you to toggle to any project view you need in seconds — see everything at once or toggle your view to see only the features you want, when you want. Easily navigate the entire interface and work quickly, even on laptops.

High-fidelity recording

Assigning hardware, metering input signals, arming tracks, and recording high-resolution multichannel audio is a simple and fluid process in Sound Forge Pro Mac. Route your inputs, position the Record tool anywhere in the user interface, click Record, and bring pristine audio into your computer — up to 32 simultaneous channels at 64-bit/192 kHz resolution.

Signal and effects processing

Enjoy a full range of native processes including fade, flip, mute, normalize, and reverse. Process audio using repair tools from iZotope, and time/pitch modification algorithms from Zplane™. Easily access your plug-in collection for offline and nondestructive processing.

A one-stop audio mastering solution

Enjoy instant access to everything you need to prepare, process, and render finished audio master files. Sound Forge Pro Mac includes iZotope’s Mastering and Repair Suite of high-end processing plug-ins that you can use right away by simply dropping them into the application’s Plug-In Chain tool.


Sound Forge Pro Mac system requirements

    Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion) or 10.8 (Mountain Lion)
    Intel® dual core processor
    2 GB RAM
    200 MB of free hard disk space for installation


INSTALLATION:


 •  Next open the .zip file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports zip files such as StuffItExpander and extract.


 • Install



             •  That's it! Done.


                            3Nj0Y!!!