 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 28 - The Islamic Connection to Rome





POtHS - Prophetic Times - 28 - The Islamic Connection to Rome



POtHS Comments on This one:    

This is an excellent presentation. If you want to know who the Rulers of Evil are, here they are.

Description:
   

The History of The Jesuits by James Arrabito:

Documentary on the fascinating history of the Jesuit Order. Launched by Ignatius Loyola in the 16th century to wage war against the Reformation, the Society of Jesus rapidly spread to every corner of the globe. The Jesuits insinuated themselves into the affairs of governments and churches, eventually earning expulsion from almost every nation in this world, including the Vatican itself! (80 min.)To order a copy of this video go to: http://lltproductions.org/index.shtml


NAZI / Jesuit Occult:

If U know a thing or two of the NWO, U will probably understand that it is a fascist movement of 'elite' organizations (aka corporations) towards a Global Government over a post-eugenics population of serfs, under a neo-feudalistic system with methods of control scientifically arrayed against subordinate populations finally stamped on hard enough by the Shooz so as to never be able to think or move freely again. If U do not understand this, U probably are one of those people who think the NAZI movement was a peculiarity of extreme political degeneracy in a retrograde revolution with nostalgic yet misguided ties to a dying past of Pagans and Christendom. If so, U are wrong. It was in fact the first stage of the slapping in the face of the hopelessly hopefull by the forces who have been behind the progression of Europe, and the world, to its current state of affairs in placid servitude to dogma and degeneracy. It came at a time when there was widespread disillusionment with the ludicracy of inane leadership that was long on glory, and short on guts. After the NAZI scourge was seemingly at an end, there were multitudes of Europeans, long on guts, and short on glory, with the same distain for their leaders (the victors) and yet with a new dream, the dream of National Sozialism (the victims), that they could hold (especially with the right coercion of secret agencies for high society) as true to their hearts. And so now there is a strong following of nihilistic dimwits & anarchistic desperados in support of a system that is the epitome of their foulest foe yet firmly held as optimal for their betterment.

Here, we find the ultimate twist. It is the same twist as one find in the Catholic Church. That those who worship God, and belay their reason and morality in favour of hanging on to the cloaks of the Papacy for protection from the Devil, do in fact tug on the tassels of the incarnation of Evil upon this Earth... of the Lie, become Truth: Ungodly subversion of Godlyness.

NAZIs and the Catholic Church are one and the same!!!

I should add this is not explicit in this video, but implicit. U can find a whole lot of evidence of direct links between the Vatican and the Fascists in the work of people like Jordan Maxwell (noone really compares to him... although David Icke deals with the pedophilia aspect quite thoroughly and U dont even have to delve into the conspiratorial world view to find reports on the tendancy of NAZI leaders towards this diabolition).


From Darwin to Hitler:
From Darwin to Hitler elucidates the revolutionary impact Darwinism had on ethics and morality. Weikart demonstrates that many leading Darwinian biologists and social thinkers in Germany believed that Darwinism overturned traditional Judeo-Christian and Enlightenment ethics, especially the view that human life is sacred. Many of these thinkers supported moral relativism, yet simultaneously exalted evolutionary "fitness" (especially intelligence and health) as the highest arbiter of morality. Darwinism played a key role in the rise not only of eugenics, but also euthanasia, infanticide, abortion, and racial extermination. This thinking had its biggest impact on Germany, since Hitler built his view of ethics on Darwinian principles, not on nihilism as popularly believed.


Second Vatican state to be established in Jerusalem:
“The Old City of Jerusalem will become a “special regime”. It will be an autonomous, self-governing entity. The Chief Administrator will have minimum reliance on the existing regimes and structures”.

This is a policy proposal from “Jerusalem Old City Initiative”. The proposal is a fruit of the “peace process”, and inter faith dialogues between Jews, Muslims, Catholics and claimed to be “Christians”.

[/size]


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.overcomers.ca                                                                                     Current Bible Prophecy 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    






      