Follow my uploads here:              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Do you own a lot of movies? Do you have trouble keeping track of all your movies?
All My Movies for Android allows you to catalog your entire movie collection with a few taps.
Important Notice! This application is for managing a movie collection. Is not possible download or watch

The title search using archive supplied by TMDb. themoviedb.org (Tmdb) is a free and open movie database. It is completely open and is led by people like you. And 'now used by millions of people every month, is also used by the centers of the world's most popular media. This application interacts with this database to retrieve information about the movie. We invite you to collaborate http://www.themoviedb.org . In seconds you can add any information relevant to a movie.

You can evaluate the application by downloading All My Movies Free for Android. Is an identical version, available for free, but limited to 30 titles. Free version contains Ads.
With All My Movies for Android you can keep track of movies you have, you have owned or lent or movies you wish to buy, than those already seen, or you want to see. Never again will you have to buy or rent a movie twice.

If you buy PRO application can easily retrieve the titles included in the FREE. In FREE App make a database backup, in PRO App go to settings and tap restore the db from the FREE version.

For any problem or suggestion, please contact us at: jcoluc@gmail.com. We are unable to help you if you leave a comment in the market. Please help us improve. The quality and stability of the app is our top priority. We will happily help you for any problem.

Features:

    Add movie by title search or barcode search.
    Add movie by cast member search.
    Manage different categories (Owned, wished...).
    Customize with location, notes, evaluation and more.
    View details with synopsis, full cast list, and much more.
    Display the poster magnified high definition.
    Link to IMDB site, or if owned directly interacts with IMDB application.
    Link to TMDB site.
    Link to WIKIPEDIA site in cast management.
    Watch trailers.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 13, 2012)

    Significantly improved the search function in your movie collection
    Single touch enters movie, long hold pops the drop down
    Single touch adds movie, long hold pops the drop down
    In the drop down on the movie added the ability to delete a movie
    Return to search after adding movie

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


                                By bobiras2009		
