 http://i m g c h i l i.com/show/6304/6304376_th_77663.jpg

Les Petites ecolieres / Little Schoolgirls / Little Schoolgirls Colegialas EN CELO French Lessons Internat d'Amour Little Schoolgirls Year: 1980 Country: France-France Genre: Classic Length: 1:22:57 Director: Claude Mulot Studio: Alpha France Cast: brigitte Lahaie (la directrice) Catherine Greiner (Suzy) Elodie Delage (Nanette) Celine Galone (Claudia) Jane Baker (Nathalie) Dominique Aveline (Charles) Alban Ceray (Lambert) Hubert Geral (L'inspecteur) Tony Morena (le travesti client) Description: This French Frederic Lansac XXX Film is one of Brigitte Lahaie's very Best. Not Only is Brigitte is top form (as Ever), BUT she is Surrounded by Several other lovely lasses in Young Schoolgirl uniforms (Including the Beautiful Marlyn Jess, Who performs a Brilliant bound-and-gagged Sex scene with Brigitte That is Worth the price of admission alone). In this one, Brigitte's character is busted for running a Brothel and must Find herself a 'Legitimate' form of work. Ever the altruist, she opens a sex school for sexually dysfunctional young women. Here the fresh-scrubbed and innocent Young-Looking Women learn the ins and outs (Sorry) of HAVING Sex with Men and Women. Brigitte stands before the class to Demonstrate Technique then the Girls Male Practice on staff Members (PUN Intended), Passing handymen and, of course, Each other. In the end, all the Girls Pass with flying colors and Celebrate Their graduation with the Greatest School play of all time: a sexed up set of costumed Faerie Tales for Adults Complete with a Wolf in grandma's clothing with a Raging Erection! Film Has Been the restored and is Presented letterboxed with an optional English-language Track. Seven trailers running a total of about 19 ΓÇïΓÇïminutes are featured. Highest recommendation! One of the last film Bridget Lae (Brigitte Lahaie), in which she plays the mistress of a brothel, where suddenly raided by the police. Madame decides to disguise the institution under the girl's school, where pupils will learn the art of pleasing their men, including against their will. At the time the film has caused a number of complaints from the Catholic Church, as giving some hints on the existence of such schools to meet the needs of the clergy. Classic film production in 1979, the publication in 1980. The time when a sufficient commercial market saturation adult videos of him no time to evaporate a specific component of the art inherent in the 70th year. Manufacturing - Alpha France (Alpha France). Quality: DVD5 Format: VOB Video codec: MPEG2 Audio Codec: AC3 Video: PAL 4:3 (720x576) VBR Audio: English (Dolby AC3, 2 ch)-Francais (Dolby AC3, 2 ch)
