S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Painkiller Hell and Damnation (c) Nordic Games

31-10-2012......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
FPS................Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Heaven's Hitman is Back... With a Vengeance

Evil has returned Demonic powers are manifesting themselves as a
myriad of dark creatures, fighting over the fates of imprisoned souls
caught in Purgatory.

Once again, it is up to Daniel Garner, in the unenviable position of
being the Curse of Darkness and the Toy of Light, to fight his way past
hordes of demons and fiends.

Questions remain - Can he stop the powerful creatures that stand in his
way? Will he ever leave the hell of Purgatory and be reunited with his
wife Catherine?

Painkiller Hell & Damnation is a fast-paced, thrilling modern remake of
an all-action shooter Classic

Features:

100 % UNCUT version in all languages

A modern remake of the Classic shooters, Painkiller and Battle Out Of
Hell

14 adrenaline filled levels, including 4 Boss levels

Over 30 of the nastiest, darkest creatures from Hell

Devastating and unique arsenal of weapons

Singleplayer and Co-operative Campaigns spread across 4 Chapters

PvP and PvE Multiplayer modes

The soundtrack is forged in the same furnace as the weapons: heavy
metal

Powered by Unreal Engine 3

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Don't run the game from exe directly, or game will crash. Use the start
or desktop icon.

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix irokos
titan artdivision