Official Web Site:  http://www.nevercenter.com/camerabag/

CameraBag 2 is a desktop photo app with a whole new approach to photos. Redesigned from the ground up, CameraBag 2′s Analog Engine pairs a full suite of photographic tools with the high quality filters and vintage simulations the series is already known for. Its key innovation is a stunningly straightforward approach to layering, rearranging, and endlessly tweaking all of these effects in realtime. The 100+ fully-adjustable filters and 25+ professional controls CameraBag 2 ships with are only the beginning, forming the palette from which users create their own styles.

Key Features

Choose from 100+ built-in styles and filters, or create and share your own.
Full suite of 25+ manual photographic tools including advanced curve editors.
Stunning new interface.
State-of-the-art image processing via the all-new Analog Engine.
Add any look you create to the toolset as a fully-adjustable filter.
Quickly browse photos in a folder in your current filter with the arrow keys.
32-bits-per-component color depth.
Non-destructive editing (active history).
Easy layering of styles and adjustments.
Quicklooks and hover previews for visual decision-making.
The Remix slider, which smoothly transitions between endless variations.
Large, precise controls.
Laptop-friendly design.
Batch saving.
RAW format and metadata support.

Freedom to Play

With CameraBag 2, you don’t have to know what look you want to get started. CameraBag 2 lets you see all the possibilities at once: old-school instant film or modern high-contrast portrait, subtle color adjustment or complete artistic overhaul. Choose from side-by-side comparisons with the fullscreen Quicklooks, or get large, instant previews on mouseover; the emphasis is on creative exploration. Once you’ve chosen a filter, its components are all in the tray to tweak and adjust non-destructively with large, interactive sliders. The Remix slider in particular brings back the “happy accidents” of analog film, smoothly transitioning between infinite natural variations for each style.

Advanced Control

The new CameraBag features a full suite of photographic tools, from simple exposure and cropping to advanced vignetting, color correction, and curves. The built-in styles also now have full control over their strength and variation. Since every adjustment appears as a tile in the tray, it’s easy to see everything affecting the image at once, and rearrange tiles or edit amounts without compromising image quality. Adjustments and styles can be freely layered to create new looks, which can be saved right into the interface as new filters. Whenever a filter is loaded, the user once again has full control over all of its tiles.

The Analog Engine

At CameraBag 2’s core is the brand new Analog Engine: high-fidelity, 32 bits-per-channel, non-destructive, multi-threaded image processing. In other words, it’s fast and smooth. CameraBag 2 matches the power of high-priced software, yet it’s light on its feet and starts up instantly. Its old-school looks are particularly high tech: recreating the natural blemishes and random variations of the analog world is one of the hardest digital challenges, and that’s where we’ve devoted much of our research. Even the most heavily-modified photos retain smooth, film-like colors (especially with the extra color information in RAW files).


System Requirements:

Intel Mac.  OS X 10.6.6 or later
64-bit processor

--- PLEASE SEED ---