Falcon 4.0 Allied Force 1.0.2 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$19.99
Category: Games
Updated: Dec 01, 2011
Version: 1.0.2
Size: 731 MB
Language: English
Seller: Graphic Simulations Corporation
© 2011 Graphsim Entertainment
Rated 12+ for the following:
Frequent/Intense Realistic Violence
Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humor
Requirements: OS X 10.6.6 or later


Description

Experience the most realistic, challenging, and immersive air-combat simulation you can get!

The classic air combat simulation comes to Mac! Pilot three different variants of the F-16 Fighting Falcon, the best multi-role fighter ever built. Engage the enemy in the skies over North Korea or The Balkans, each covering over a million square kilometers of territory. High-fidelity flight physics, ultra-realistic cockpit instrumentation, and legendary dynamic campaign engine make Falcon 4.0: Allied Force singular among combat flight simulations.

Simulate an entire war with the most advanced dynamic campaign engine ever made for your computer. This remarkable feature presides over tens of thousands of vehicles; air, land and sea. No two missions ever fly the same!

Unleash real-world weapons including air-to-air missiles like the AIM-120 AMRAAM and AIM-9 Sidewinder. Deploy a vast array of air-to-ground weaponry including the AGM-65 Maverick, AGM-88 HARM, cluster bombs, slick and high drag bombs and laser-guided ordnance.

“No flight sim can hold a candle to the dynamic gameplay of [Falcon 4.0: Allied Force], and I doubt that anything ever will. If you want the most realistic combat simulation on the market, I suggest you pick up this game as fast as you can! ” 
—PC Gameworld

“[Falcon 4.0: Allied Force] heralds yet another milestone in the story of what many feel is simply the greatest air combat simulation ever made for the computer.” 
—SimHQ.com 

“The immersion of a campaign with all the ground, sea, and other air units is where this simmer thrives, and there are no equals.” 
—Combatsim.com 

“If you have ever wanted to see what it is like to be an F16 driver, then this sim is for you. You will literally feel the need for speed as you push this aircraft through its limits and make the journey that is known as Allied Force!” 
—AVSim.com 

“The ongoing war on the air, on ground, and even at sea plays out in real time and is more believable than any simulation campaign ever released." "The level of detail is staggering, and few simulations do this good a job of making players feel like there is a real war going on around them at all times.” 

PLEASE NOTE: Falcon 4.0: Allied Force is a super-high fidelity simulation of a fighter jet aircraft, and as such is not intended to be a "casual game." Expect a learning curve to become proficient, just as a real combat pilot would. 

JOYSTICK SUPPORT: A joystick is highly recommended. Some older joysticks are not supported, so if yours is older than 6 years, please contact Graphsim support to verify your make and model before purchasing. Also note that aircraft are not steerable using the mouse or a trackpad.


What's New in Version 1.0.2

New link to extended documentation
Improved joystick support
Mac-PC multiplayer