iND | Oct 27 2012 | WiN 52.8 MB 


Mixbus™ is a full-featured Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) with "True Analog Mixing"™: a combination of Harrison's world-renowned sound and features in a knob-per-function interface. Mixbus™ provides a solution for engineers and mixers who need a recorder, editor and mixing system with world-class sound and features.

Mixbus Features:

    Straightforward “knob per function” mixer layout based on Harrison's renowned 32-series and MR-series music consoles.
    DSP sounds based on Harrison's world-renowned analog and digital mixing console experience.
    Precision algorithms for EQ, Filter, Compression, Analog Tape Saturation, and Summing.
    Unlimited stereo or mono input channels, each with unlimited plugins, sends, and hardware inserts. (limited only by CPU speed)
    Phase, Input trim, High-pass Filter, Sweepable 3-band EQ, Compression, and 8 Mix Bus sends on every track.
    8 Stereo Mix Buses featuring Tone controls, Compression, Sidechaining, and Analog Tape Saturation.
    Stereo Master Bus that features Tone controls, Analog Tape Saturation, K-meter, Stereo Correlation Meter, and Limiter.
    Automatic plugin delay compensation to support effects such as parallel compression without time misalignment.
    Comprehensive "at-a-glance" metering with peak, peak hold, and compressor gain reduction visible on every track and bus.
    Extensive DAW features via the Ardour Digital Audio Workstation, refined by Harrison engineers to be smooth and stable.
    Industry standard plugin support:  Mixbus loads VST plugins on Windows, AudioUnit plugins on OSX, and LV2 plugins on Linux.
    Industry standard audio I/O support:  Mixbus uses ASIO/Directsound on Windows, CoreAudio on OSX, and JACK on Linux.



Windows-specific changes:

Clicking on the timebar ruler to locate the playhead while playing might cause an offset of 1-2 buffer periods between tracks. This has been fixed.
If multiple monitors were used in the past, the Mixer & Edit windows have their position stored in that location which would make them unavailable when only one monitor is connected. This has been fixed.



REQUIREMENTS:

CPU Architecture:
Intel or AMD,   64bit or 32 bit
2+ cores/processors required

OS Version:
Windows XP Pro or newer

Audio:
Any system soundcard should work.  High-quality ASIO-based soundcard with modern drivers is highly recommended for better performance.


INSTALLATION:

• You need WinRar or other extractor of your choice to extract the rar file

• Run setup.exe

• Place Mixbus license file on your desktop
  When Mixbus opens it will find the licence

        •  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!