HandsOnHardcore - Alice Romain (The Art of Creaming!)

 
http://www.seedimage.com/X/viewer.php?file=16399437001785476429.jpg

 
http://www.seedimage.com/X/viewer.php?file=61373851558890431409.jpg

A newcomer to our site, sexy Alice Romain, invites David Perry and Mugur into her home to help her decorate her walls with paintings. The two art consultants show her some examples of what might best adorn her abode, but then the focus of their meeting changes when Alice starts showing more than casual interest in David. Soon he’s tugging up her minidress and she’s getting on her knees to take his cock out of his slacks. She takes his meat into her mouth while Mugur wises up, puts the paintings aside, and decides he’s going to get a little of that action too, if that is what's on the lady’s mind instead of art. Soon Alice is on her knees between the two of them, moving her mouth back and forth between their dicks, licking and sucking. Soon kneeling on the couch, she blows Mugur while David pulls aside her panties and enters her pussy doggie style. Huge closeups show the veiny millimeters of his meat as it slides into her tight slot. Soon Alice’s clothes come off and she’s riding Mugur like a cowgirl while sucking on David. Pulling apart her ass, she lets us see her ready butthole too. Miss Romain switches position and rides up and down reverse cowgirl style on Mugur while sucking David, and our DDF cameras get amazing angles as this girl is fucked and filled to the brim! Soon the positions are switched and David sits down on the couch so he can relax while Alice sucks him. Then Mugur decides it’s time for ass and his giant shaft goes into Alice’s asshole. Then she sucks Mugur’s cock some more while riding on David cowgirl style, but David wants some of that good rosebud action too, so into her butt he goes while she continues to throat Mugur above. What a gigantic gape she’s left with when David takes his tool out! But the story isn’t over yet. It’s time for Alice to take both of them at the same time. With Mugur holding her up and impaling her pussy on his prick, she then takes David’s dick in her butt. You’ve never seen such incredible closeups as she is filled to the maximum down there!! Finally the loads are clearly about to arrive. David continues to fuck her ass in doggie style while she sucks Mugur, and then the cum flies. David litters her anus with a giant lake of sperm, and Mugur fills her mouth and frosts her face with his gizzum. Her holes are thoroughly creamy at the end of these epic photos and Full HD movie!!