Songs From The Vaults - A Collection Of Rocky Horror Rarities
Label: Ode Records  R2 71011-B
Format: CD, Compilation 
Country: US
Released: 1990
Genre: Non-Music, Stage & Screen
Style: Soundtrack, Promotional

Part 4 of The Rocky Horror Picture Show 15th Anniversary 4 CD Collection


Ode Records marked the 15th anniversary of The Rocky Horror Picture Show in 1990 with this commemorative four-CD/cassette box set, which contains the cast album from the 1974 Los Angeles stage production; the film soundtrack album; Rocky Horror International, a compilation of the songs performed by various casts; and Songs From the Vaults: A Collection of Rocky Horror Rarities, featuring recordings by performers who appeared in the movie, commercials for the movie, and other material. A satiric amalgam of glam rock and 1950s horror movies, The Rocky Horror Show was a minor sensation on the fringes of London musical theater in 1973. Veteran record executive and producer Lou Adler brought the show's star, Tim Curry, to L.A. and built a production around him; Adler also produced a cast album using the cream of the L.A. session scene. In these musicians' hands, the music became much slicker and more mainstream. Nevertheless, the recording was a far more professional effort than its British predecessor. The Rocky Horror Show ran for nine months in Los Angeles, after which a film version, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, was shot. Barry Bostwick and Susan Sarandon proved to be the best Brad and Janet ever; the original cast members, especially Curry, reveled in the opportunity to immortalize their portrayals; and Rocky Horror's potential as a witty parody of cheap movies, rock & roll, and sexual mores was fully realized. The songs "Planet Shmanet Janet" and "The Sword of Damocles" were heard in the film but left off the soundtrack; those tracks, plus Bostwick's deleted performance of "Once in a While," have been included on the Rocky Horror International disc, along with songs from the original London cast album and performances by casts from Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, and Australia. The Songs from the Vaults disc is a mixed bag that will appeal to completists.


01 Various - The Rocky Horror Picture Show Movie Trailer
02 Tim Curry - Baby Love
03 Richard O'Brien - Rocky Horror Radio Commercial
04 Little Nell - See You 'Round Like A Record
05 Various - Rocky Horror Radio Commercial (Belt You About The Mouth)
06 Tim Curry - Just 14
07 Shock Treatment Cast - Denton U.S.A.
08 Little Nell - Do The Swim
09 Tim Curry - Biting My Nails
10 Richard O'Brien - Shock Treatment
11 Little Nell - Fever
12 Tim Curry - We Went As Far As We Felt Like Going
13 Shock Treatment Cast - Little Black Dress
14 Little Nell - Beauty Queen
15 The Laker Band - The Time Warp
		