Numbers 2.2 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$19.99
Category: Productivity
Updated: Jul 25, 2012
Version: 2.2
Size: 181 MB
Languages: English, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish
Seller: Apple Inc.
© 2008-2012 Apple Inc.
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.7.4 or later


Description

Plan a wedding. Save for retirement. Track your workouts. Keep a baby journal. Anyone can be good with numbers.

Numbers ’09 can help you plan and dream, and great-looking, Apple-designed templates will help you get started. Tables are already made. Formulas have been figured out. Fonts are in place. It's all ready to go. Just choose one of the 30 templates to use for home, work, and school and make it your own. If you’re starting with a blank sheet, that’s easy, too. Spreadsheets are built on a flexible, free-form canvas. So you can move tables, charts, graphics, and text anywhere you want on the page. Effortlessly create formulas using an intuitive browser with more than 250 functions. Add interactive controls such as sliders, steppers, and checkboxes that let you play “what if” in real time. Scale your document with a drag of the mouse or trackpad to create the perfect printout using the interactive print view. You can even add photos, movies, and music to your spreadsheet with just a few clicks.


What's New in Version 2.2

This update includes the features listed below.  To use these features, update your Mac to OS X Mountain Lion.

• iCloud: Store spreadsheets in iCloud and keep them automatically up to date across your Mac, iPad*, iPhone*, iPod touch*, and the web. Changes made to a spreadsheet on one device automatically appear on all your other devices.
• Dictation: Speak words, numbers, or sentences and watch them appear in your spreadsheet. 

Numbers 2.2 is also enhanced to take advantage of the Retina display on the new MacBook Pro so spreadsheets appear sharper and more vibrant.

* Requires Numbers 1.6.1 or later installed on iOS device.