Empire of Silver (2009) Asian - China DIVX NL ENG Subs BB


AKA: Baiyin Diguo

Country: China, Taiwan, Hong Kong
Year: 2009
Genre: Drama

Language: Mandarin, English
Subtitle: English (srt)
Additional Subs: Dutch/NL (srt) Custom made by falang01

Runtime: 112 minutes

Directed by: Christina Yao
Cast: Aaron Kwok, Tielin Zhang and Lei Hao


Synopsis:

China, 1899. A hedonistic young man must assume the role of heir to a banking empire he cares little about. Following the tragic kidnapping of his brothers wife, "Third Master" reluctantly submits to pressure from his overbearing father. Powerful bank-owner Lord Kang is determined to prepare Third Master for financial leadership by molding his son into his own image. The ruthless businessman tries to convince his son to choose a proven unscrupulous bank manager over a more honest one. But the idealistic Third Master has always questioned his father's autocratic rule and ethics. the tense relationship is further complicated by Third Masters undying love for his beautiful young stepmother, his first and only love stolen from him by his own father. Embarking on a metaphysical journey, Third Master must decide whether to follow his father's path or find his own. Greed, deception and jealousy surface under the pressures of war and the impending change from silver to paper bills...

Inhoud:

Het jaar is 1899. De hedonistische zoon van de machtige bankier Kang staat op het punt om het imperium van zijn vader over te nemen. Een imperium waar hij tot nu toe geen enkele interesse in heeft gehad. Kang is vastbesloten om zijn zoon net als hem in een koudbloedige zakenman te veranderen. Echter heeft zijn idealistische zoon altijd al zijn twijfels gehad bij zijn vader's zakelijke aanpak.



Spotinformatie
Typ..........: Film
Formaat......:  DivX
Bron.........: Retail
Subs.........: Nederlands ,Engels (extern)
Genre........: Drama, Asian
Language.....: Mandarin
Subtitle.....: English (srt)
Additional Subs: Dutch/NL (srt) Custom made by falang01

 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/58218 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1362045/