0x0007 presents

Game Title    : Torchlight II
Developer    : (c) Runic Games
Language      : German/English
Game Type    : Action-RPG
Release Date  : 11/2012
Disc(s)      : 1 DVD
Protection    : Activation

Game Notes:

NOTE:
This is the retail version and includes all
available updates(Update 6, 1.16.5.3). All
further updates should work now with this
version.
If you like the game, buy it (not on steam).

Torchlight II ignites the franchise developed
by Runic Games in this exciting sequel to the
award-winning Action RPG Torchlight. Runic
Games, located in Seattle, is a veteran team
composed of the designers and leads of
projects like Diablo, Diablo II, Mythos, Fate,
and Torchlight, which won the Game Developer's
Choice Award for Best Debut of 2009.
Torchlight II presents more of our unique art
style, drawing from traditional animation
influences and expanding on the whimsical and
quirky world captured in the original
Torchlight. We aim for that broad appeal
that's appropriate for older kids, but is
really intended for the kid in every adult.
CO-OP ACTION The most exciting new feature of
Torchlight II is the multiplayer component.
Play with your friends, and use the free
peer-to-peer matchmaking service to meet new
players of a similar level and interest.
Together, discover expansive outdoor areas and
deep ominous caverns random instanced and
persistent dungeons, a huge variety of all new
monsters and villains, endless variations of
loot to find, and quests to complete. Players
journey through the mysterious overworld,
enjoying all new weather features, time of day
events, and a rich and cunning story to drive
gameplay. BACKSTORY Years ago, the Heroes of
Torchlight saved the world from the dragon
Ordrak. But now the corrupted Dark Alchemist
has stolen the dragon's heart, and is using it
to attack the Guardians - the ancient,
powerful beings who maintain the balance of
the six elements. The player witnesses the
destruction wrought by this terrible artifact,
and begins a quest to put a stop to the Dark
Alchemist's insane plans. The trail leads from
the beleaguered Estherian Steppes, through the
war-torn Mana Wastes and the haunted ruins of
an ancient dwarven city, before taking the
player to a realm where no mortal being has
set foot in thousands of years - and where an
even more awful evil struggles to force itself
into the world

How to play:

1. Mount/burn
2. Copy over the content of the crack dir

Best Regards

Team 0x0007

eXpect
more soon