Contains:
- Booklet scans
- All tracks in 1 .flac file

CD Paisajes del recuerdo Carlos Mena

Browsing the new-release section of your favorite classical music website, you might find this disc of songs from Spain's Basque country, many of them unpublished and never recorded before, and many of them in the strange Basque language (which is unrelated to any other tongue on the planet) -- performed to boot, by a countertenor. You might dismiss it as too weird. And you would be making a mistake. Countertenor Carlos Mena, who has recorded quite a variety of vocal music, is a native of Vitoria-Gastei in the Basque region and approaches this music with native fluency and confidence. His emotional but not operatic style fits the modest dimensions of these songs. But his most intriguing coup here is his discovery of this music, which runs roughly from the beginning of the twentieth century to its end. Most of the pieces come from the earlier decades, and many can be generally categorized as the kind of national song that sets a folk melody with a piano accompaniment reflecting the technique of art song. In the case of Basque song, however, this results in some fascinating fusions as the unusual meters (think fives, both regular and irregular) of the original songs clash with the more conventional accompaniments. Sample track 21, the Zortzico of Emilana de Zubeldia, to hear the complexity in which even outwardly conservative settings become engrossed. Other songs, in the Spanish or in a few cases the French languages, reflect more influences from the main streams of twentieth century art song, from the post-Impressionist mélodie up to quizzical Spanish modernism, but all share a distinct flavor that turns melancholy or roughly humorous by turns. Commentary and full texts, no matter what the original language, are given in Basque, Spanish, French, and English. Not only for Mena fans and listeners interested in Basque culture, this disc will fascinate anyone who pays attention to the points at which the Western musical system begins to meet musical languages it cannot so easily incorporate, and it undoubtedly deserves extra points for sheer originality.(from allmusic.com)

Track Listings
1. Baratza Baten Lor Polit Bat
2. Bazko Eta Salbatore
3. Atxia Motxia
4. Mundian Den Ederra
5. Nanas: Bili Bili Bon Bon
6. Nanas: Binbili Bonbolo
7. Nanas: Lua, Lua
8. Nanas: Itxasoetan
9. Nanas: Ni Ez Naiz Zomorrua
10. Paysage
11. Melodias Para Canto Y Piano: Las Ave Marias
12. Melodias Para Canto Y Piano: Misterio
13. Melodias Para Canto Y Piano: Triste Y Sombrio
14. Zortzico
15. Paisaje
16. Nochebuena
17. La Madre Canta
18. Anhelo
19. Refugio
20. La Mona Que Danza
21. Zortzico
22. Dire Tu Nombre
23. Lieder Basko
24. Tres Cantos Vascos: Marzaren Orpotik
25. Tres Cantos Vascos: Urrundik
26. Tres Cantos Vascos: Aberri Mattiari
27. Ollo Eder Bat
28. Tres Canciones De Segovia: Bronce
29. Tres Canciones De Segovia: Amor
30. Tres Canciones De Segovia: Agua
31. Os Miro Antes De Irme
32. Azules

Will be seeding during daytime (Kiev timezone). Let me know if there is any problem. !!!SEED!!! afterwards!