With PowerDVD XP 4.0 Standard software get numerous, customizable video and audio controls that deliver a high-quality DVD viewing and listening experience on your PC. PowerDVD XP offers feature-rich navigation controls for a more interactive and tailored DVD experience. Version 4.0 adds several new features including Dolby Pro Logic II decoding, virtual speaker setting capabilities, enhanced screen capturing, and a customizable toolbar navigator. And now, PowerDVD is designed for use with Microsoft Windows XP. 
Advanced, customizable controls make viewing DVDs easier and more enjoyable. Use the toolbar navigator to quickly access scenes without bringing up the user interface. View information about current title position, video bit rate, audio channel information, and audio bit rate with the enhanced onscreen display. Click on the i-Power button to go directly to the DVDonet Web site to find updates on DVD-related news, DVD movie reviews, the most recent PowerDVD skins, forums, and much more. 
Get a theater-like listening experience on your PC with PowerDVD XP 4.0's audio features. Decode Dolby Digital and Dolby Pro Logic II audio. With two speakers you can set up an optimal sound environment using the virtual speaker settings. With Dolby Headphone Technology, receive virtual surround sound playback using standard stereo headphones. Three different mode selections are provided to optimize sound effects in various settings. PowerDVD XP 4.0 is the latest evolution of the world acclaimed DVD software program that offers maximum video and audio playback entertainment on the PC. It comes complete with numerous customizable video/audio controls that can deliver the highest quality viewing and listening experience. As well, PowerDVD XP offers feature-rich navigation controls, for a more interactive and tailored DVD experience. PowerDVD XP is guaranteed to deliver the highest quality and personalized DVD playback experience possible on the PC today!!

                          Features/Specifications

PowerDVD XP 4.0 Standard OEM
Enhance your DVD-viewing experience on your PC
Get direct access to DVD-related content
Numerous interactive and customizable features
More audio output and decoding options
Customizable toolbar navigator 

                           Product Requirements

Pentium II 350 MHz or faster processor (400 MHz recommended for use with Dolby Headphone or Pro Logic II)
Microsoft Windows 95, 98, 2000, Me, NT 4.0, or XP
64 MB RAM
40 MB hard disk space
Video card supporting DirectDraw overlay
PCI sound card, USB audio box, or built-in audio device
Mouse 