Five Live, released in 1993, features five (in some countries, where it is considered to be a reduced-length long-playing album, six) tracks, performed by George Michael, Queen, and Lisa Stansfield. "Somebody to Love" and "These Are the Days of Our Lives" (both also available on video) were recorded at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert, held on 20 April 1992, at Wembley Stadium.

All proceeds from the sale of the EP benefited the Mercury Phoenix Trust. Sales of the record were in fact very strong throughout Europe, where it debuted at Number One, in the UK Singles Chart, and several European countries, either considered as a single, an extended play, or an LP. Chart success in the U.S. was far less spectacular, but the EP still peaked at Number 30 on the Billboard 200.

An edited shorter version of "Killer" and "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone," a live medley performed by Michael at the Wembley Arena, was released as a further independent single, in some territories only. The singer also shot a video for it, where he did not appear personally though (it was during the time when the artist refused to exploit his outward look, which he thought would distract the audience from the music, his main concern). The video was directed by Marcus Nispel.

While "These Are the Days of Our Lives," played by Queen, is actually a duet between George Michael and Lisa Stansfield, the sixth optional track is represented by a short performance by Queen, entitled "Dear Friends," originally sung by Freddie Mercury himself. Recorded in 1974, this constitutes the one studio recording on the record.

Usually, countries where the six-track work is distributed consider it to be as a short LP, whereas those where the five-track (hence, its title) work is available generally tend to see it as an EP or even (if "Killer/Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" was not marketed independently in those same territories) as a particularly long or content-rich single. However, no matter its status, whether an EP, a short album or a long single, the work as a whole sold an estimated 5 million copies worldwide

Track Listing [320k MP3]

    "Somebody to Love" (Freddie Mercury) – 5:17 (U.S. #30)
        Performed by Queen and George Michael
    "Killer" (Adam Tinley/Seal-Henry Samuel) – 5:58
        Performed by George Michael
    "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" (Norman Whitfield/Barrett Strong) – 5:24
        Performed by George Michael
    "These Are the Days of Our Lives" (Queen) – 4:43
        Performed by Queen, George Michael and Lisa Stansfield
    "Calling You" (Bob Telson) – 6:17
        Performed by George Michael
    "Dear Friends" (Brian May) – 1:07 
        Performed by Queen (1974 studio recording)
