Evil Genius

Genre: Strategy / Real-time / Managerial
Release Date: September 28, 2004
Compatible With: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit)
Languages: English, French, German, Spanish.
Developer/Publisher: Elixir Studios / Rebellion
Game Modes: Single-player

ESRB Rating: TEEN with Violence, Suggestive Themes, Comic Mischief. PEGI Rating: 12+ with Violence.

---

Build a secret base, gain notoriety by completing daring missions, repel the forces of justice in real-time combat, and develop evil super-weapons to complete your nefarious master plan. As a malevolent mastermind bent on achieving global domination, through the construction of the ultimate doomsday device, Evil Genius gives you all the dastardly with none of the muttley. A tongue-in-cheek take on the spy thrillers of the '60s, offering you the unique opportunity to play the villain as you control a secret island fortress complete with powerful henchmen, loyal minions, ice-cold beauty queens, and a host of hilarious gizmos.

Will you dare to try how evil you are?

Features:
    *Become the ultimate villain and take over the world!
    *Fun-packed gameplay with humor and clich∩┐╜ lurking around every corner
    *Unique, memorable characters and stylish, cartoonish visuals

---

Minimum system requirements:
Windows XP or Windows Vista
1.8 GHz Processor
512MB RAM (1 GB recommended)
3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended)
4GB HDD

Compatibility notice: Evil Genius is incompatible with Intel integrated graphic controllers (including notebook/netbook graphics)

Patched to version 1.01

---

Installation Instructions:

Step 1: Run setup_evil_genius.exe
Step 2: Follow the installation prompts
Step 3: Enjoy the game!

---

GOG Extras:

31 Page Manual
6 HD Wallpapers
12 GOG-style Forum Avatars
11 Artwork images
World Domination Starter Kit Bonus CD
.mp3 Game Soundtrack

---

If you enjoy drm-free gaming with great support and fair prices, please consider visiting www.gog.com and buy games you like, if you feel like it. They deserve your support for doing these awesome releases!
