Acorn 3.5 + Crack.

$49.99
Category: Graphics & Design
Updated: Oct 09, 2012
Version: 3.5
Size: 16.1 MB
Language: English
Seller: Flying Meat Inc.
© 2012 Flying Meat Inc.
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6 or later


Description

Everyone needs to edit images at some point, but not everyone has the time to learn super pricey wizbang image editing programs. This is why we created Acorn. Add text and shapes to your digital pictures. Combine images together to create your own. Work with layers to touch up your favorites or make something new from scratch. Do all this and more with Acorn. 

Palette: All of the tools condense into one easy to use palette to keep your screen uncluttered and inviting. Easily move the palette around if it gets in your way, or press the tab key to make it hide.

Layers: Use layers, layer styles, and blending modes to make the most of photo editing by allowing easy placement of text and other objects without destroying the picture underneath. Layers allow you to try things out, and change your mind later on.

Tutorials and Documentation: Acorn comes with online documentation, tutorials, and a forum, so you don't have to learn by yourself.

Text: Acorn's text tools give you control over text while maintaining an easy to use interface. Everything is in the text palette from bold and italic to kern and ligature. There's even spell check, because we need it. To take it to the next level, convert your text into a Bezier Path. Since Acorn's text tools build on top of Mac OS X's, you get full unicode support, and rich text formatting.

Drawing: Acorn features brushes that let you draw, scribble, and sketch right on your image. Use a track pad, mouse, or even a tablet. Create your own brushes using Acorn's built in brush designer.

Erasing: Powerful eraser tools like Instant Alpha make removing unwanted areas of your image both fast and fun.

Layer Masks: Use layer masks in your image to block out unwanted areas of your image or to expose layers below.

Filters: Acorn has all of the filters you're looking for, and even includes a great interface to chain filters together to create unique effects.

Gradients: Acorn's multistop gradients place endless combinations of colors at your fingertips. Add and remove colors simply by dragging and dropping them in and out of the gradient preview window.

Vector Shapes: Vector shapes let you make squares, circles and lines, but keep the flexibility of changing things later on. Add and subtract points from Bezier paths and rotate your shapes with the flick of a wrist. Acorn makes creating shapes in your image a breeze.

Screenshots: As long as Acorn is open, press the Command-Shift-6 keys while in any application. Acorn will make a screenshot of your entire screen. Your image will be brought into Acorn immediately, ready for work.

Selections: Make different shaped selections, invert them, feather, even add a corner radius. Use Quick Mask for intricate selections. Or, if you're looking to quickly select an entire color, try using the Magic Wand.

Web Export: When you need to get that image size smaller and still looking good for the web, take a look at Web Export. Acorn provides an estimate for the export file size and lets you compare the compressed version to the original.

Photoshop Files: Acorn now offers improved support for loading PSD images, and for exporting your images as layered Photoshop files.

Performance: Acorn goes all the way up to 64. Bits that is. A faster Acorn means less waiting equals more time creating.

Automate and Script Acorn: Automate Acorn using Automator, AppleScript, and even JavaScript by way of JSTalk. And there are plenty of examples for you to build on. You can even write custom plugins for Acorn using the Python scripting language, JavaScript, as well as Objective-C.


What's New in Version 3.5

# New Stuff:
* The magic wand selection tool now has an option for contiguous or non-contiguous selections. In addition to this, if you use the magic wand tool on a shape layer with the contiguous option turned off, it effectively works as a "select all shapes with this fill color" tool. Which is pretty rad if you have a bunch of shapes that you want to change the colors on.
* New File ▸ Layer Export… menu item, which will export a single layer out of Acorn. In addition to this, if you have a shape layer that you want to export and it doesn't have any layer styles associated with it, a pure vector PDF will be written out.
* The contextual menu now has a copy of the Layer ▸ Shape Align and Size menu for working with selected shapes quickly.
* New layer blend modes: Divide, Lighter Color, Darker Color, Hard Mix, and Subtract.
* New Generator ▸ Sunburst filter, which lets you make some awesome backgrounds.
* Mask to Alpha is now available as a new layer style option