Electra (1962)
starring Irene Papas
Directed by  Mihalis Kakogiannis 
Original Greek with
Black and White with  easy to read English hardsub

Nominated for 3 Oscars. Another 11 wins & 12 nominations

runtime: 1 hr 52 minutes 

IMDb number:  /tt0055950

IMDb description:

This excellent adaptation by Michael Cacoyannis (whose name varies in spelling over his long career of doing Greek drama) of the famous tragedy by Euripides garnered him his first international success and an award at the 1962 Cannes Film Festival. Irene Papas plays Electra, the daughter of King Agememnon and sister of Orestes, caught up in an uncontrollable need for revenge. After the king returns from the battlefield, Clytemestra (his wife) joins with her lover in murdering the hapless ruler while he bathes. Orestes is sent away immediately, and Electra is left to simmer in her growing hatred of her mother until one day, she and Orestes manage to get together and hatch a scheme to avenge Agememnon's death.
--

my notes

  I have gone back to this drama several times lately just for the look of it.  The black and white style resembles the post war work of Rosselini's Open City.  Papas appears with here hair shorn as an outcast and has the hard look of someone betrayed. 
  These treatments of ancient Greek drama are all too rare and they are a trademark of Cacoyannis throughout his career.  Look for Iphegenia as well.  

  As an added observation it is interesting to see this Electra and then the Iphigenia with Papas first in the role of Electra at a young age and then as the mother of Iphegenia in the next generation of the Greek story.
  I got the dvd of Electra locally and it is the best source around that I know of.  I've had it going elsewhere but as things change in the torrent community  this is a new torrent.
   The DVD is currently available at the usual sources.  Please encourage your library to acquire it order that more viewers learn from and enjoy the history of the dramaa.

Notes written November 30th, 2012
