               BORIS FX Final Effects Complete MACOSX

A Comprehensive Collection of Visual Effects Filters

Final Effects Complete delivers a collection of effects plug-ins for leading nonlinear editing and compositing solutions. Ranging from graceful blurs and edges to radical warps and particle generators, FEC dramatically augments your creative arsenal without forcing you to learn a new application. The simplicity of the filters combined with the native host interface, reduces the learning curve to virtually zero. Most filters feature less than a dozen parameters; only a few simple adjustments are required to create totally unique organic effects.

VFX Filters and Transitions for Adobe After Effects and Premiere Pro

Final Effects Complete 6 AE brings over 110 designer effects and transitions to Macintosh and Windows versions of Adobe After Effects and Premiere Pro CS6, CS5, and CS4. Ranging from graceful blurs and edges to radical warps and particle generators, Final Effects Complete dramatically augments your creative arsenal. Full-featured 3D and 2D particle animations include ball action, explosions, distortions, jet trails, hair, liquid mercury distortions, spotlights, and color transitions. The simplicity of the filters combined with the native host interface reduces your learning curve to virtually zero. Most filters feature less than a dozen parameters; only a few simple adjustments are required to create totally unique organic effects.

The new Version 6 release features support for native After Effects lights, on-screen overlay control widgets for streamlined workflow, audio-driven keyframe generation, and a new Compare Mode feature to compare the filtered result with the unfiltered source via either a side-by-side or live split-screen view. Each Final Effects Complete filter has been re-engineered for 64-bit operating systems. 

110+ Designer Effects and Transitions for Adobe After Effects and Adobe Premiere Pro

Final Effects Complete 6 AE brings over 110 designer effects and transitions to Macintosh and Windows versions of Adobe After Effects and Premiere Pro CS6, CS5, CS4, and CS3. The new release features support for native After Effects lights, on-screen overlay control widgets for streamlined workflow, audio-driven keyframe generation, and a new Compare Mode feature to compare the filtered result with the unfiltered source via either a side-by-side or live split-screen view. Each Final Effects Complete filter has been re-engineered for 64-bit operating systems.

Installation:

.   Install BorisFX Product

.   Use XFORCE keygen to generate your Serial
 Proceed with installation ...

.   Start BorisFX product, at the registration screen select Unlock
Generate your Activation code using XFORCE Keygen

.  That's it, EnjoY!!!