ABOUT
ΓÇ£Woe to you, Oh Earth and Sea,
for the Devil sends the beast with wrath
because he knows the time is shortΓÇª

Let him who hath understanding reckon
the distro of the beast,
for it is a Linux distro,
its distro is Ubuntu Satanic Edition.ΓÇ¥

WHAT IS UBUNTU?
Ubuntu is a complete GNU/Linux operating system. It is open source and freely available. It is based on Debian GNU/Linux and has very advanced package management, making it easy to install any of the the thousands of programs which are available.

WHAT IS UBUNTU SATANIC EDITION?
Ubuntu SE (not to be confused with SELinux) is a Linux distribution based on Ubuntu. It brings together the best free software and free metal music on one CD.

You can also upgrade your existing Ubuntu installation with a comprehensive set of themes to make your desktop dark and malevolent. DonΓÇÖt worry; you can easily change your system back if you intend to recant.

INSTALLATION
Installing Ubuntu SE is quite simple, you install it like any other operating system.  To install, you first burn the ISO image to a recordable DVD (you can use Google to find lots of free disk burning software, or just download one from TPB).  Next, you shut down your computer and put the disk in the disk drive.  When you boot up your computer, it should automatically read from the disk and present you with options to install or use Ubuntu Satanic Edition.  If it doesn't, you may have to press F12 while the computer is at the BIOS screen (or whatever button your computer uses) to get into the boot device options, where you simply select the disk drive.  Note that this is the 64-bit edition, which means it'll ONLY run on computers with a 64-bit processor (most computers now days are 64-bit so you shouldn't have to worry).

This torrent use to be on Demonoid, but now that it's dead (RIP), I decided to upload it here so everyone else can download it (or just try it out in live CD mode).  Understand that this operating system is not in actuality a religious OS, it was simply made because, well, it's pretty damn cool...  Unlike some shit like Ubuntu Christian Edition (*puke*), this does not focus on the religion Satanism, but more on awesome backgrounds and metal music.

Please seed for as long as you can to keep this torrent alive.  Now that the Demonoid has died this little guy has to find a new home!