Gallery: 
 
http://imagedomino.com/?g=908253

Size: 555394745 bytes (529.67 MiB), duration: 01:33:51, avg.bitrate: 789 kb/s
Audio: aac, 48000 Hz, stereo (eng)
Video: h264, yuv420p, 640x360, 29.97 fps


Today we get a taste of petite Latina spinner Rosa, a 19 year old firecracker from San Diego. Right off I notice that for a petite lil' thing Rosa has a serious rack. On the way to the hotel she readily agrees to pull off her top and show off her amazing tits. With a little prompting ads her shorts to the pile; so the rest of the ride is panties only. I use this time to coax as much personal details out of her as possible. I make her deep throat her smoothie straw because girls like stupid challenges. It also helps me gauge her willingness to do what I want. So far so good.
Once we get to the hotel, Rosa is more than compliant. She models a couple of looks for me and we settle on an impossibly short skirt and a red tank, without a bra. Which is pretty much perfect for a 5-foot spinner with nice, jiggly titties. As we make some pointless small talk I can tell she's excited and ask her to start stripping. Before long I'm fingering her snatch and I happily discover that she's already wet. About three seconds after this I realize that she's up for anything and decide to sit her fine tan ass on the Sybian.
"I just came!"I love hearing those words, especially if the girl uttering them didn't expect this to happen. It isn't more than a few minutes into her Sybian ride before Rosa announces that the Sybian has done its job for the first time this afternoon by bringing her to a grinning, lip biting orgasm. I hand off the control to her so she can be in charge of her own pleasure and, to lift a phrase, it's ON. As she grinds her pussy into the humming Sybian I feed her some cock and between gasps and moans she swallows it like a popsicle on a hot day. As she services me from tip to taint, I take back control of the Sybian and work it mercilessly. While the noise sounds like a P-51 Mustang in a dog fight, the vibrations work over Rosa's pussy until she can't stand it and collapses in a panting orgasm. Repeated back to back from all angles because it's so hot when Rosa cums.
Victory! Like a true champion, she doesn't stop sucking for more than a few seconds as I move her from Sybian to bed and before long she's licking from the tip of my shaft to my asshole without a break. How's that song go about wishing they could all be California girls? (hmmn, probably not what they had in mind…) By the time Rosa gets done sucking me off her pussy is so wet it's almost dripping and I can use her wetness to finger her, front door or back and she doesn't complain. Before long she's asking me to fuck her and, being a gentleman, I oblige and slide it in. As she writhes and moans, she admits that she likes being fucked like this which seems like the perfect time to flip her over. She asks me to rub her clit while I fuck her in doggy and that gets her off. Now it's time to push the envelope and go for the backdoor.
I get her on her knees and ready to take it in the ass but either I'm too huge (not likely) or her ass is too tiny (possible?) but (butt?) it just doesn't happen for too long - despite the grunting and sexy lip biting. She says she feels like she failed. Awwww...Time to make it up to me by letting me pin her on her belly and fuck her like that (she LOVES that one), and then after that ride my cock like a maniac. That'll make things better. After one hell of a ride (hehe) I coat her face and tits and stomach... and, okay maybe a pillow, with a huge load that surprised even me. Rosa takes it all in stride and is surprised by the amount of cum covering her. She's still in great spirits as she unsuccessfully tries to wipe my jizz off herself in the bathroom. Our classy Latina got tagged with white boy sperm and she doesn't seem to mind. Great girl, I'd love to have her come back and finish the assfucking part. - Jay