Total Recall                                                 Rel. 06/01/1990


Format:        DVD9 Movie NTSC
Lang.:         English, Spanish, French (Subs Included)
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Rated:         R
Source:        Original Special Features DVD
Gene:          Action
Quality:       Perfect - Untouched
Requirements:  DVD Player



Compressed with 7Zip, Tested Working.



Running Time: 113 minutes



- Movie Info -
     
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100802/



Release Notes:  This is the Special Features version DVD. It also contains
                Director's Comments, plus deleted scenes. This is a direct
                rip nothing was removed, except previews. This is also
                the DVD9 Original format of the Special Edition DVD
                Movie and is Untouched.



Description:

Director - Paul Verhoeven

Writers - Philip K. Dick

Stars: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sharon Stone, Michael Ironside

   
Douglas Quaid is haunted by a recurring dream about a journey to Mars. He hopes to find out more about this dream and buys a holiday at Rekall Inc. where they sell implanted memories. But something goes wrong with the memory implantation and he remembers being a secret agent fighting against the evil Mars administrator Cohaagen. Now the story really begins and it's a rollercoaster ride until the massive end of the movie.


Pics Included.


Burn ISO to your DVD DL media watch in your DVD player, or Computer.

(You can mount The iso to, to play on your computer).


If Burning use .dvd file or make sure 2nd layer sector is 
set to 1880576 for burning on your DVD Dual Layer Disc Media.
(ImgBurn App is recommended to use for burning).


If you have DVD+R DL you might need to booktype it to
DVD-ROM to work with your dvd player if it won't play
a DVD+R format. If for some reason you can't get it
to play on a dvd player just mount the iso and watch
on your computer, example Windows Media Player.



Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!			