Prehistoric Autopsy

Science Documentary hosted by Alice Roberts and George McGavin, published by BBC in 2012 - English narration



Information
------------------------------

Anatomist Professor Alice Roberts and biologist Dr George McGavin go on an extraordinary evolutionary journey to meet our ancient ancestors. At the Prehistoric Autopsy HQ in Glasgow, with the help of a team of international experts, each episode follows the rebuilding of one of our most iconic ancient ancestors from the bones up.


1)  Neanderthal 
To make the reconstructions as accurate as possible Alice and George have travelled the globe, gathering evidence from the world's leading scientists. In the lab, scientists put the latest theories to the test to see how similar or different we really are to our ancient ancestors, while experimental archeologists look for clues as to how they lived. All the research has been fed to a team of model makers who have spent months painstakingly reconstructing skeletons, muscles, skin and hair.

2)  Homo Erectus 
This time they go back 1.5 million years to meet one of the earliest humans, Homo erectus. They walked the earth far longer than any other human species and were the first ancestors to look a lot like we do today. The team reveal the latest research that suggests Homo erectus were good hunters, were skilled at making stone tools and could probably control fire. They also look at evidence that suggests some individuals were helping those who couldn't help themselves. It may be the oldest evidence we have for something we think of as a human trait - compassion.

3)  Lucy 
This episode looks at probably the most famous of all our early ancestors. She is called Lucy from the species Australopithecus afarensis and she lived 3.2 million years ago. Lucy's species had traded life in the trees for life on the ground, but this ability to routinely walk upright came at a price and it is one we are still paying today.


Technical Specs
------------------------------


Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 1527 kbps
Video Resolution: 720 x 416
Video Aspect Ratio: (16:9)
Frames Per Second: 25
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3)
Audio Bitrate: 128 kb/s AC3 48000 Hz)
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: English
RunTime Per Part: 59.Mins
Number Of Parts: 3
Part Size: 700 MB
Source: PDTV
Encoded by Harry65


Links
------------------------------

1)  Further Information 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p00xfdmt


