YUMI (Your Universal Multiboot Installer), is the successor to MultibootISOs. It can be used to create a Multiboot USB Flash Drive containing multiple operating systems, antivirus utilities, disc cloning, diagnostic tools, and more. Contrary to MultiBootISO's which used grub to boot ISO files directly from USB, YUMI uses syslinux to boot extracted distributions stored on the USB device, and reverts to using grub to Boot Multiple ISO files from USB, if necessary.

Aside from a few distributions, all files are stored within the Multiboot folder, making for a nicely organized Multiboot Drive that can still be used for other storage purposes.

Creating a YUMI Multiboot MultiSystem Bootable USB Flash Drive
YUMI works much like Universal USB Installer, except it can be used to install more than one distribution to run from your USB. Distributions can also be uninstalled using the same tool!

****
YUMI-0.0.7.8.exe ΓÇô October 29, 2012 ΓÇô Changelog

Correct Lubuntu 12.10 amd64 menu entry. Added support for Ubuntu Studio 12.10.
Download YUMI-0.0.7.8.exeYUMI-0.0.7.8.exeSource Code
How to Create a MultiBoot USB Flash Drive

    Run* YUMI-0.0.7.8.exe following the onscreen instructions
    Run the tool again to Add More ISOs/Distributions to your Drive
    Restart your PC setting it to boot from the USB device
    Select a distribution to Boot from the Menu and enjoy!

That's all there is to it. You should now be booting your favorite distributions from your custom Multi-Boot USB device!

How It Works: YUMI (Your Universal Multiboot Installer) enables each user to create their own custom Multiboot UFD containing only the distributions they want, in the order by which they are installed. A new distribution can be added to the UFD each time the tool is run.

If you run YUMI from the same location you store ISO downloads, they should be auto-detected (*See Known Issues Below), eliminating the need to browse for each ISO.

Other Notes: If MultibootISOs was previously used, you must reformat the drive and start over. YUMI uses Syslinux directly, and chainloads to grub only if necessary, so it is not compatible with the older Multiboot ISO tool. Although I do plan to add back most of the capabilities of MultibootISOs as time permits.

The distro uninstaller works great, but unlisted ISO's that have been added must currently be manually removed! Also note that not all Unlisted ISO's can be booted (thus adding unlisted ISO's is an unsupported option).



