Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                   
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                    
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                   
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                   
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains one video, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?jbsuhgezeobhlfuorrt4ax3cj    cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zd43mxa1ips6pyterfqwehdqnq9  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?omje9el6on9yzek02gp6euhu4kd5 breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?15djjly4qlqzipd2yfinkwh1pkl3 spreading legs 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?7o03rtmhisohnws9b4r506ctcea2 spreading lips 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?b8hzne4aafns444t2b5jkphpmxge vid screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rfbz4jo2lzyp0g8q2q3edk89unoq vid storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: I live in a small town in Cali but I venture out to LA when I can. I was a weee bit nervous boarding the plane this morn as I don't fly much. It was lovely to be in the warm Phoenix sun for the day! I'm a huge football and baseball fan (go 49ers and Padres!!!!). The shoot was like nothing I've been through before. I felt a little shy and anxious but had a ton of adrenaline going the whole day. I'd say my favorite parts were the dried peaches I snacked on and shooting in public places even though I was scared. Attempting to "panty stuff" (which I failed miserably at btw) was also a new thing for me. I did have a hard time masturbating in front of the photographer since it's such a private thing for me (I won't even let my boyfriend watch lol). I was a lot more comfortable at the end of the day when I got to play with myself alone like I would at home. Hope you all enjoy as much as I did :) <3

Daniel's Comments:  NI picked Hayden up at the airport and she was dressed in a cute winter outfit which was pretty conservative and didn't show off how perfect her body is. The first thing I noticed was her adorable high-pitched voice. In the car she explained how she doesn't own a vibrator and uses her fingers at home only when shes alone. When we get to the house we find that she left us with very few choices for outfits. We start on location as she plays with her dress and exposes her perfect 34C's followed by getting naked on a staircase. We hear people walk by in the background but never get caught. Back at the house she puts on a sexy white pair of bra and panties that she's never worn before and plays with a matching white vibrator. Her masturbation attempt ends up being very uneventful. Back on location she poses for us and a couple cars slow down to see what's going on in the background. Since her first masturbation attempt failed, we decide to see how much of a cucumber she can take back at the house. She enjoys seeing how deep it can go and thick, white juices begin to form. She plays in the backyard chasing bunnies, smelly roses and showing how flexible she is. Last on location spot she is more comfortable and goes straight to being completely naked. She's never heard of panty stuffing before so I suggest she tries it. Unfortunately she can only get about 1/4th in before giving up. The final masturbation scene is filmed on a tripod with no one else in the room in hopes of her having a strong natural orgasm but we are left disappointed. Earlier in the day she asked me how I know a girl has came on video. My reply of course was that most have obvious contractions, toe curling or body spasms. She explained that she's never experienced any of that during an orgasm which leads me to doubt she's ever had a REAL one.  When Rob recommended that I put the camera on a tripod and let her do it her way with her fingers.  Fortunately she managed to have a real one to finish this shoot, and probably the only real orgasm you're ever going to see of her on the net.
Definite mistakes on my part of this shoot was to not include a breast/butt/foot massage as she really had a phenomenal body. More extreme close-up photos/video should have been taken as well. These are the things I realize after the fact, but I learn from my mistakes and will continue to improve.