1. Create a path “C:Program FilesNokiaPhoenixProductsRM-xxx” in your PC (replace xxx with your phone’s actual code, for example it will be RM-596 for Nokia N8 – press *#0000# at phones standby screen to know yours). No need to create this path if you already have Phoenix installed in PC as Phoenix Service Software creates this path automatically (except the last folder). Download official firmware files for your phone via Navifirm and paste them in “RM-xxx” (the last folder in the above created path
 
2. Install J.A.F. in your PC (JAF is compatible with Windows only (XP, etc). Now copy and paste “jaf_nok4models.ini” file (given with JAF in the archive you downloaded) into C:Program FilesODEONJAF (Confirm overwrite to replace the original one). Connect the phone to PC via data cable and select “PC Suite Mode” (at phone’s interface). If it is the first time you have connected the phone with PC then let the phone drivers install completely.

3. After installation, don’t open JAF via shortcuts that appear on desktop. Instead launch OGM_JAF_PKEY_Emulator (given in the downloaded archive) and click “GO” button, if it gives error then try launching it again. Wait for a while as the emulator verifies J.A.F. installation and finally JAF is launched with an error “BOX DRIVER NOT INSTALLED”, click OK


4. At JAF interface select “BB5 Tab”.



5. At BB5 tab select (tick) “Manual Mode”, “Dead USB” and uncheck “CRT 308”

6. Now check/tick “Use INI” option and wait for a while until “Select Phone Model box appears

7. Find and select your phone model from this box and click OK. The “MCU”, “PPM”, “CNT” and “APE Variant” boxes turn green

8. All set for flashing, now switch Off your connected phone and click “FLASH” button at JAF

9. A warning box will pop up, click “YES”. Now press phone’s Power ON/OFF button for a second (Don’t hold it for long). J.A.F. will start the flashing process. Wait for the process to complete (until “Done!” appears in the JAF “Status and Results” window).

10. Disconnect phone from PC. Remove and re-insert phone’s battery and switch it on. Done!! Finally, that is your flashed phone….whew!!!




NOTE – 
1. Be careful not to touch mobile or data cable during flashing as sudden (even momentary) connection loss may irreversibly damage your phone. Also make sure that PC/Laptop/Netbook does not “Shut Down” suddenly (due to power interruption or battery low etc).
