DVDRip | XviD | 800x600 | 4:3 | 23.976 fps | MP3 192 Kbps English | ~ 1H 30min | 4x 1.07 Gb

screenshots included in torrent




TEKWAR (1994)

tt0111385


Police officer Jake Cardigan has been framed by an unknown enemy and imprisoned in suspended animation for dealing in "Tek" and for the murder of his fellow officers. After serving only four years of his 15-year sentence, Cardigan is released where he finds his wife and son are gone. As he sets off to track them down, his former partner, Sid Gomez, reveals that his release was arranged by Walter Bascom, the head of the Cosmos Security. In return for his help in locating a missing scientist, Bascom agrees to help Cardigan clear his name.




TEKWAR: TEKLORDS (1994)


tt0111388

When Inspector Winterguild is found in a coma, Bascom has Beth Kittridge search computer records which show that the last thing Winterguild saw while in the Cyber-Matrix was the image of TekLord Sonny Hokori's long-dead sister. Cardigan traces the computer virus that caused the image to a computer hacker who is under TekLord Hokori's orders. It is only a matter of time before the virus attacks the entire city's Cyber-Matrix.






TEKWAR: TEKLAB (1994)


/tt0111387/


Jake Cardigan and Sid Gomez attend a gala at the Tower of London which marks the start of a campaign to restore the British monarchy. The festivities are disturbed, however, whem the aging Prince Albert is found murdered and the sword Excalibur stolen. Prince Richard accepts the support of the Monarchist Party to bceome King but the thief who stole Excalibur, vows Richard will never reach the throne. Suspecting the involvement of Tek gangs, Sid and Jake follow the sword's trail to Westminster Abbey and are taken prisoner and they soon discover that the Monarchist Party is supported by the TekLords and with them, Prince Richard plans to reign over an evil Tek empire.




TEKWAR: TEKJUSTICE (1994)

/tt0111386/


Jake Cardigan is arrested for the murder of his ex-wife's husband. He confesses and refuses to assist his lawyer, Eugene Leopold, in his own defense. A quick scan of the police files show that he is covering for the real killer, his own son, Danny Cardigan. A re-examination of forensic evidence soon proves that neither Jake nor Danny are responsible for the murder. Jake Cardigan and Sid Gomez realise that Tek Lord Sonny Hokori is responsible and vow to bring him to justice.

