Adobe Flash Player 11.3.300.231 Beta 2[Team Nanban][TPB]

DESCRIPTION:

Adobe Flash Player - is a plugin for web browsers are required to run applications created by using Flash. 
Adobe Flash Player is used for playing audio and video materials, a variety of interactive web applications, games, 
and similar media content centered on the work in the browser. This technology is used everywhere and is required on 
every computer.


 "THIS TORRENT HAS AOBE PLAYERS FOR BOTH INTERNET EXPLORER AND OTHER BROWSERS."



Flash Player 11.3 Features:

* Full screen keyboard input - This feature enables support for all keyboard keys available to an embedded SWF running 
inside of a page without full screen mode (except for 'Esc'). It allows developers to determine if the app is in full screen,
 whether full keyboard input is allowed, and whether the app is able to request full screen (determined by the 
embed tag parameter).

* Low latency audio support for streaming audio through NetStream - This feature aims to reduce latency for 
high quality streaming audio playback. It addresses a very special use case of cloud gaming, where the game is rendered at 
a server and audio and video are streamed to the client.

* Protected Mode for Firefox - Flash Player Protected Mode is a new security enhancement designed to limit the impact of 
attacks launched from malicious SWF files against Adobe Flash Player when running in Firefox 4.0 + on Windows Vista and 
higher. This feature is comparable to the Flash Player Protected Mode in Google Chrome browser, 
Protected Mode in Adobe Reader, and Office 2010 Protected View.

* Flash Player background updates (Mac) - New versions of the runtimes can now be delivered more effectively to the 
end user with this enhanced updating mechanism (Background update is only available in the release versions of Flash Player).

* Low latency audio support (Sound API) - This enhancement reduces the latency for Sound.play method and changes to 
volume and pan on SoundTransform. The latency of SAMPLE_DATA event should also be reduced considerably.

* Texture Streaming for Stage3D - Provides an ability to upload coarser, lower quality textures on the GPU first and 
then progressively improve them as more data becomes available.

INSTALLATION NOTES:

JUST EXTRACT THE FILES AND RUN IT.THATS IT.!


PLZ SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"


if u like my releases, then plz add +rep to me in this link.
  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=277915	