Release Info:

Sound Forge Pro 10 overview
Sound Forge™ Pro 10 software efficiently and reliably provides audio editors and producers complete control over all aspects of audio editing and mastering. Whether in the studio or field, it's the ultimate all-in-one production suite for professional audio recording and mastering, sound design, audio restoration, and Red Book CD creation. New features in Sound Forge Pro 10 include precise event-based editing, integrated disc-at-once CD burning, musical instrument file editing and processing, and pristine audio conversion and time stretching.

Pristine sound quality
Sound Forge Pro 10 software supports full resolution 24-bit and 32-bit/64-bit float 192 kHz files for the ultimate in audio fidelity. Capture the subtle overtones and nuances of instruments, vocals, and effect changes. Additionally, Sound Forge Pro 10 software includes industry-leading iZotope MBIT+™ Dither (bit-depth conversion) and 64-Bit SRC™ (sample rate conversion) for the highest in audio quality.

Precise audio editing
Edit mono, stereo, and multichannel audio files (up to 32 channels) down to the sample level. Use familiar Windows commands to cut, copy, paste, mix, and crossfade audio. Perform precise event editing and create fades, crossfades, and mix audio with ease. Drag and drop audio between channels and work on one file while processing others in the background.

Powerful audio recording
Sound Forge Pro 10 software has a complete set of tools for recording audio. Record straight into your sound card or use the Record Timer to begin and end a session at a specific time and date. Alternatively, you can start recording when a certain audio threshold is reached with Threshold Record Triggering. You can also record and edit multichannel audio files as easily as stereo files.

Includes tools for sound design and mastering
In addition to Sound Forge Pro 10 software, this comprehensive audio production suite includes the Noise Reduction 2 plug-ins to fix common audio problems such as tape hiss, camera hum, clicks, and pops, powerful Spectrum Analysis tools for analyzing audio, and the Mastering Effects Bundle 2 powered by iZotope™, a collection of six professional audio plug-ins. Sound Forge Pro 10 software also includes integrated disc-at-once (DAO) CD mastering for producing Red Book audio CDs.

24-bit, 32-bit/64-bit float/192 kHz support
Sound Forge Pro 10 software supports full resolution 24-bit/32-bit 192 kHz files for the ultimate in audio fidelity. Capture the subtle overtones and nuances of instruments, vocals, and effect changes that 24-bit audio provides. With Sound Forge audio software you can import, save, and even record to this resolution if using supported hardware.

Audio-for-video
Sound Forge Pro 10 software supports multiple video formats including AVI, WMV, and MPEG-1 and MPEG-2. Precisely synchronize audio and video frame by frame. Sound Forge Pro 10 software includes MPEG-2 templates for writing HDV-compliant files at both 720p and 1080i resolutions, and AVI templates using the CineForm CFHD codec for 720p and 1080i intermediate renders. Also included are templates for encoding WMV 720p and 1080p.
Dolby Digital AC-3 export

Sound Forge Pro 10 system requirements
Microsoft® Windows® XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista® (SP2 or later), Windows® 7, or Windows® 8 operating system
1 GHz processor
350 MB hard-disk space for program installation
512 MB RAM
Windows-compatible sound card
DVD-ROM drive (for installation)
Supported CD-recordable drive (for CD burning)
Microsoft DirectX® 9.0c or later
Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0