The Class 70 is one of the most distinctive UK diesel locomotive designs of all time, thanks to its US origins and safety features, and now this superbly-detailed loco comes to TS2012 in correct Freightliner livery!

Developed jointly by Freightliner Ltd and General Electric, the Class 70 was built specifically as a heavy freight locomotive for Freightliner operations in the UK. Built by General Electric in Erie, Pennsylvania, it has a 3,690-horsepower diesel engine, though is still able to meet European Union regulations for diesel engine emissions. However, the Class 70 most distinctive feature must be its exterior cab design which is immediately recognizable. This is a result of built-in crash protection to protect train crews in the event of a collision, and in fact the entire cab was designed with considerable input from freight train drivers.

With a highly realistic drivers cab including working instrument and information displays, and sounds recorded from the real thing, the Class 70 is as up-to-date as they come and a great addition to your fleet.

Class 70 diesel locomotive in Freightliner Powerhaul livery with accurate sounds recorded from a real Class 70. Operating features include dynamic braking, moveable sun blinds and swiveling seat, cab lighting, independent wiper settings, and dynamic display screens with readouts for reverser position, parking brake on, sander on, wheel slip, brake pressure, engine rpm, tractive force and speed.

Includes
Class 47 diesel locomotive in green&yellow livery
Realistically weathered MJA and TEA wagons with graffiti and empty/loaded versions
5 standard and career scenarios for the West Coast Main Line Expansion Pack: PLEASE NOTE: the West Coast Main Line Expansion Pack (available separately) is required to play these scenarios.
Freightliner Limited: Introduction to the Class 70 Powerhaul Locomotive, its controls and driving technique.
General Electrical Goods: Southbound container service from Coatbridge near Glasgow.
Freightliner Heavy Haul: Hauling much needed aggregates to track upgrades taking place on the line to Edinburgh.
Keep on Moving: The Class 70 is put to the test as it hauls much needed supplies of fuel north of the border.
Power Haulage: The Class 70 is employed to see its haulage capacity for coal traffic over the lofty Beattock Summit on the WCML. Plus free roams.
The Class 70 Add-On also includes a number of bonus scenarios which allow you to use the MJA and TEA wagons with locomotives other than the Class 70.