Book Description

This book is the most comprehensive and up to date introduction to ASP.NET ever written. Focussing solely on C#, with no code samples duplicated in other languages, award winning author Matthew MacDonald introduces you to the very latest thinking and best practices for the ASP.NET 4.5 technology.

Assuming no prior coding experience, you’ll be taught everything you need to know from the ground up. Starting from first principals, you’ll learn the skills you need to be an effective ASP.NET developer who is ready to progress to more sophisticated projects and professional work.

You’ll be taught how to use object orientation and code-behind techniques to lay out your code clearly in a way other developers can easily understand. You’ll learn how to query databases from within you web pages, spice up your layouts using ASP.NET AJAX and deploy your finished websites to production servers. You’ll also learn how to debug your code when things go wrong and the performance and scalability issues that can affect your web projects as they grow.

With you book you can take your first step towards becoming a successful ASP.NET developer with confidence.
What you’ll learn

Learn everything you need to know to build ASP.NET 4.5 applications with confidence.
Dive into the deepest, broadest, introductory ASP.NET coverage available.
Be guided by an award winning author who will steadily progress your knowledge from first principles to advanced techniques over the course of the book.

Who this book is for

This book is ideal for anyone new to .NET development who wants to learn how ASP.NET 4.5 works. No prior programming knowledge is assumed and all concepts are explained from first principals.
Table of Contents

1. The .NET Framework
2. The C# Language
3. Types, Objects, and Namespaces
4. Visual Studio
5. Web Form Fundamentals
6. Web Controls
7. Error Handling, Logging, and Tracing
8. State Management
9. Validation
10.Rich Controls
11.User Controls and Graphics
12.Styles, Themes, and Master Pages
13.Website Navigation
14.ADO.NET Fundamentals
15.Data Binding
16.The Data Controls
17.Files and Streams
18.XML
19.Security Fundamentals
20.Membership
21.Profiles
22.Advanced ASP.NET Components
23.Caching
24.LINQ and the Entity Framework
25.ASP.NET AJAX
26.Deploying ASP.NET Applications 