Ironiya sudby, ili S lyogkim parom! (1975)
TV Movie  -  192 min  -  Comedy | Romance
Ratings: 8.6/10 from 3,815 users   

A group of old friends have a tradition of going to a public bathing house on New Years eve. Occasionally too much vodka and beer makes two of them unconscious. The problem is that one of them (Sasha) has to go to Leningrad but another one (Zhenya) goes. Zhenya wakes up at Leningrad airport. Believing that he is still in Moscow he takes a taxi and goes home. The street name, building and even apartment number, the way an apartment complex looks the same and the key coincide completely - just typical Soviet-type 'economy' architecture. Imagine the surprise of Nadya when she enters her apartment and finds a man without trousers in her bed. What's more - Nadya's fiancé also finds him there...

Director: Eldar Ryazanov
Writers: Emil Braginskiy, Eldar Ryazanov

Cast
Credited cast:
 	Andrey Myagkov	 ...	
Zhenya
 	Barbara Brylska	 ...	
Nadya
 	Yuriy Yakovlev	 ...	
Ippolit
 	Aleksandr Shirvindt	 ...	
Pavel, Zhenya's Friend
 	Georgiy Burkov	 ...	
Misha, Zhenya's Friend
 	Liya Akhedzhakova	 ...	
Nadya's Friend
 	Aleksandr Belyavskiy	 ...	
Sasha
 	Lyubov Dobrzhanskaya	 ...	
Zhenya's Mother
 	Olga Naumenko	 ...	
Galya
 	Gotlib Roninson	 ...	
Zhenya's Neighbour at the Airport
 	Eldar Ryazanov	 ...	
Zhenya's Neighbour in the Plane
 	Lyubov Sokolova	 ...	
Nadya's Mother
 	Valentina Talyzina	 ...	
Nadya / Nadya's Friend (voice)

Did You Know?

Trivia

For the part of Ippolit, Oleg Basilashvili was cast originally. However, due to obligations on the Leningrad stage he could not participate in the film. Yuriy Yakovlev was cast instead. However, you can see Basilashvili's photo when Nadya picks it up from the snow. 

The two apartment buildings on "3rd Constructors St., 25" which are supposed to be located in Moscow and Leningrad were actual buildings no. 125 and no. 113 on Vernadsky avenue in Moscow. They are only 700 meters apart. There is no "3rd Constructors St." neither in Moscow, nor in Leningrad / St. Petersburg. 

The director Eldar Ryazanov cast the Polish actress Barbara Brylska as Nadya. However, as she didn't speak Russian, her voice was dubbed by Valentina Talyzina. Talyzina appears in a small part as Nadya's friend along with Liya Akhedzhakova. 

Goofs

Continuity 
Nadya's phone changes its color. Most of the time it is red, however, in some scenes it is green.

The plane from Moscow to Leningrad is a Tupolev Tu-134. It has two double groups of seats. However, in the interior of the plane, it has two triple seat groups.

Errors in geography 
The service phone number on Nadya's elevator is 241-84-44 and has 7 digits. However, phone numbers in Leningrad had only 6 digits in 1975 (whereas Moscow numbers had 7), thus revealing that the shooting was actually done in Moscow instead of Leningrad.

In the scene where Nadya takes a nightly stroll through Leningrad, there is a tram passing behind her. It is a tram of the MTB-82 series, which were only used in Moscow by 1975.

Factual errors 
The word "isklyuchitelno" (exceptional) has been misspelled in the introduction text. The word is written as "iskyuchitelno".

Quotes

[Zhenya has just come back from chasing Ippolit] 
Zhenya: I tried to chase him down, but he drove away... He drives faster than I run. 

Ippolit: Such muck, such vile muck, this fish galatine of yours! 

Zhenya: 3rd Constructors St., 25, apartment 12, 4th floor. 
Taxi driver: I don't care if it's the 5th!