About Dhyana Mahachakram:
Dhyana Mahachakram is the annual congregation of lakhs of meditators, pyramid masters and spiritual gurus in one location. This is held during the last 11-days of the calendar year - from Dec 21 to Dec 31.
Each day begins with a powerful mass meditation session early in the morning for 3-4 hours. With Patiji guiding the meditators with his music, this is a must-participate session - every day - at the event. It is a great sight to see lakhs of meditators sitting under large halls/covered areas, immersed in deep meditation, aided by blissful music. The entire place is filled with wonderful, enlightening energies. Patriji's message, every day, soon after this morning meditation is a highlight of this event. Patriji's words of wisdom are simple, powerful and instantly absorbed by the audience.
The rest of the day is filled with several discourses, experience sharing sessions by spiritual masters and music sessions. The day culminates with a grand evening where a spiritual guru along with Patriji shares messages on meditation, vegetarianism, spirituality and well-being. This is followed by a colorful, entertaining cultural programmes.
Dhyana Maha Chakram has become similar to an annual 'pilgrimage' for millions of meditators and a much-awaited event for meditators to learn, share and enjoy the peace and wisdom gained through meditation.
The 11-day event is also a logistical wonder - with lakhs of people provided with free accommodation and food. The peaceful, disciplined way the lakhs of meditators conduct themselves at the event is a sign to behold and provides testimony to the oneness realized through meditation.

Total videos : 5
Total Size : 4.04 GB
Video Resolution : 720*576
Videos Length : ~ 4 Hrs
Video bit rate : 1856Kbps ; 25 frames/Sec
Video Codec : MPEG
Aspect ratio : 4:3
Audio bitrate : 224Kbps,48kHz,2-Channel
Audio Codec : MPEG
File Format : VOB
Recommended Player : Vlc
Source : DVD
Screen shots added

Screen shots are scaled to low resolution