Each week I will be posting the current week's Marvel titles  These are the titles for 12/12/2012. 

Included in this pack will be all Marvel comics and  Marvel NOW comics.  What will NOT be included is Disney stuff, TV stuff, and the kids books. Those will be included (when available) in my Zero Day pack.

My release packs are as follows: 

DC Universe 52 (Wednesdays based on scanners release times, but not later than Friday morning)
Marvel NOW! (Marvel Comics in the NOW! universe will be released Wednesdays, based on scanners release times)
Total Marvel (All Marvel Universe comics, released on Thursday, based on scanners release times)
Zero Day (Marvel, DC and Independent comics, released between Saturday night and Sunday afternoon)
Independent Scanners (from scanners not affiliated with groups, released on Mondays)
DC Monthly (all DC Universe comics for the month, released the first Friday after the end of the month)
Total Marvel Monthly (all Marvel Universe comics, released the first Tuesday after the end of the month)


Age Of Apocalypse #10 (CBR 12/12/12)

Jean Grey believes she can defeat Weapon Omega, Weapon Omega knows he can kill Jean Grey! 

Amazing Spider-Man #699.1 (CBR 12/12/12)

As Doctor Octopus' schemes take shape, MORBIUS THE LIVING VAMPIRE returns with a Vengenace!  Will he be able to resist the siren song of blissful bloodsucking or will Spider-Man sling him straight back into the slammer?  Your first look at next month's all-new Morbius ongoing series. 

Avengers Arena #1 (CBR 12/12/12)

Trapped on an isolated island, 16 superhuman young adults (including cult faves like members of the Runaways, The Avengers Academy and Darkhawk) are given a chilling ultimatum by their demented captor: Fight or die! Only one will walk out alive! Thus begins a primal battle that will test the skills, stamina and morals of each combatant. Welcome to Murder World, where the secrets are plenty, alliances are fleeting, and the key to victory might be rewriting the rules of the game. Who will survive?
 
Avengers Assemble #10 (CBR 12/12/12)

Did you know that there's a theory that the bacteria in our bodies actually controls our moods and may even be responsible for elements of our personalities? TONY STARK and BRUCE BANNER did. What happens when a 20 million-year-old evolutionary catalyst infects a HULK? Could it be a cure?  Meanwhile, on the outside, CAPTAINS MARVEL AND AMERICA must find the missing scientist before he unleashes said bacteria on the world.
 
Dark Avengers #184 (CBR 12/12/12)

What force on this planet - nay, this universe - can turn Earth's deadliest villains into into heroes?  Brought to you by the titanic team of Jeff Parker and Neil Edwards, this Winter - Evil is our only hope! 

Fantastic Four #2 (CBR 12/12/12)

The First Family leaves time and space! How long can Reed hide his motivations from his family? What undiscovered places, what amazing things, and what incredible people are out there waiting to meet the FANTASTIC FOUR? 

Iron Man #4 (CBR 12/12/12)

The new Iron Man heavy-duty battle-suit debuts. The least subtle Iron Man armor of all time! Tony's hunt for Extremis takes him to the ancient Catacombs of Paris where absolute horror awaits! Things man was not meant to know Vs. the man who wants to know everything. 

Scarlet Spider #12 (CBR 12/12/12)

Kaine goes head to head with the Hand and Bruiser!   Come celebrate the conclusion of Scarlet Spider's First wonderful year with Chris Yost and Reilly Brown! 

Ultimate Comics Iron Man #3 (of 4) (CBR 12/12/12)

Tony and Rhodey against a sky full of Stark drones! What secret lies in Howard Stark's past, and what does Tony know about it? Iron Man comes face to face with THE MANDARIN! 

Ultimate Comics X-Men #20 (CBR 12/12/12)

The RESERVATION X arc continues as STORM helps teraform the reservation. Rogue gets an unexpected visitor. Mach Two's play for power takes a new turn 

Winter Soldier #13 (CBR 12/12/12)

Part 4 of WIDOW HUNT!  Who's hunting the hunterÖ?! 

Wolverine #317 (CBR 12/12/12)

FINAL ISSUE!  In order to save the Dreaming Maiden, Wolverine must face nightmares while asleep and while awake! But is the Dreaming Maiden too dangerous to be saved? And what will be the fate of the mysterious Covenant? 

X-treme X-Men #7.1 (CBR 12/12/12)

JUMP ON HERE!  If you haven't been reading, start here to find out what you've been missing! Dazzler and her team find themselves in a war against the Brood...but the dimension they land in is a little too close to home. 