                                Serif WebPlus X6
             Professional Quality Websites Made Easy


WebPlus X6 is the quick and easy way for businesses, clubs – anyone – to create and publish eye-catching and engaging websites, without having to learn or use any code.

Whether you use one of the stylish templates or design your site from scratch, WebPlus X6 lets anyone add advanced features to unique sites with drag-and-drop simplicity.

It’s ideal for creating pages optimised for any device, and has all the power and flexibility you need to make a professional website. If you need a website, but don’t want the expense and hassle of hiring a web designer, use WebPlus X6 and find out how easy it is to create something you’ll be proud of.


Website Design Software That Helps You:

    Customise and create your own stylish website with no coding
    Build sites optimised for smartphones, tablets, desktops, and laptops
    Sell products online with trusted e-commerce providers
    Drag and drop buttons, logos and more onto your pages
    Add Facebook and Twitter feeds as well as other social media sharing buttons
    Edit photos, create logos and colour schemes, design backgrounds and more
    Create as many unique sites as you want, with no limits on pages or features
 
http://www.serif.com/webplus/

WebPlus X6 System Specs

Minimum requirements

    Compatible with Windows 7
    Pentium®-class or compatible PC with DVD drive and mouse
    Microsoft® Windows® 7, Vista, or XP (32-bit) operating system
    512MB RAM
    434MB free hard disk space
    1024x768 display resolution with 16-bit color depth or higher

Optional requirements

    Windows-compatible printer, scanner and digital camera
    Microsoft .NET 2.0 software (included for Microsoft Word & OpenOffice.org™ Writer document import)
    Internet account and connection required for web publishing and accessing online resources
    Adobe® Flash® Player plug-in required for viewing online videos
    Microsoft ‘Windows Imaging Component’ required in Windows XP

Other Notes:

    Use of large system fonts may require a higher resolution display.
    Additional disk resources and memory are required when editing large and/or complex websites.

Installation:

-  Next open or mount the ISO file. If you can't open it you need to get an Virtual Drive which supports ISO files such as PowerISO.

- Run Setup.exe to install.

- Copy the serial provided inside of ISO in Serials folder

                       . That's it. Enjoy it!!!