Teen Smackdown Orgy (2012)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/3005013D1_Teen_Smackdown_Orgy_dvd.htm

Year: 2012
Country: United States
Category: Legal Teen, Orgy, Anal, Double Penetration, Interracial, Hardcore, All Sex
Time: 00:52:47 + 00:53:52
Language: English
Studio: West Coast
Cast: Callie Cobra, Emma Haze, Sara Monroe, Lola Foxx, Amy Quinn, Samantha Faye, Mr Marcus, Prince Yahshua, Rico Strong, Nat Turnher, Chris Cock

So what does actually happen when a cute lil white girl goes off to college? She’s 18; smoking body and her parents haven’t controlled her for years anyway- what can possibly happen? She may join a sorority and have a good time getting help with her “homework”. Her grades could be good, that is if she bothers to go to class. Instead our girls must have gotten an “A” in anal class by the looks of these ladies! There’s a six babe sorority that’s all about teamwork. Armed with high marks in anal, the only teamwork is being double teamed by a bunch of big black dicks! They pledge, romp and get punished! The six of them start out all-girl, but the boyfriend is the worst offender bringing over his bro’s to meet the… young ladies. Ha!
The dicks are outnumbered, that means that there’s plenty of tight white teen pussy to go around! Everyone needs to experience an orgy at least once in their life- but its fun no matter what you are into!
But wait, girls have three holes, that means there’s 18 total holes for those black dicks to go in- by the looks of it, each pole was in each hole at some point of this movie! Nice to know that there’s an abundance of openings! Lucky for us, there’s even some double penetration!
If you like young, tight co-eds being nasty and taking it fast and hard, from each other and form the men, you’ll love this feature! Being an orgy, there’s no shortage of action from all angles and in all combinations

Quality: DVDRip
Video format: AVI
Video Codec: XviD
Format: MP3
Video: 576x320 (1.80:1), 29.970 fps, XviD MPEG-4 ~ 1733 kbps avg, 0.31 bit / pixel
Audio: 48 kHz, MPEG Layer 3, 2 ch, ~ 102.23 kbps avg
Size: 1.37 GB