ImTOO DVD Ripper Ultimate
 
Rip DVD and convert to almost all video or audio formats
 HD DVD ripper, rip DVD to HD videos
 Numerous video effects to choose from
 Add subtitles and soundtracks to movies
 Video-editing features: Clip, Merge, Split and Crop
 Convert files compatible with most portable players, newly support Apple New iPad and Google Android-based phones
 ImTOO DVD Ripper supports multithreading ripping
 Fast ripping speed and high quality conversion
 
ImTOO DVD Ripper is a powerful DVD ripping software application to rip and convert DVD movies to almost all video and audio formats (rip DVD to AVI, DVD to MP4, DVD to MPEG, DVD to WMV, DVD to DivX; convert DVD to MP3, DVD to WMA) with high DVD ripping speed and exceptional quality. You can now enjoy your entire DVD collection on multimedia players such as iPod, iPad, iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, BlackBerry, iRiver PMP, Windows Mobile phone, Xbox and mobile phones all made possible with the ImTOO DVD Ripper!
 
ImTOO DVD Ripper also features video or audio-editing options prior to ripping - cut certain clips, merge several clips into one with transitional effects added, crop selected scenes, add subtitles and soundtracks and attach watermarks. Engined with NVIDIA CUDA & ATI APP technology, 5X faster processing performance is delivered. Other features include setting the target file size before conversion; running ImTOO DVD Ripper in the background to save resources; and even setting an action (shutdown, exit, standby or hibernate) to auto perform after a task is done. 


System Requirements
 
OS : Microsoft® Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
 Processor : 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
 RAM : 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
 Free Hard Disk : 100MB space for installation
 Graphics Card : Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher, OpenGL 1.4 or higher
 Others : DVD-ROM drive
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application with any name.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 