 http://reliztv.com/


Year: 2010
Developer: 4A Games
Publisher: THQ
Platform: PC
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person


On the game: In 2013 the world was destroyed by a global catastrophe that destroyed the Earth's population and make it surface in the poisoned wasteland. A handful of survivors found refuge in the depths of the Moscow subway, and human civilization a new Dark Age.

Is 2033 the year. A whole generation of people born and raised under the ground, watching as their besieged city subway fight for survival with each other and with the nightmarish mutants that are waiting outside.

The atmospheric first-person shooter, created based on the bestselling book by Dmitry Glukhovsky. The game "Metro 2033", which the unfolding events in the devastated post-apocalyptic Moscow subway - is a dismal story of survival of the hardest, where the fate of humanity is in your hands.

You - Artem, ordinary Muscovite, born before the world of the apocalypse, but grew up in the ground. Never before had he not leave the limits of their own, have become home to him the subway station, but fate decided differently. Now he has to carry out the mission of his life: to get to the center of Moscow Metro and the remnants of human society to warn of impending danger, or die in transit, and to condemn the survivors to certain death.

Metro 2033 - is a breathtaking atmospheric first-person shooter, wrapped in a shell-graphic. Feel devastated post-nuclear Moscow! Witness the daily horror that is experiencing a society, living underground in constant fear. Please be brave and become researchers network of underground tunnels, which has spread throughout the city. There in the darkness you are prey to mutants, but not vice versa. Become a hunter or a victim. Explore the radiation-ravaged city. From the infected world and mutated creatures, awaiting you outside, save only a mask and a faithful rifle. Give your psyche in order and prepare to meet with all the horrors of post-nuclear world of the universe "Metro 2033".


Note
Repak is based on the Russian license
Do not recoded, cut the bonus game trailer Dawn of War II
The game is patched to version 1.2 (installed DLC Ranger Pack)
Installation time ~ 35-40 minutes.
License: Freeware
Installation: montiruesh image, install and play))


System Requirements
Operating System: Microsoft ┬« Windows ┬« XP SP2/Vista
Processor: Dual core processor (any Core 2 Duo)
Memory: 1 GB
Video: DirectX 9 - compatible video card (GeForce 8800, GeForce GT220 and up)
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Free space on hard disk: 8 GB