Please Show Your Support!



The New And Working Support Page:


 
http://www.awsomedownloads.com/supportme.html




For More xCrazy0328x Torrents Go To:


 
http://www.awsomedownloads.com/




**All New Episodes Will Be Uploaded There First




Proudly Guaranteeing .Avi file torrents!





For %100 Legit Torrents Always Make Sure xCrazy0328x Is Your Source!


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RELEASE NOTES

Sniper Elite V2 is the eagerly-awaited sequel to the highly-acclaimed
Sniper Elite, giving gamers the most authentic World War II sniping
experience available. You are elite US sniper Karl Fairburne
Parachuted into Berlin amidst the Germans final stand, your mission is
to prevent Nazi V2 rocket program technology from falling into the
hands of the besieging Red Army. You must aid key scientists keen to
defect to the US, and terminate those who would help the Russians

Take advantage of authentic weaponry, learn how to stalk your targets
fortify your position, set up the shot, use your skill, patience and
cunning to achieve your mission. Stealth gameplay is the key as you
find yourself trapped between two desperate armies in a race against
time. Watch as the celebrated "bullet cam" from Sniper Elite returns
bloodier and more gruesome than ever - skilful shots are rewarded with
a slow-motion flight of the bullet, then targets are graphically
rendered in X-Ray as the bullet enters and destroys your victim. Organs
shred, bones splinter, teeth shatter, as the true impact of the
sniper's bullet is brought to life

As World War Two ends and the Cold War begins, every shot counts. Use
it wisely

Features:

Sniping Simulation - Sniper Elite V2 features detailed sniping
simulation with advanced ballistics, taking into account gravity, wind
velocity, bullet penetration, aim stability and more. Guaranteed to
provide players with the most realistic simulation of military
sharpshooting yet available

X-Ray Kill Cam - Amazing "kill cam" technology showcases what really
happens when a bullet enters an enemy s body, allowing players to see
hearts and lungs tear, livers burst, and bones shatter

Authenticity - The game features authentic World War II Berlin
locations as well as vehicles, weapons such as the Springfield M1903
the Gewehr 43 and the Mosin-Nagant 1891/30, and uniforms modeled after
the original versions

Use the Environment - The slightest changes in the environment need to
be taken into account to move into the perfect position, observe the
quarry, take the shot and slip away unnoticed

Sniper's Choice - Players will often find themselves facing a choice of
the perfect shot that leaves them catastrophically exposed or a more
difficult route that means they can continue their mission