IsoBuster is an award winning , highly specialized and easy to use CD and DVD data recovery tool. It supports all CD and DVD formats and all common CD and DVD file-systems... Rescue lost files from a bad or trashed CD or DVD disc, save important documents, precious pictures, video from the family, your only system backup, ... Start up IsoBuster, Insert a CD or DVD, select the drive (if not selected already) and let IsoBuster mount the media. IsoBuster immediately shows you all the tracks and sessions located on the media, combined with all file-systems that are present. This way you get easy access, just like explorer, to all the files and folders per file-system. Instead of being limited to one file-system that the OS picks for you, you have access to "the complete picture". Access data from older sessions, access data that your OS (e.g. Windows) does not see or hides from you etc.

Changes in IsoBuster Pro 3.0
I am glad to be able to announce the final 3.0 version release of an exciting new IsoBuster. Excited because this new version, besides optical media (CD, DVD and BD) now also supports Flash drives, Media cards of all sorts and makes, Jaz, Zip, Floppy drives, Hard Drives etc. To top it of, there is now also brand new NTFS support ! 

To try and pour it in a list, here are the newly supported disks / drives: 
Thumb / Flash drives
SD disks / drives
Compact disks / drives
MMC disks / drives
SSD disks / drives
Jaz disks / drives
Zip disks / drives
Floppy disks / drives
HD disks / drives
And more ...

And here's the newly supported File System: 
NTFS

On optical media (CD, DVD, BD) we are accustomed to the concept of Sessions and Tracks. On all these newly supported disks, logical volumes (file-systems) are put into Partitions, not Sessions. IsoBuster supports, just like you were used to with Sessions using IsoBuster: 
All Windows / DOS / Macintosh / HFS Partitions are immediately shown
All the file-system(s) in those partitions are immediatly shown
You can use all the features you normally would use on tracks and sessions, but now on partitions.
You can do data recovery pretty much the exact same way as on optical
Forensics investigators will love the easy overview of all partitions and all file systems
See sector per sector content with Sector View
Extract portions of the media
Support for UDF, FAT, NTFS, HFS(+) on any partition
Etc.

OS: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7
Home Page: www.smart-projects.net
Interface: Multilingual