 

 
                     PART  367


         SHAKIRA  - Whenever, Wherever  (2001)
         SAKIRA  - Whenever, Wherever  (Tracy Young's Spin Cycle.Mix) (2001)   
         SHAKIRA  - Underneath Your Clothes (Thunderpuss Club Edit ) (2001)
         THALIA   -   Baby I'm In Love  (2003)
                           


     "Whenever, Wherever" is a Latin pop song written by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira, Gloria Estefan, and Tim Mitchell for Shakira's first English language album, "Laundry Service".The song was released as the lead single from the album in the autumn of 2001, and was an international success, peaking at number one in Colombia, the rest of Latin America, almost every European country, as well as Australia and New Zealand. In the Netherlands, the song remained at number one for nine weeks. It reached number two in the United Kingdom, number four in Canada, and number six in the United States. "Whenever, Wherever" hit number one in 29 countries, becoming the biggest hit of 2002.
      "Underneath Your Clothes" is a power ballad by Shakira  - the second English language single released from "Laundry Service" (2001). It is a love song with lyrics by Shakira and music by her and Lester Mendez and tells the story of the unconditional love that a woman has for her boyfriend, which is referenced in the lyrics. To date, "Underneath Your Clothes" is Shakira's third most successful single worldwide, behind only "Whenever, Wherever" (2001) and "Hips Don't Lie" (2006). The song is listed as one of the twenty biggest-selling singles of the 2000 decade according to Yahoo! Music with sales of over 5 million copies. "Underneath Your Clothes" is listed on #391 on Blender's "The 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born" list.
       "Baby, I'm in Love" is the second single from the Mexican Latin pop singer Thalía's 2003 English album "Thalía".This single is another well-crafted song with a catchy pop melody and contemporary production. Even though some consider the song better than previous single "I Want You", the song did not manage to chart on the Hot 100 in the U.S. However, the English version successfully climbed the U.S. Dance charts and established her in Japan.The "Baby, I'm in Love" music video was directed by Antti Jokinen, and it was shot at CBGB's on the Bowery on July 23, 2003. It was released on September 20, 2003. In the video, Thalía is having fun with her friends, going out at night. Also, Thalía performs the song in a club, and gets into the spirit of the punk place.