
Sonic Academy ANA v1.0.3 Incl Keygen
         R2R |  16 MB


We believe that a great sounding main synth is key to great sounding productions but for too long these type of products have been priced out of reach for most aspiring producers. With ANA we aim to change that!
ANA has been designed from the ground up to create all the sounds you hear in modern and classic electronic music.

It is designed to be extremely user friendly and intuitive. Everything is set out clearly and with a logical flow. In the coming weeks we will continue to support the plugin with tutorials to help you really understand the fundamentals of good sound design and enable you to create sounds you never before thought possible. 


4 Oscillators with 57 Different waveform types
OSC 1 & 2 can have 8 voices per OSC with width and detune
13 Filtered types including Vintage Analog and Formant (Talky) Models
ADSR Filter, and Amp Envelopes with switchable curves
ADSR Assignable Envelop with 27 targets
Graphical Envelope - 16 nodes asignable to 27 Targets
Chord Hold - Memorise up to 5 notes for instant one finger playback
2 Low Frequency Oscillators with 7 waveform types, 2 outputs each with 27 targets
2 Modulation sections with 9 sources and 27 targets
FX Section with 10 Fx types including - Phaser, Chorus, Amp Sim, Exciter, Clip Distortion, Decimator, Compressor, Bass Enhancer, Delay and Reverb.
Legato and Slide Mode
Preview - playback midi sequence while browsing patches to get a better idea of the sound.
250 Presets included 


new in 1.0.3

Performance

CPU performance optimised on all systems
Filter Response Improved - Now responds much quicker to Automation and manual input.
Switching presets and categories causing hang - Fixed
Duplicating Tracks with ANA causing audio spike - Fixed


61 New Presets

more here --->



System Requirements


Windows 7 , Windows XP, Windows Vista (32 Bit)
Intel Core Duo or AMD Athlon 64 X2, 512 MB RAM 
VST 32/64 Bit



INSTALLATION

 • Unistall any previous versions

 • You need WinRAR to extract the rar file.

 • Install  Setup

 • Use the keygen to register, open and genarate licence find patern of your vst folder or you can copy the keygen to your vst folder and run from there



      •  That's it! Done.


                    3Nj0Y!!!