DC UniverseΓäó Online is the only next-generation massively multiplayer online action game that delivers unparalleled physics-powered combat set in the DC UniverseΓäó. This genre-defining game puts the power of the DC Super Heroes and villains into the palm of your handsΓÇª

The next legend is YOU!
Game Features:
Experience the power of visceral combat where you control every blow your character strikes, delivering a level of action that is unparalleled in the MMO segment.
Choose your side -- superhero or villain -- as you battle to save or conquer the universe.
Fight alongside or against your favorite DC heroes and villains including Batman, The Joker, Superman, Wonder Woman and othersΓÇª The next legend is YOU!
Experience the intensity of a world created in the artistic vision of legendary comic book artist Jim Lee.
Take advantage of the state-of-the-art physics engine and use objects in the world around you as weapons, including even your enemies!
Players will create their own custom DC-style hero or villain, each with a unique look and combination of superpowers.
Embark on heroic or villainous story-driven adventures penned by famous DC writers including Geoff Johns and Marv Wolfman.
Gameplay is optimized for both the PS3 computer entertainment system and PC.
Explore the DC Universe; walk the darkened streets of Gotham City, investigate the mysteries of the futuristic cityscape of Metropolis and travel to legendary locations including Arkham Asylum and the Justice League of America Watchtower.

Although it is a great game and all, but the only problem is the Launchpad downloader, i could go on all day saying why its bad, its slow, it freezes blah blah, so im going to make it easier and upload the entire download file, for you to download and play.



Extract so that the "Dc Universe Online Live" is a folder instead of a archieve


Where to place folder
step 1: go to "my computer"
step 2: open your local disk (or whatever the fuck its called) haha
step 3: Open "users" directory
step 4: Open "public" Directory
step 5: open "Sony Online Entertainment" directory, if its not there just make a new folder and rename it
step 6: open "installed games" directory, once again if its not there just make a new folder and rename it


MINIMUM SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS:

Windows XP 32 bit 
P4 3.0 GHz or AMD equivalent 
NVIDIA 7800+ or ATI 1950+ Video Card 
1 GB of RAM 
30 GB of Free Hard Drive Space 
Broadband internet connection

RECOMMENDED SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS:
 
Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7 
3.0 GHZ CPU Dual Core Processor 
2 GB RAM 
NVIDIA 8800GTX+ or ATI 3800 series+ Video Card 
30 GB of Free Hard Drive Space 
Broadband internet connection

if it works comment a thankyou and also add me in DCUO my username is blacklegend97

if your having problems with the game, also comment and ill get back to you as soon as i can

Downloaded from Blackula enjoy!