                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Changes in DVDFab 8.2.0.9 Qt Beta (5 September 2012):

- Fix: A pixelated screen problem in processing preview window.
DVD Copy:
- New: Added support for a new copy protection as found on “Safe”.
Blu-ray Copy:
- Fix: A freeze problem when copying Blu-ray SBS 3D in certain cases.
Blu-ray Creator:
- Fix: A crash problem when creating Blu-ray in certain cases.
Video Convertor:
- Fix: A crash problem when converting flv file to mkv file. 

DVDFab is the most powerful and flexible DVD/ Blu-ray copying/burning software. Also it’s a fantastic file converter & transfer which can rip and convert DVD/Blu-ray movies or transfer your local files to various portable devices like iPod, iPhone, PSP, cell phone, ZUNE, etc. With 8 copy modes, you can back up any DVD to DVDR in just a few clicks. DVDFab is simply the easiest way to copy a DVD/ Blu-ray movie. Just insert the movie and a blank DVD/ Blu-ray then press Start. Your entire movie – including menus, trailers and special features – is copied to a single DVD/ Blu-ray with just one click, and everything happens automatically. Backup your entire DVD/ Blu-ray – including menus, trailers, and special features – onto one or multiple discs. DVDFab Blu-ray to DVD Converter is definitely the first software in the world which can decrypt then convert any Blu-ray to DVD-Video disc for playback on DVD player or DVD player software with no third party’s help.

DVDFab “Blu-ray to Blu-ray” is the first full-featured Blu-ray copying/burning software. With 4 copy modes, you can backup Blu-ray to BD-R or hard drive in just one or a few clicks.
DVDFab “DVD to Mobile” converts DVD title to AVI/MP4/WMV/MKV files which can be played on mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, cell phone, etc.
DVDFab “File to Mobile” converts source video file on your PC to next generation console like PS3 and Xbox 360, or mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, cell phone, etc.
DVDFab “File Mover” option transfers converted files to mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, etc.



                                   By bobiras2009	