Diggin'~Hot, Small Label Texas Swing 1946-1955 (Krazy Kat) [FLAC] {MKOP}

Western Swing was the most eclectic form of country music and in its free-wheeling diversity, it set the stage for rock & roll. Based in traditional string band music, Western swing also incorporated traditional pop melodies, jazz improvisation, blues, and folk, creating a wildly entertaining and eclectic form of American music. Bob Wills and Milton Brown popularized the genre in the '30s, and Wills became known as the father of the genre, since he remained popular for several decades, during which he had a remarkable string of hit singles. Although it sometimes faded away from view, Western swing remained popular throughout the 20th century, occasionally experiencing upswings in popularity, such as in the early '70s and the early '90s.~allmusic

Krazy Kat Records: This is the label that really turned me on to the greatness of Interstate Music. In the '80s, the Krazy Kat imprint highlighted blues, jump-blues and jazz artists. As a CD series in the '90s, it's now dedicated mainly to obscure country and western swing artists... and is uniformly stunning. I have yet to find one of these discs which was not very, very good. The title pretty much says it all... This is not music you're likely to find at the local WalMart anytime soon. Fab old stuff, recorded on microscopic labels with names like RichTone, Tex-Talent, Delta, and Swing... A few tracks are a bit fuzzy, but most have great sound quality! Again, highly recommended!''~slipcue.com

01. The Texas Tophands - 12th Street Rag
02. Wayne Johnston & His Bluebonnet Playboys - Sweet Lucy
03. The Miller Brothers Orchestra - Shanty Town
04. The Lonestar Playboys - Steel Guitar Bounce
05. Billy Briggs' Xit Boys - Xit Song
06. Cotton Thompson - How Long Must I Wait!
07. Smiley Whitley & His Texans - West Wind (7 Come 11)
08. Homer Clemons & His Texas Swingbillies - Operation Blues
09. Jimmy Prince & His All,Stars - Live & Let Live
10. Buck Roberts & His Rhythmairs - Big Beaver
11. Ray Coats - Texas Blues
12. Gene Crabb - Truck Stop Lucy
13. The Texas Tophands - Quit Rockin' The Boat
14. Andy Schroder & His Western Band - Prarie Dog Ramble
15. Red Woodward & His Red Hawks - Cowboy Boogie
16. Dickie Mcbride & His Ranch Hands - I Don't Get No Lovin'
17. Jimmy Thomason - The Right Key
18. Jimmy Thomason - Don't Check Out On Me
19. The Miller Brothers Orchestra - Miller's Boogie
20. Dick Dyson - Whistlin' Blues
21. Dick Dyson & His Bluebonnet Boys - You Waited Too Long Blues
22. Jesse James & All The Boys - Rag Mop
23. Richard Prine & His All,Stars - Adam's Apple
24. Ben Christian & His Texas Cowboys - Texas Cowboy Rag
25. Link Davis & His Blue Bonnet Playboys - Texas Swing
26. Dickie Jones & His Skyliners - Diggin'
27. Bill Freeman & His Texas Plainsmen - Separate Ration Blues

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders