Name: TechSmith Snagit 11.0.0 Build 207
Year: 2012
Platform: Windows All
Language: English


Operating system: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Pentium III 1 GHz or higher
Memory: 512 MB or higher
Video: 32-bit, 1280x800
Free space on HDD: 150 MB

Description:
SnagIt - a program for taking screenshots from the monitor screen, and SnagIt can do not just static graphic "snapshots" of the selected area, but also, for example, record a video in what is happening on the screen, and capture an image of the applications that use Direct X, DirectDraw and Direct 3D. Built-in editor lets you add annotations to the screenshot, a description, something emphasized the need to insert at the right place, for example, arrow, etc. In addition, the program allows you to "pull" the text from where he does not move with the Copy / Paste.

What's new:
Improved video capture.
Added MP4 support for video output.
Added spell checking to callouts and text capture.
Added Camtasia Studio output, Screencast.com output, and YouTube output to the default install.
Improved scrolling capture support for Google Chrome.
Added more increments to the zoom slider in editor.
Added support for working in natural units (inches and centimeters) for image sizing.
Restricted the use of GIF and 256-color image files to only during opening and saving.
Added an option to prevent automatically saving captures.
Improved Snagit's performance, particularly for images with transparency.
Removed support for several file formats including. Msp,. Cal,. Pcx,. Raw, etc.
Removed the ability to capture full screen DOS windows.
Removed the ability to capture icons from. Exe and. Dll files.
Removed the "Create Web Page" feature.
Removed the Web Capture mode.
Removed the ability to capture from DirectX applications.
Removed various region capture options including capturing triangle region, a rounded rectangle region, an ellipse region, etc.
Fixed several problems where security software interfered with Snagit's installation and functionality.
Fixed a bug where upgrading to a new version of Snagit required restarting Internet Explorer.
Fixed a bug where moving saved. Snag files to new directories caused the files to become corrupted.
Fixed a crash bug that would occur when using the perspective / shear effect.

installation:

1. Install Snagit

2. Use the keygen to register

3. Enjoy >:)