The New Scroll Saw Handbook
by Patrick E. Spielman
Sterling | May 2002 | ISBN-10: 0806978775 | PDF | 352 pages | 28.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-New-Scroll-Saw-Handbook/dp/0806978775

Scroll saws are one of the most versatile power tools; using the appropriate blade and cutting technique, one can cut nearly any material with precision.
Popular and prolific woodworking authors Spielman here expands and improves his 1986 classic, The Scroll Saw Handbook. He starts by describing the types and parts of saws and shows the many types of cuts they can do. Many currently manufactured and some historic saws are described, as are numerous accessories (with much information about both saw and blade selection). Spielman shows how to perform a remarkable number of sawing operations with materials of all types and thicknesses; many new techniques have been developed since the first edition. For example, the section on cutting plastics is now ten pages long instead of two and a half, and it contains a tremendous amount of specific information. Scroll saws are one of the most popular power tools available; because they are versatile, are relatively safe, and come in numerous reasonably priced models, even beginners can justify their purchase. This excellent title is a definite improvement upon the first edition.
The world's leading scroll saw expert offers a masterful comprehensive reference covering the equipment, materials, and artistry, from time-honoured methods to critiques of the latest machines and accessories. A bestseller in its classic first edition for 15 years, the guide's massive technical updates and new sections make an even more valuable contribution, with simplified instructions on ways to apply the latest innovations and how to make the best projects from the past even better. Sections on current models and major parts of the scroll saw; accessories; how to select a saw; blades, speeds, & feeds; safety techniques & guidelines; patterns & layout; scroll-sawing basics; stack-cutting & cutting thick wood; sawing thin & small stock; compound sawing; inlay work; marquetry basics; fine fretwork; appliques & overlays; joinery; sawing plastics; sawing metals; segmentation & intarsia; finishing basics.