Before the idea of heralds, Galactus created a self-replicating program that sought out planets for him.  The Cosmos Automation Program would possess someone of a planet to create a machine that would store cosmic energies and vanquish any threats to his consumption of the planet.  After several planets learned how to turn their creation against Galactus himself, he searched for new means to help him sustain his hunger.

The cosmic entity feared throughout the universe as Galactus has, on occasion, employed certain individuals with the task of finding him suitable worlds for consumption.  Galactus would empower his chosen minion with a portion of the power cosmic granting him enormous abilities such as flight, superhuman strength and endurance, energy manipulation, and even matter manipulation.  His heralds are also capable of traveling at the speed of light, and surviving in space indefinitely.  Upon finding a world with the appropriate energies to sustain him temporarily, a herald of Galactus would summon his master and await his arrival.

The first known individual to serve him was none other than Norrin Radd, the Silver Surfer.  Norrin Radd was one of the few beings who chose to assist Galactus in his never-ending search to satisfy his insatiable hunger in order to spare his home world of Zenn-La.  In Norrin RaddΓÇÖs case, Galactus removed any feelings of guilt over what he was doing in order to make him a more efficient herald.  However, after leading Galactus to countless planets, both inhabited and uninhabited, the Silver Surfer eventually found his way to Earth.  His contact with humans, specifically Alicia Masters and the Fantastic Four, convinced the Surfer to turn against his master leaving Galactus no choice but to punish his herald and travel the stars alone once more.

It has been revealed that the actual first herald to Galactus is known as The Fallen One, but he was imprisoned by Galactus possibly because of his corrupt nature.  The Fallen One has escaped imprisonment many times over and was recently allied with Thanos until his death.  It has yet to be revealed when and where The Fallen One will turn up next.

There are many more Heralds drafted to do Galactus' bidding, and this torrent chronicles all five issues telling their tales.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
