Full Version Software Giveaway: Xara Xtreme 5 – Another running giveaway is held by DownloadCrew offering full version Xara Xtreme 5 which is the most easy-to-use graphic editor program to design and create detailed drawings, illustrations, logos, greetings cards, multi-page PDF documents, and even websites.

How To Get Your Serial Code

To unlock Xara Xtreme 5 you must click "Register immediately online" in the Welcome splash screen which appears on first launch. A browser window will then open at the registration page; follow the instructions, and you'll be emailed an "unlock code". Copy this into the Welcome screen, click Start Program and your full licensed copy of Xara Xtreme 5 will launch.

Be quick and grab it as this offer will end soon in about 1 day and 20 hours from now.

Enjoy guys. This is a little gift 4 everyone. Please comment.



Xara Xtreme Pro 5

An enhanced version of Xtreme with the extra features that Pro designers need including PDF/X, PANTONEÂ® and color separations, multi-core processor support for extra speed, enhanced import/export filters, enhanced Object Gallery and photo panorama tool and more


Xara Xtreme Pro offers various design possibilities in one compact program. While novices should be wary of its complexity, Web designers, animators and illustrators will find something to like.

The program's interface is a complex spread of tiny, unfamiliar icons. Fortunately, there are several tutorial texts and even a few videos to better familiarize users with its many features. The overwhelming impression we got from its tools was that Xara Xtreme is not for beginners. While it takes great pains to teach users about its various elements, there's no hand-holding. It takes a lot of effort and thought to produce professional-looking designs. That said, Xara Xtreme offers just about every tool imaginable for creating a Web page from scratch and posting it online. The animation options are a little less inviting since its commands aren't as extensive, but it still offers several tools and framing options. The drawing option feels like Microsoft Paint; anyone could use it. The program comes with a bevy of special features, though our favorite was its Web design templates, which make the complicated process of creating attractive Web sites a little smoother for inexperienced designers. Overall, Xara Xtreme is a great choice for those who need a comprehensive design package. Those who need things spelled out for them should find a program more suited to beginners.


System Requirements

* MicrosoftÂ® WindowsÂ® XP/Vista/7 (32 & 64 Bit)
* 256MB of RAM
* 150MB of available hard-disk space