Perfect Uninstaller 

Have you ever been bothered with software/application/program that are half-installed/uninstalled incorrectly?
 Have you been annoyed with the program you don't want is not in the currently installed programs list so you can not uninstall it through the standard Windows Add/Remove Programs?
 Have you been afraid of the system errors or crash as you uninstall a corrupted program manually? If so, you are in the right place here!

 Perfect Uninstaller is a better, easier and faster way for you to completely uninstall any unwanted program that standard Windows Add/Remove Programs can't remove.
 
What Perfect Uninstaller can do for you ? 

•Uninstall any unwanted or corrupted program on your PC.
 •Forcibly uninstall corrupted programs that cannot be uninstalled from Windows Add/ Remove Programs.
 •Clean all registry entries and drivers that the programs left over.
 •Show detailed information of a certain program installed in your computer.
 •Back up PC system files whenever you boot PC to restore system easily once PC crashes.
 •Completely remove Adobe, Aol Toolbar, Avast, AVG, ESET NOD32, Internet Explorer 8, McAfee, Microsoft Office, Nero 7, Norton, ESET NOD32 and much more difficult to completely uninstall programs! Start your free trial now! 

With Perfect Uninstaller, you can uninstall any unwanted programs on your PC easier and faster. The standard Add /Remove Programs can not always completely uninstall all programs and broken registry keys. Unlike Add/Remove Programs, Perfect Uninstaller not only uninstall the programs, but also wipe out the left registry files. It will protect your PC from corrupted registry errors , improving your PC performance and speed! 


About Perfect Uninstaller™
 
Current Version: V6.3.3.9 
File Size: 2.66 MB 
Operating System: Windows NT/2003/XP/Vista32/ Vista64/Win 7
 Release Date: September 10, 2012 

Homepage: http://www.perfectuninstaller.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 