.
.
.
Question: Would you rather I continue providing ISOs or are VOBs better?


Army of Shadows (1969) FULL DVD (ISO) Criterion Collection


*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This rip is a (DVD-5)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you will need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.

1969
145 minutes
Color 
1.85:1
Spoken Language: French Dolby Digital Mono 1.0, French Dolby Digital Stereo 2.0
Subtitles: English

Director: 
Jean-Pierre Melville

Cast: 
Lino Ventura, Paul Meurisse, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Simone Signoret, Claude Mann, Paul Crauchet, Christian Barbier, Serge Reggiani, André Dewavrin, Alain Dekok, Alain Mottet, Alain Libolt, Jean-Marie Robain

Disc Features:
* Audio commentary featuring film historian Ginette Vincendeau
* Theatrical trailers

SYNOPSIS:  
This masterpiece by Jean-Pierre Melville about the French Resistance went unreleased in the United States for thirty-seven years, until its triumphant theatrical debut in 2006. Atmospheric and gripping, Army of Shadows is Melvilles most personal film, featuring Lino Ventura, Paul Meurisse, Jean-Pierre Cassel, and the incomparable Simone Signoret as intrepid underground fighters who must grapple with their conception of honor in their battle against Hitlers regime.

Bonus Stuff: 
* European Cinema - Face to Face With Hollywood (PDF)
* Fine Cuts: The Art of European Film Editing (PDF)
