The untold story of Obama's major influence in his life - a major Communist who fled with great notoriety to Hawaii - where he was introduced as a black male role model by Obama's father in law




The Communist – Paul Kengor, Ph.D. 

“You may know a man by the company he keeps” – Proverb

There have been many variations of this proverb…you may have heard it as “judge a man by the company he keeps.”

Best-selling author/scholar Dr. Paul Kengor really makes no judgments in his new book The Communist, an accounting of self-proclaimed communist Frank Marshall Davis and his mentoring of a young, would be President, Barack Obama.

n short, Kengor lets his research do the talking—and the hard evidence he uncovers is a sufficiently loud call for Americans to wake up and take a long look at the man who Kengor says had the biggest effect on shaping Obama’s worldview.

Far from conjecture, Davis is cited by the Associated Press as an “important influence” on Obama, one whom he “looked to” not merely for “advice on living” but as a “father” figure.

Here’s Kengor on the July 18 Glenn Beck radio show talking in depth about his new book:

Strangely enough—or perhaps not strange in the least—Obama himself refers to “Frank” no less than 22 times in his memoir, Dreams From My Father…yet never his full name. Why not? (Seriously, do we really need to spell that one out?)

Want more? Check out Davis’ essential values as outlined by Kengor in The Communist: Frank Marshall Davis: The Untold Story of Barack Obama’s Mentor and determine for yourself if any ring some recent bells:

    Advocated wealth redistribution from (in his words) greedy “corporations” to “health insurance” and “public works projects”;
    Favored taxpayer funding of universal health care;
    Supported government stimulus and trumpeted the public sector over the private sector;
    Dismissed traditional notions of American exceptionalism and framed the U.S. not as selflessly serving the post-World War II planet but instead as selfishly flaunting its so-called “mountainous ego” and “racist-imperialist-colonialist” ambitions;
    Sought political support from the “social justice”-oriented Religious Left;
    Viewed the Catholic Church as an obstacle to his vision for the state;
    Vilified the “tentacles of big business,” bankers, big oil, “excess profits,“ corporate fat cats and their ”fat contracts,“ ”millionaires,“ ”rich men,” and the wealthy;
    Attacked “GOP” tax cuts that “spare the rich” and benef