Machine Man Machine Man (Aaron Stack; Serial Number Z2P45-9-X-51, or X-51, for short) originally appeared in the pages of 2001:  A Space Odyssey 8, in July, 1977 (also written and drawn by Jack Kirby.)

Machine Man would go on to appear in a few other popular comics (The Incredible Hulk and The Invincible Iron Man, e.g.) and also in three Volumes of his own, self-titled series:  Volume 1 (19 issues,) published from April,1978 ΓÇô February, 1981; Volume 2 (four issues,) published from October, 1984 ΓÇô January, 1985; and Volume 3 (aka X-51) (12 issues,) September, 1999 - July, 2000.
This title featured Machine Man entering the mainstream Marvel Universe. Jack Kirby wrote and drew the first nine issues, which dealt with the title character's status as a fugitive from the military after the death of his creator, and his first interactions with mankind.

The Volume 2 series was written by Tom DeFalco, with Windsor-Smith coloring.  This series turned out to be one of the most popular of all the Machine Man titles, tying with previous continuity, but with the action set in the distant cyberpunk future of 2020, starting with Machine Man's reassembly.  (This miniseries was re-published in 1994 as two double-size books, under the name, Machine Man 2020.)

Volume 3 gave Machine Man a programming malfunction in that he would uncontrollably attack any mutant he came across.  He was given a drastically more robotic look and his powers were vastly changed.

Machine Man was constructed by unnamed computer engineering specialists under Dr. Oliver Broadhurst at the Broadhurst Center for the Advancement of Mechanized Research; Dr. Abel Stack was his chief programmer.  Machine Man's robotic materials, design, and construction (titanium alloy) provide him with a number of abilities, as does his adamantium composition.  He possesses superhuman strength, speed, stamina, durability, and reflexes.  He is an expert on his own construction and repair.  Machine Man has superhuman visual acuity.  He possesses an above normal intellect, with a capacity for unlimited self-motivated activity, creative intelligence, and human-like emotions.  He has superhuman, cybernetic analytical capabilities, including the ability to process information and make calculations with superhuman speed and accuracy.
Machine Man is powered by solar energy. He can also draw power from several different external energy sources, if needed.  Machine Man has the ability to telescope his arms and legs to a length of 100 feet.  Machine Man's hands are equipped with variable payload fingers, some routinely carried in his fingers, other stored in hidden recesses in his belt.  His fingers contain a different variety of weapons:  gas chromatograph; laser interferometer; micro-pulse radar; audiometer; seismometer; gravity wave detector; pulse-code modulator; standard computer input/outputs; radio beacon; all-wave transceiver; laser cutting torch/weapon; and can project heat, cold, or electricity.  One of his fingers has been shown to contain a bullet-firing mechanism that uses .357 Magnum ammunition.  He has the ability of flight under his own power through the means of anti-gravity disks.

During the X-51 series, Machine Man had a few extra features thanks to nanotechnology within him at the time.  This mainly included parts of himself being rebuilt if damaged, also causing many changes in his look from issue to issue.  He also had a beam cannon on his chest.

In 1979, Machine Man appeared in a story arc within the pages of The Incredible Hulk issues 235-237.  Machine Man appears in a flashback to Iron Man v1 #168 (March, 1983) in Iron Man/Captain America: Casualties of War.  And in 1990, Machine Man guest-starred in Iron Man Annual 11 (part of the "Terminus Factor" storyline  http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7534801/The_Terminus_Factor  ).  These appearances are also included in this torrent.

Enjoy, and please seed.
