All His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada`S live footage original dvds
Dvds in real media format
Total 23 dvd each 4.7 gb coverted to real media format
this i done logtime back when there was no h264 
one can watch them on pc comp laptop with help of provided media player + real alternative  or vlc media player


His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada is considered the foremost contemporary (1896-1977) authority on bhakti-yoga, devotional service to Krishna (God) as taught by the ancient Vedic writings of India. Srila Prabhupada (as he's known to his followers) translated and commented on over eighty volumes of sacred bhakti texts, such as the Bhagavad-gita As It Is and the multi-volume Srimad-Bhagavatam.

Srila Prabhupada boarded a steamship bound from India to New York City in 1965. At age sixty-nine, with forty rupees and a trunk of his Bhagavatam commentaries ΓÇöthe first ever in EnglishΓÇö his aim was to introduce "India's message of peace and goodwill" to the western world. He represented a lineage of spiritual masters extending back to Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, the divine avatar Who spread Krishna bhakti all over India in the sixteenth century. During the last twelve years of his life, Srila Prabhupada would inspire thousands of Westerners and Indians to devote their lives to Krishna consciousness, launching one of the fastest-growing spiritual movements in the history of the world.

He considered his translations and commentaries to be divinely inspired, practical guidebooks for the spiritual and material benefit of human society. Many scholars and professors who met Srila Prabhupada and became familiar with his work continue to use his books as standard university texts, and regard him as a genuine, realized, and scholarly teacher of bhakti.

With the help of his students, he founded the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON). ISKCON became popularly known as the "Hare Krishna" movement, due to its members' widespread practice of chanting the Hare Krishna mantra in public. Srila Prabhupada intended ISKCON to facilitate the association and education of bhakti-yoga practitioners, and his followers continue to spread his mission. 		