Glary Utilities Pro

Automatic care in background.
Optimize, clean and boost the speed of your Windows
Protect your privacy and security.
Block spyware, trojans, adware, etc.
Fix certain application errors.
Simple, fast and User friendly interface.
Much more powerful utilities.

Glary Utilities Pro is an one-stop-shop system optimizer that offers numerous powerful and easy-to-use tools to fix registry errors, clean up computer, speed up and improve system performance.
Glary Utilities Pro is overall system optimizer that provides registry cleaner, disk cleaner, memory optimizer, startup manager, tracks eraser, file undelete, file encrypter and many other practical tools. Its outstanding registry tool is the safest and most efficient one in the market to clean registry and fix registry errors. It does disk cleanup quickly to free up more space by removing invalid registry entries, temporary files, Internet traces. Glary Utilities Pro can easily delete browser add-ons to accelerate Internet speed, analyze disk space usage and find out duplicate files for better file management. Its uninstaller and startup manager lets you intuitively view the installed programs and running processes. File encryption is also supported by this system utility and it can stop your files from unauthorized access. To improve working efficiency, Glary Utilities Pro can split large files into smaller manageable parts and then rejoin them, so as to make it easy to transfer large files by email or on-line communication tools. Furthermore, Glary Utilities Pro includes the options to manage auto-start applications at Windows boot and uninstall software complete in batch without leaving any remnants to burden your system. Other features include file shredder which makes deleted files unrecoverable by malicious person or virus.
All Glary Utilities Pro tools can be accessed through an eye-pleasing and totally simplistic interface. The following is a brief introduction to main functions of this one-stop-shop system optimizer:

Auto-care on a User-defined Schedule
Glary Utilities Pro offers user-defined schedule for auto-care. You can set it to execute scheduled maintenance and optimization when PC is idle or at the most suitable time, daily, weekly or monthly. It will scan your computer automatically and repair problems immediately or after your permission.

One-click Maintenance
Glary Utilities Pro provides an always-on, automated, all-in-one PC care service just by one click, including quick and thorough scan for issues like invalid registry keys, dangling shortcuts, unnecessary startup items, junk of temporary files, Internet history and spyware. Then a second click on ΓÇ£Repair ProblemsΓÇ¥ and you can speed up system performance a great deal. One-click Maintenance makes it easy to optimize system immediately and doesn't bother you with multiple steps.

Clean Up & Repair Module
Disk Cleaner - Removes junk data from your disks and recovers disk space.
Registry Cleaner - Scans and cleans up your registry to improve your system's performance.
Shortcuts Fixer - Corrects the errors in your startmenu & desktop shortcuts.
Uninstall Manager - Uninstalls programs completely that you don't need any more.

Optimize & Improve Module
Startup Manager - Manages programs which run automatically on startup.
Memory Optimizer - Monitors and optimizes free memory in the background.
Context Menu Manager - Manages the context-menu entries for files, folders...
Registry Defrag - Defrag the Windows registry to speed up your computer.

Privacy & Security Module
Tracks Eraser - Erases all the traces,evidences,cookies,internet history and more.
File Shredder - Erases files permanently so that no one can recover them.
File Undelete - Quick and effective way to retrieve accidentally deleted files.
File Encrypter and Decrypter - Protects your files from unauthorized access and use.

Files & Folders Module
Disk Analysis - Shows you the disk space usage of your files and folders.
Duplicate Files Finder - Searches for space-wasting and error producing duplicate files.
Empty Folders Finder - Finds and removes empty folders in your windows.
File Splitter and Joiner - Splits large files into smaller manageable files, and then rejoin them.

System Tools Module
Process Manager - Monitors programs that run on your PC and stop spyware and Trojans.
Internet Explorer Assistant - Manages Internet Explorer Add-ons and restores hijacked settings.
System Information - Collects information about your hardware and software.
Windows Standard Tools - Provides direct access to the useful windows default functions.

Supported OS:

Designed for Windows 8, 7, 2000, XP, and Vista. 32/64bit version.

Homepage: http://www.glarysoft.com/glary-utilities-pro/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.