Anita Blake is a fictional character in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of novels by Laurell K. Hamilton. Subsequently, she has also appeared in the Dabel Brothers/Marvel Comics adaptation of her first novel, Guilty Pleasures.

The series takes place in a parallel fantasy world where vampires, shape shifters, werewolves, faeries, etc. exist. Her night job, and primary source of income, is the legal profession of re-animating the dead. As an "animator" in a parallel St. Louis, her job entails using magical abilities to bring temporary life to dead bodies in order to question them for legal purposes. She is a necromancer, which allows her to control the dead, including vampires and zombies, but not ghosts and ghouls. She is also a licensed vampire hunter/executioner, with eventual empowerment as a federal marshal. In her world this profession involves tracking down and killing vampires who have murdered humans. She is also held in retainer for the Regional Preternatural Investigation Team (RPIT, pronounced Rip-it), which investigates supernatural crimes committed involving magic, vampires, werewolves, and other supernatural creatures.

A strong protagonist in the series, Blake is very direct, flippant, and highly competent in the professions she is involved in. She is trained in judo, kenpo and knows how to use several weapons, but is most efficient with guns (as the series begins, the Browning Hi-Power is her carry gun of choice, though later in the series she switches to the Browning BDM). She is also a devout Christian which often creates moral dilemmas for the character. She is currently of the Episcopal faith, having left Catholicism since the Catholic Church has excommunicated all animators. She is of mixed heritage, her mother having been Mexican and her father's family German.


1: Guilty Pleasures
2: The Laughing Corpse
3: Circus of the Damned
4: The Lunatic Cafe
5: Bloody Bones
6: The Killing Dance
7: Burnt Offerings
8: Blue Moon
9: Obsidian Butterfly
10: Narcissus in Chains
11: Cerulean Sins
12: Incubus Dreams
13: Micah
14: Danse Macabre
15: The Harlequin
16: Blood Noir
17: Skin Trade
18: Flirt
19: Bullet
20: Hit List