Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games Trilogy(MOBI-EPUB-PDF)[Team Nanban][TPB]

FORMAT: MOBI, PDF, EPUB
ISBN: 0439023483 | ISBN: 978-0-439-02349-8 | ISBN: 978-0-439-02351-1 | Size: 8.53 MB

DESCRIPTION:

The Hunger Games:
The Hunger Games is a young-adult science fiction novel written by Suzanne Collins. It was originally published on September 14, 2008, by Scholastic. 
It is the first book of the Hunger Games trilogy. It introduces sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives in a post-apocalyptic world in the country of 
Panem where North America once existed. This is where a government working in a central city called the Capitol holds power. In the book, 
the Hunger Games are an annual televised event where the Capitol chooses one boy and one girl from each of 12 districts to fight to the death. 
The Hunger Games exist to demonstrate that not even children are beyond the reach of the Capitol's jurisdiction.

Catching Fire:
Katniss learns that the Capitol is angry at her for her defiance in the previous novel, which started a chain reaction that inspired rebellion in the districts. 
For a special 75th edition of the Hunger Games, she and Peeta are forced into competing a second time with other past winners. They team up with a 
few other tributes and manage to destroy the arena and escape the Games. Katniss is transported to District 13, a place that is widely thought to 
no longer exist, but Peeta is captured by the Capitol.

Mockingjay
Mockingjay, the third and final book, centers around Katniss and the districts' rebellion against the Capitol. Katniss, now a refugee in District 13, 
demands the right to kill President Snow. Peeta and the others who were captured by the Capitol are rescued by a party including Gale, 
but Peeta's memories have been "hijacked" with the use of tracker jacker venom, which causes him to hate Katniss. He tries to kill Katniss, but is restrained.
 Finally, a group including Katniss, Gale, and a normalized Peeta go to the Capitol on a mission to assassinate President Snow. Before Katniss can reach him, 
her little sister Prim is killed in a bombing. Snow later tells Katniss that Coin, the president of District 13, was behind the bombing. 
During Snow's execution Katniss shoots Coin, and later Snow is also found dead, possibly from choking on his own blood. 
Katniss has a psychotic break, and tries to kill herself while in solitary confinement. Katniss, Peeta, and Haymitch return to District 12, and 
Katniss eventually begins to recover. In the epilogue, it is revealed that Katniss and Peeta are married and have two children.

PLZ SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"