I had a hella time finding this cd again after losing it years ago. Finally found it at a used cd store for $2.99 after years of looking.

Here it is, ripped slow to 320kbps VBR. Enjoy!

*I'm looking for all three albums by Junkhouse (Hamilton, Ontario band from the *90s), please rip to 320kbps and upload if you have them! Especially looking for *Birthday Boy.

Tracklist:
Imitate Yourself (1996)
1. Acid Tongue
2. Give
3. Cigarette Religion
4. She's My Brother
5. Empty Rooms
6. Medusa
7. Lovefinger
8. Cozy
9. Shelf Life
10. Cousin Dave's Water Pistol
11. Paper-thin Beautiful
12. Imitate Yourself

From

"It's your cigarette religion, it's just what it takes to make you see.  So take me higher."  Fleshpaint were an Ottawa band that released their debut album, Imitate Yourself, in 1996.  They were signed to indie label, TOX records and they recorded the album in Montreal.  The band was essentially a three piece in the studio but expanded to 5 members when playing live.  The members were Rick Thomas, Marty Spiro, Jacob Kelly, Kevin Eamon and Dawn Liberty.  Their sound was industrial pop.  The song, Cigarette Religion, is a perfect example of that and received some good airplay on alternative radio when it was released.  As far as I know, the band didn't record another album following this release.  There isn't much on the band but it does appear that some of the players in this band were also members of other bands in the Ottawa area.  I read somewhere that Fleshpaint may have actually been a side project originally.  Nonetheless, they will be remembered for this cool musical nugget in Canadian history.  The album isn't widely available anymore and likely out of print.  At the time of this blog, there were copies trading on Amazon between $20 and $40.  You can hear the song, Cigarette Religion, on You Tube As always, you can hear this song as well as others that I blog about each day on Live 365 (http://www.live365.com/stations/raisedoncndnradio).  Thanks for reading and enjoy! 