BORIS_RED_V5.1.5_MACOSX-XFORCE

Transitions, Professional Text, and Advanced Composites 

Boris RED is the only integrated 3D compositing, titling, and effects application to deliver unparalleled performance to video editing software from Adobe, Apple, Avid, Grass Valley, Media 100, and Sony. An indispensable tool for post-production and broadcast professionals, RED offers a wide range of features right on your NLE timeline and adds a standalone engine for effects creation and rendering. RED integrates broadcast-quality text generators, paint, rotoscoping, a full suite of tools to create and extrude vector objects, true 3D shapes and animation, and the industryΓÇÖs most comprehensive image processing filter suite.

The new Version 5 release introduces support for 64-bit applications such as Adobe CS6 / CS5.x and Sony Vegas Pro v11 / v10, adds 60+ new Continuum Complete and Final Effects Complete filters, and provides a score of user interface and workflow enhancements including ergonomic panels and a curve editor. 

RED Key Features

    3D Text Tools
    Image Restoration & Retouching
    Raster and Vector Paint System
    Corner Pinning and Match Moving
    Optical Image Stabilization
    Standalone Render Engine
    Motion Tracking
    Unwanted Object Removal

NEW

    User Interface and Workflow Enhancements
    Support for 64-bit Video Editing Applications
    40+ Filters from Final Effects Complete
    High-quality Image Restoration Tools
    UpRez
    3-Way Color Grading
    Includes all Boris FX and Graffiti Features
    Over 220 VFX Filters from Boris Continuum Complete and Final Effects Complete
    New 3D Particle Effects
    Realistic In-Camera Effects
    Stylized Effects
    Painterly Effects
    50+ New Transition Effects

Boris Host Compatibility

    Adobe
    Apple
    Autodesk
    Avid
    Grass Valley
    Media 100
    Sony

Installation:

.   Install BorisFX Product

.   Use XFORCE keygen to generate your Serial
   Proceed with installation ...

.   Start BorisFX product, at the registration screen select Unlock
  Generate your Activation code using XFORCE Keygen

itNB: on MACOSX you can enter the unlock code at the installation ..



.  That's it, Enjoy 