Ten Photo Assignments to develop your photographic skills
By Amanda Quintenz-Fiedler
Rocky Nook | November 2011 | ISBN-10: 1933952792 | EPUB/PDF | 16/14.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Ten-Photo-Assignments-develop-photographic/dp/1933952792

Become a Better Digital Photographer, One Assignment at a Time
There is no better way to learn than by doing. While theories, histories, best practices, and sciences ground a thorough knowledge of any subject, at some point you have to apply that information to truly garner knowledge.
This book provides real-world assignments that guide prospective photographers to a true understanding and mastery of the craft. Each assignment includes a list of goals, detailed instructions, illustrations, and examples. Individual assignments build on one another, allowing your mastery to grow as the book continues.
Learn about the capabilities and limitations of your equipment; the proper ways to expose a scene for digital capture; dos and don'ts of cropping and scene placement; how to color manage a scene in-camera; and how to see, manipulate, and augment light to obtain the best possible native files.

About the Author
Amanda Quintenz-Fiedler is a writer, photographer, and educator. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Purdue University in 2000 with a major in Interdisciplinary Film Studies and minors in Photography, English, and Math. She went on to pursue a MFA in Photography from Brooks Institute, graduating in 2009. Her MFA culminating project, "American Narcissism", was a visual and verbal examination of modern American attitudes. She has written articles regarding photographers, digital fine art theory, and fine art education for publications such as Rangefinder, Digital Photo Pro, Photographers Forum, and the Photo Imaging Education Association (PIEA) Journal.

CONTENTS
Introduction
Section A: You're Smarter Than Your Equipment
Assignment 1 : The Perfect Baseline: Your EI Test
Assignment 2 : Lens Choices
Section B: Color Counts
Assignment 3: Choosing the Right Preset
Assignment 4 : The Perfect Balance
Section C: Exposing Exposures
Assignment 5: Equivalent Exposures
Assignment 6: Mastering Metering
Section D: Compose Yourself
Assignment 7: Rule of Thirds
Assignment 8: Get Closer
Section E: Follow the Light
Assignment 9: Find the Light
Assignment 1 0 : Manage the Light
Touchdown
Index