Release Info:

Aiseesoft Multimedia Software Ultimate is a powerful software includes a complete set of 9 Rip video, convert all kinds of video, copy DVD, slideshow, transfer files to iPod, iphone ringtone making iPhone, Burn MP3 files on DVD or CD, audio converter and YouTube downloader is. With this software you can get your DVD video to various video and audio files to convert. Powerful editing features such as effects, on putting the video store, video clips, crop video area, performance, adding watermark, combine videos together and ... Typical features of the software. Aiseesoft Multimedia Software Ultimate V6.2.38 Software Features: - Rip any DVD with audio and video formats with powerful technology to remove the copyright protection. - Ability to copy DVD-Video 5 to format DVD-5, DVD-9 to DVD-9 copy and compress DVD-9 video to DVD-5 format and copy DVD disc to DVD folder or ISO image file and burn to disk DVD. - Using MP3 to DVD Burner, you can easily make your own MP3 files on DVD or CD onto high quality. - Convert all kinds of videos to various video and audio formats. - powerful editing features such as editing, Or put a watermark on the video combination.

Make iPhone ringtones from movies, music or DVD and transfer your iPhone directly. 
- transferring files such as videos, music or photos between iPad, iPhone, iPod and computer. 
- Slideshow Maker can make use of the videos and photos. Create beautiful slideshows of your family. 
- Using YouTube Downloader tool, you can easily broadcast your favorite movies and clips for free from youtube download.

Key Feature of Multimedia Software Toolkit:

Aiseesoft Multimedia Software Toolkit is really the all-in-one pack bounded of 9 powerful programs: DVD Ripper, Video Converter, DVD Copy, Slideshow Maker, iPod Transfer, iPhone Ringtone Maker, MP3 to DVD Burner, Audio Converter and YouTube Downloader Pro. So with this one tool, you can convert DVD and any video/audio files. Also more editing functions are available for you to adjust: adjust output video effect, capture any clips, crop video play region, add watermark, and join videos together, and so on.
Moreover, this software can copy DVD to DVD in high quality, burn video/audio files to DVD, transfer files between computer and iPod/iPhone devices, create slideshow with your source photo/video/audio files, make iPhone ringtone M4R from DVD/video sources, and download on-line movie for free.
Convert DVD and any video/audio files
Copy, backup and burn DVD
Transfer files between PC and iPod/iPhone/iPad devices
Make iPhone M4R ringtone from DVD/video sources
Download on-line movie/videos for free

Rip, copy or convert any DVD at random:

Rip any DVD with deciphering technology:

With powerful deciphering function, DVD Ripper enables you to rip any DVD to most popular video and audio formats by removing various copy protections.

Copy DVD without any limitation:

With DVD Copy, you can smoothly copy DVD-5 video to DVD-5 format, copy DVD-9 to DVD-9 and compress DVD-9 video to DVD-5 format. Also it can copy DVD disc to DVD folder or ISO image files, burn local DVD folders or ISO image files to DVD disc.

Burn your MP3 files to DVD:

With MP3 to DVD Burner, you can easily burn MP3 file to DVD/CD with excellent quality.

Convert and edit video/audio files:

Convert any video to various video or audio formats:

The Video Converter and Audio Converter can help you convert video/audio to many popular video/audio formats.

Powerful video editing functions:

The DVD/video converters provide users with strong video editing functions, such as trimming, cropping, merging, watermarking videos.

Make iPhone ringtone and Transfer iPod files:

Create ideal iPhone ringtone as you like:

iPhone Ringtone Maker enables you to create personalized iPhone ringtone from various movies, songs and DVD. And you can transfer the ringtone to iPhone directly.

Transfer files between iPod and PC:

The built-in iPod Transfer helps users transfer iPod video/auido/photo files to computer and import local files to iPod/iPhone/iPad.

Additional fuctions to make your multimedia life more colorful:

Make slideshow:

With Slideshow Maker, you are allowed to make personalized slideshow video with your family photoes or various video clips.

Get any video for free:

With Free YouTube Downloader, you can easily download any favorite movies or TV shows from YouTube video site for free.

System Requirements of Multimedia Software Toolkit:

OS Supported: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP and Windows Vista, Windows 7
Hardware Requirements: 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU, or above; 512MB RAM or more







