This Chancy, Chancy, Chancy World
By Leonard Rastrigin
Translated from the Russian by R.H.M. Woodhouse
Mir Publishers | 1984 | ISBN-10: 5030002308 | 287 psges | 9.36 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/This-Chancy-World/dp/5030002308
scanned to PDF by me

Have you ever sat down and thought about how often chance affects your life? If you have, then you probably realize that chance literally hits us from every side. We live in a world more vulnerable to the vicissitudes of chance than the wildest imagination could devise.
Chance abounds in an endless variety of forms. Some darken our existence, confound our plans and prevent us from realizing our most cherished ambitions. Others do not affect us, while others still illuminate our lives with all the colours of the rainbow and bring happiness and success (eureka!).
But is it really worth talking about chance? What is there to say about it? Chance is chancy, and that's that.
In fact there is a great deal we can say about chance and there is even more we can ask about it. For example: how does chaos arise? What is control? How should we act in circumstances involving chance? How can we come to terms with the difficulties that arise from chance obstacles in our lives? What is the Monte Carlo method? Why is learning necessary? What role does chance play in evolution and progress? How is it that our chancy, chancy, chancy world gets along quite well? Is it possible to make it better still? Answers to these and many other questions will be found in this book.

About the Author
LEONARD RASTRIGIN graduated in aircraft design from the Moscow Aeronautical Institute and, in 1960, presented his Ph.D. thesis on mechanics. He then made a 179-degree turn and 'retreated' into cybernetics, where he studied random search ΓÇö a new technique for finding optimum solutions to complex problems. Cybernetics brings him both joy and sorrow. His work in this field has gained him his doctorate and a professorship, and he is ijow Director of the only random search laboratory in the world. Here his task is to vindicate the claims of random search and to demonstrate its advantages in practical applications. Professor Rastrigin is a very busy man. Yet no sooner does he have a day off duty than he reaches for his pen. In the space of a few years he has written two monographs and over a hundred scientific articles. This Chancy, Chancy, Chancy World is his first book devoted to acquainting the general reader with his special field of study.

I had a lot of difficulty in scanning thius tightly bound paperback. This is the best I could do without damaging my book. I decided to share it as there is nothing better anywhere on the web!