Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:              
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:               
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:              
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:              
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?o5b0i6lash6jlpk5oavfuf7ey79w  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?t7fgpkq6whvl3zskgg19jca80rtx  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ru0pf6yhhb6n959gj3f9s875dtjx  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?cj84dhssmq041er0izq226atcgxq  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?oi50hcsqpl48iiogt4c2oxhmoknk  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bgg5nvlbeagaravu9nep3exmr8t   standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ymw02bdo7yl8fvzqqsyc6nfkk1a   spreading 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?jirvydescjl6foq7yiotyuxy5d5v  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?we0jjks1pdbgvgf6jkuue9nte1r   vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?vc73ifgrwdhqfu7ld3whwqvn9vxz  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?83hks99ye6aiybln536uqhzxrlyk  vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: You know I didn't have a clue what I'd be doing when I arrived in phx. I saw the site and my girlfriend was the one who set me up and everything but she isn't the one going out on a limb to shoot porn! Well maybe it isn't that kind of porn and ever since I turned 18 last month I wanted to do something like this. What ended up making my mind was those really pretty photos that are all over the site. So I'm starting with this site and I'll probably do more (nothing porn-wise with guys) but girls for sure. I love girls and I've been with them before I ever had a boyfriend. Maybe I like girls more but I'm what you'd call bisexual. Maybe its my red hair but I can turn most girls lesbian just like my roomate who dared me to do ftv. Because of my red hair people think I'm Irish but I'm actually Norwegian. Never been there, born and raised in California. I've been a redhead most of my life but took a chance and dyed my hair blonde (because guys all seem to want blondes) and it was cool for a while. But all my gf's preferred me redhead. It matches my pubic hair too :) You should have seen the shock the photographer had when he met me at the airport dressed the way I was. I thought it'd be cute to come in theme and me & my gf picked it out, down to the necktie! At the time I didn't know why we're going out to some park and fancy place to do the shooting but after seeing the pics & videos I see why! I was both nervous and excited about getting naked there. I can't say I've ever done this before! Something inside me wanted to do more after experiencing it. He told me to masturbate like I would do when I'm at home on my bed so I did. I don't really use vibrators (but sometimes I like using them on my girlfriends). I pretty much use my fingers the way I did on film or I do it in the shower. That's how I figured out how to masturbate in the first place.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Lacie sent these photos a few weeks back: #1 #2 #3 #4 #5. A natural redhead, some of the photos were with her as a blonde. I was happy to see her arrive with her natural hair color, its such a rare thing to see such a beautiful redhead for FTV. From the moment she arrived, I realized it would be an incredible shoot. Believe it or not, she was wearing the 'schoolgirl' outfit you see at the beginning of the shoot! I wonder what people were thinking while sitting next to her on the plane... We went on location, while quiet -- she opened up rather quickly and you could see her enjoy this 'freeing' experience of getting naked out in an open area. Very cute, leggy, with the the prettiest private parts (and reddish pubic hair!) she gives us upskirt views, then takes her top off. Notice some perfectly shaped breasts, firm and round with the perkiest nipples. She seems to arouse herself by playing with her nipples, then starts to masturbate with her fingers. I test her out by having her walk out in the open without any clothes on... it only makes her smile more and bring out her personality. Back home she gets to masturbate for real, doing it her way to orgasm. She does it in a very nice, natural way, like she would at home. I have her pick her cutest lingerie, then go to the bedroom and show us how she would masturbate in the bathtub (which she does later). Then its all about extreme closeups of her private parts, with long labia stretching and spreading (and pubic hair play). Those pink panties then get stuffed, and when she pulls them out its got all her milky white juices on them. Notice her flexibility (which brings her to do a ballet scene later). She came so well prepared, with all sorts of cute clothes, heels and dresses, I wish I had more time to shoot her.

Model Comments: I had a wonderful lunch and I wanted to impress the photographer with one of my sexiest dresses. I'm not sure if its what he likes or what the viewers like, but he's got a lot of girls in nice dresses in the pictures I saw on the site. I've got to say though, the more I spent time with him that day the more I was getting attracted to him. He was making me more and more horny and I loved his big brown eyes with gold flecks. I don't have a boyfriend and I don't plan on getting serious with anyone so if I could have hooked up with him I would. If he reads this well thats the point! I think I'm pretty kinky with girls, but I've never done things like use panties or cucumbers in my cooch. I like my body (though I wouldn't mind having bigger breasts... naturally!) and I think that my legs look good from all the dancing lessons I had including ballet (thanks mom!). When I did to my ballet scene I was stumbling a lot (but I really didn't have any warmup or practice and I didn't have any socks to glide on the sticky tiles). I got to masturbate in the bathtub (wow what a beautiful bathroom!) and came one more time. I'm not into big dicks or anything, but I wanted to impress the photographer with that pink toy and it ended up feeling better and better when I used it more. I would have almost come from it if it wasn't making me sore after a while. If that head wasn't so big and thick I think I would have. I like sex, I like girls and if it ever happens I would love it if I could have an experience with another ftv girl.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  We take a lunch break, and she's wearing a very sexy green dress, with no bra. Its an interview and flashing, but its pretty hot to see her nipples and areola outline through the near seethrough dress. Even the shorts she's wearing develop 'cameltoe', but the pants come off soon enough -- and she's flashing bottomless at this resort restaurant area. We then go to another open locale, where she changes to a supercute (and seethrough) white dress, changes to some cute strappy wedges, then walks around the halls bottomless. With sexy legs like hers, and that full cute butt, its a total pleasure watching her walk like this. Her perfect breasts get exposed, and she does a very hard breast massage. Then it gets kinky, as she uses a cucumber, and stuffs it deep till it almost disappears! She then tries a second, and barely manages to double-stuff herself. Fine & tight, she can 'hold' one of the cucumbers in her vagina... Back home she does a very fun & cute ballerina scene, graceful and funny at the same time. Its been a while since I've had a girl that can do ballet (Andrea comes to mind). Then she masturbates in the bathtub, I wasn't sure if the power of the showerhead was enough, but it brought her to her own natural orgasm, like her first one. Rapidly running out of time for the day, I wanted her to try her most extreme, picking the largest toy she thinks she can use. She ends up using the Big Pink toy, which initially looked like it wouldn't fit... Then the more she worked it, the more she got into it. For a while there I thought she would stop, but she got more and more into it, and creamy juices started flowing down the toy and her thighs. She really is a super sexual girl... So enjoy this Total First Timer, you're seeing her first break into adult. She's the kind of girl I can see shooting in Hawaii...