Screens:
  
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68974.jpg  
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68975.jpg  
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68976.jpg

Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City-SKIDROW
Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City (c) Capcom

04-05-2012....Release Date  Protection................zdp+GFWL
TPS..............Game Type  Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

It is September 1998 and the action focuses on the ill-fated Raccoon
City and the horrific consequences of the deadly T-virus outbreak
developed at the Umbrella facility. With a cover up required, Umbrella
orders an elite team into Raccoon City to destroy all evidence of the
outbreak and eliminate any survivors. Meanwhile, the US Government has
quarantined the city and dispatched its own team of elite soldiers to
determine the source of the mysterious outbreak

You are an Umbrella Security Services soldier (U.S.S.), competing alone
or in up to four player co-op in a battle against all the competing
forces at play in Raccoon City. Expect the return of original Resident
Evil enemies, iconic landmarks such as the Raccoon City Police
Department and fan favorite characters, including Leon S. Kennedy, who
as a rookie police officer in Raccoon City, is on your hit list to
eliminate

Experience the Fear: Set in the terrifying world of Resident Evil
Three Corner Conflict: Bio-Organic Weapons (B.O.W) and zombies create
an unpredictable third force and additional challenge on the
battlefield, adding chaos to the shooter game play

Campaign Mode - both single player and up to 4 player co-op: You are
part of the Umbrella Security Service. Protect the truth behind the
T-Virus outbreak by any means necessary

Fight Online: Robust and fully featured online multiplayer modes
Define your Play Style: Gain new abilities and skills unique to your
playable character as your experience level increases

International Team Development: a high quality, fully loaded, third
person co-op / multiplayer shooter developed in collaboration between
Capcom Japan development studios and an experienced Western multiplayer
specialist studio

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

You need to make an offline Games For Windows Live profile, for being
able to load/save		