Format: 2 .mp4 files

Trailer:

The film project ΓÇ₧Alone in the ZoneΓÇ¥ is an independent and non-commercial production. It presents the actual state of the exclusion zone, not changed in production or post-producti filmed exclusively with a camera mounted on a helmet. No embellishments or additions, no artificial, staged scenes. At least that was my goal in wearing a heavy helmet with a camera trying to maintain maximum realism of the places I filmed. Thanks to this, you can see exa what I saw. And thanks to my commentary, you will be able get even more of a feel for that atmosphere and learn something about it. And if I bore you too much, you can always switc off and listen to the atmospheric music written specially for this film.
So if you liked the trailer, or you are interested in themes connected with the Chernobyl dis you will definitely like this film. You will see places which no one (well, almost no one) has before. You will also see places which no one else will see because they already no longer ex This film will also be valuable for people who are thinking about, planning, or already gettin ready for a trip there. In every place visited, a current dosimeter reading will be shown and disk you will also find a map indicating all the places shown in the film. If you ever go there will be able to get to these places on your own.
The film could also be valuable for people who canΓÇÖt go to the zone because they are undera donΓÇÖt have time or money or for those who just lack the courage :). Or for fans of Call of Dut STALKER whose, as one viewer very accurately summed up, entire knowledge of Chernobyl based on these games.
And so in buying this film, you are also buying a ticket to the exclusion zone. And you will le something more than you would from a game. You will feel as if you were there yourself... Here I would like to thank all of the people who directly or indirectly helped to make this fil happen. Most of them did it for free. However, in order for the film to see the light of day, s essential expenses were necessary. In order to cover them, there has to be a charge for the If more people than I anticipate buy it, then the whole profit from the film will be given to h the poorest residents of the zone (re-settlers). The whole project as a rule is meant to be n commercial.
The film will be distributed in a limited edition, 500 copies in a DVD version and 100 copies i Full HD version (Blu-ray disk or ISO file on 5 DVDs). After the printing is sold out, sales will and it will no longer be possible to buy the film. The film will also not appear on the interne (Note: ISO file is not compatible with Windows XP)

Website: http://www.podniesinski.pl/portal/?page_id=3491