Follow my uploads here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

SkySpy helps you find aircraft information rapidly using augmented reality Γÿà

It has never been easier to see what's going on overhead. All you have to do is pointing your phone to the plane in the sky like taking a photo and tapping the label of the plane to get detailed information about it. That's it!

Do you want to impress your friends? Do you want to know where this 9 o'clock flight you see every day is going to? Are you an aviation enthusiast or a plane spotter who wants to see what flight will arrive next at the local airport? So this tool is the right choice for YOU. It is useful for anyone who wants aircraft information instantly and it is surely a nice gag too.

What makes us different?
There are various sites at the internet providing you with online radar views and radar apps. So why choose this one?
We are the fastest, because we restrict to targets you can really spot at your location. As we do not deliver a huge amount of unnecessary data, we are also the leanest when it comes to bandwith consumption. We are focussed on usability, not on eye-candy-round-edged-boxes-with-colored-gradients. No unnecessary clicks with our unique concept. We are the quickest when the question comes to find the target. What could be easier than pointing to the aircraft you want details for? Last but not least augmented reality is part of the usability concept even available in the free version, not just another nice feature, like in flightradar24 or planefinder.

What makes this app "pro"?
No more ads, and two additional features: A button in the details tab which guides you to find the plane in the spy tab. Synchronization of phone and "receiver" clock (see our site for additional info).


                                By bobiras2009		