Splice
Cipher Prime
Resequence, mutate, and splice in this experimental microbial puzzler by Cipher Prime. Available for the first time on Android, Splice will strain your brain while you commence cellular alteration to connect and complete a sequence of puzzles, all to a fantastic and compelling score.
For the best Splice experience, Cipher Prime recommends a device with a screen size of five inches or larger.

Eufloria
Omni Systems
Take to space, conquer asteroids, and grow an organic army of seedlings in this elegant and unique real-time strategy game by Omni Systems. Featuring themes of plant growth and bio mechanical evolution, Eufloria uses beautiful visuals and an amazing ambient soundtrack to create an experience unlike any other.

Waking Mars
Tiger Style
When a mission of first contact doesn't go as expected, astrobiologist Liang is trapped underneath the surface of Mars. With the help of his trusty jetpack and his allies on the surface, you must help Liang discover the secret ecosystem underground and bring a sleeping planet to life. Waking Mars developers Tiger Style describe the gameplay as "action gardening" where the player controls how the ecosystem of Mars develops, making for a unique environment dictated by the player's actions.
Waking Mars has been nominated for Best Mobile Game and Excellence in Audio in 2012 Independent Game Festival, and is debuting for Windows, Mac, Linux, and Android.

Crayon Physics Deluxe
Kloonigames
Crayon Physics Deluxe is a physics-based puzzle game that won the Seumas McNally Grand Prize at the 2008 Independent Games Festival. In Crayon Physics Deluxe, your doodles and drawings transform into objects you can use to push, pull, slide, shield, and catapult the ball towards the goal in more than 70 distinct levels. This unique puzzler is available for the first time on Android.

Superbrothers + CAPY + Jim Guthrie
Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP ΓÇö which is seeing its Android debut right here with us ΓÇö delivers a completely fresh adventure gaming experience, defying conventions to develop a unique kind of storytelling. The plot is unveiled in "sessions," each of which involves traversing a mythical realm, using your sword to battle and evoking sworcery to solve puzzles. Every scene overflows with rich graphic and auditory detail, featuring distinctive artwork by Superbrothers Inc. and music and sound design by Jim Guthrie.