KLS Backup 2011

KLS Backup 2011 is a powerful backup and synchronization program that allows you to backup or synchronize your data to local and network drives, cloud storage, CD/DVD media, WebDAV or FTP server. The backup files can be stored uncompressed or compressed in standard Zip, 7-Zip or SQX format. KLS Backup 2011 can backup: files and folders from local drives, network locations or cloud storage, databases, mail boxes and other application specific data (profiles). Advanced version management, makes possible to find and restore any backup version within seconds. The synchronization feature allows you to easily synchronize the contents of two different folders.

Key features

Easy-to-use but powerful integrated workspace.
Backup data from local and network drives, cloud storage, FTP and WebDAV servers, Windows Registry.
Backup of databases (Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL) and application data (Outlook, Thunderbird).
Backup to local and network drives, FTP and WebDAV servers, CD/DVD media. 
Backup to cloud: Windows Azure, Amazon S3, OpenStack Object Storage, Eucalyptus Walrus
Full, incremental and differential backups.
Backup of open files and NTFS permissions.
Highly configurable backup profiles and plugins.
Standard ZIP compression, Zip64 support, 7-Zip and a custom encryption format.
Powerful archive management and search functions.
Selective restore of files and folders to original or custom locations.
Secure archives with AES encryption, SSL/TLS support for remote transfers.
Two-way file synchronization engine with version support.
Automated backups with the build-in scheduler service.
Detailed backup logs, E-Mail notifications and Windows Application Log support
Command Line Interface (Console)
Compatible with Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008, including 32 and 64-bit versions.

System Requirements

Windows 2000/NT4/XP/Vista/7 32 and 64-bit (all editions)
Windows Server 2000/2003/2003R2/2008/2008R2/SBS2011 32 and 64-bit (all editions)
Hard drive with at least 15MB free disk space for installation
64MB memory

Homepage: http://www.kls-soft.com/klsbackup/index.php

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Use given key to register application.
4. Done, Enjoy.