Black & Decker The Complete Guide to Treehouses : Design & Build Your Kids a Treehouse (2nd Ed)
by Philip Schmidt
Creative Publishing International | May 2012 | ISBN-10: 1589236610 | PDF | 224 pages | 159 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Black-Decker-Complete-Guide-Treehouses/dp/1589236610

Treehouses are more popular today than ever before. Our original treehouse book, The Complete Guide: Build Your Kids a Treehouse, was published in 2007. It exceeded all sales projections right out of the gate and continues to be a leading title in the treehouse category. Now, we've made it even better. The expanded edition features three all-new treehouses shown in complete step by step detail, along with full plans. Also includes an expanded inspiration section, offering a wider variety of unique and interesting treehouses that generate ideas and excitement. Exciting book for parents or grandparents to use with their children.

ThereΓÇÖs No House Like a Treehouse
Few building projects garner as much excitement as a treehouse; built for fun and built to last, a treehouse can provide you and your loved ones a memorable place to rest and play for years to come. This updated 2nd edition of The Complete Guide to Treehouses provides updated information and techniques for arboreal carpenters of all skill levels. Not only will you learn the basics of creating elevated platforms and how to erect walls and roofs around branches and trunks, but youΓÇÖll also find complete walk-throughs for two distinct treehouses, as well as detailed designs for six more. Now that youΓÇÖve got the info you need, all you need is a tree and a few basic tools to begin the most enjoyable construction project youΓÇÖve ever known.

This book includes:
- Planning & design ideas
- Basic carpentry instruction
- Complete treehouse plans
- Options and ideas for 1-, 2-, and 3-trunk treehouses

About the Author
Veteran author Philip Schmidt (Golden, CO) has written bestselling DIY volumes on a wide range of home subjects, from green remodeling to storage to building treehouses.