What is amped five? 

Amped Five is a world leader in image processing software specifically designed for investigative, forensic and security applications. Its primary purpose is to provide forensic investigators a complete and unique solution to process and analyze digital images and video data in a simple, fast and precise way.
Through processing and analyzing both still and video images, then utilizing a clear workflow to present evidence that withstands the scrutiny of the courtroom, Amped Five is the forensic investigator's trusted partner. Thanks to its revolutionary technology, Amped Five allows investigators to solve a wide range of problems which are otherwise easily missed. Since Five is self-contained, it can help to dramatically reduce the time required to process data and improves the success rate of the treated cases, from the restoration of low quality CCTV video to fingerprint analysis.

Amped Five has brought the key clarification tools for both video and still images into a single package that is both fast and impressive. Whether one needs to deblur a single image or stabilize a video, it can all be done with the same application. The interface is different, but very intuitive, enabling users to be up and running in a very short time. Although I have many tools in my image processing toolbox, I have added Five and am using it often.
George Reis, Forensic Image Analyst at Imaging Forensics and author of Photoshop CS3 for Forensics Professionals
Maintaining the original evidence integrity is a key element in the design of Amped Five. In the law enforcement arena, courts, judges, prosecutors, and defense attorneys can sense the weakness of evidence and exclude it if there is any manipulation that has been done. The current judicial trend in admission of digital evidence shows that undocumented or modified files have a strong chance of being excluded. If this is the key evidence in a case, the case is likely to be lost.

With Five, our core philosophy in designing the product is that everything is done by simply applying a filter. This means that no rendering, modifying, altering or disturbing original evidence is done. Whether you are loading a video, exporting a sequence, applying some denoising, selecting frames, taking measurements and so on... This concept of filtering allows for very fast, elegant, and predictable workflow. For each step in the process, every filter takes as input the image or video generated by the previous filter and, after the processing, passes the result to their output filter (if any). You can even modify a filter and see the real time output effects on another one: in this way you can see how modifying some values on a previous filter will modify the final result. This is very effective especially for complex problems and long chains of filters.


Website: http://ampedsoftware.com/five

this software is cracked and it is also portable a total of 115mb 


and to buy it you need a  government ID and it is VERY expensive but for us its free :D



i hope you all enjoy it it 



