The 3rd volume of the interesting Acoustic compilations rolls out. And what is on offer this time? There's the obvious hit or two thrown in; Oasis' Songbird, Starsailor's Alcoholic and Dido's Here With Me. However, there are some magnificent tracks lurking amongst songs you probably already own. Michael Andrews and Gary Jules's Mad World from the Donnie Darko soundtrack is the undoubted highlight. I Am Kloot's Untitled # 1 should also merit an honourable mention. There are some more obscure tracks on here - Tom McRae's You Cut Her Hair from his excellent debut album and Ryan Adam's In My Time of Need from 2000's Heartbreaker album are introductions to non-mainstream acts that may inspire interest.

There's old stuff on here as well. The Velvet Underground's fantastic Sunday Morning and Dylan's She Belongs To Me are two great artists at their best.
I do take issue with the definition of acoustic - the Electric Soft Parade's Empty at the End, whilst being a great track, is clearly an amped up performance. However, on a compilation that includes the magnificent Jeff Buckley, Mercury Rev, Beth Gibbons, Elbow and Beth Orton, it would be wrong of me to complain.
There's something for almost everyone on here, and if you don't already own 50% of the tracks on it, it's worth the investment.

Disc: 1
1. Oasis - Songbird
2. Moloko - Familiar Feeling
3. Michael Andrews feat Gary Jules - Mad World
4. Zero 7 - Destiny (acoustic)
5. Feeder - Just the way IΓÇÖm Feeling (acoustic)
6. Starsailor - Alcoholic
7. The LaΓÇÖs - There She Goes
8. Beth Orton - Best Bit
9. I Am Kloot - Untitled #1
10. Dido - Here with Me
11. Electric Soft Parade - Empty at the End
12. Damien Rice - Volcano
13. Brendan Benson - Life in the D
14. Grand Drive - Firefly
15. Tom McRae - You Cut Her Hair
16. Bebel Gilberto - August Day Song
17. Morcheeba feat Karl Wagner - What New York Couples Fight About
18. Elbow - New Born
19. Beth Gibbons & Rustin Man - Mysteries
20. Babybird - ThereΓÇÖs Something Going On


Disc: 2
1. The Velvet Underground - Sunday Morning
2. Doves - M62 Song
3. Nickelback - How you Remind Me (acoustic)
4. Stereophonics - Heart of Gold (Live)
5. Leonard Cohen - So Long Marianne
6. Bob Dylan - She Belongs to Me
7. Jeff Buckley - Lilac Wine
8. Mercury Rev - Goddess on a Hiway
9. Ryan Adams - In My Time of Need
10. Lambchop - Up with the People (Zero 7 mix)
11. Eva Csssidy - Time After Time
12. Rachel Mari Kimber - Bubble Trouble
13. My Morning Jacket - Bermuda Highway
14. Flying Burrito Brothers - Hot Burrito #1
15. Ron Sexsmith - Thumbelina Farewell
16. Grant Lee Phillips - Sleepless Lake
17. Abraham - What Gives With You
18. Magnet - Where Happiness Lives
19. Subcircus - So Strange
20. The Bees - A Minha Mennia