Chicago undergraduate mathematics bibliography

Somehow I became the canonical undergraduate source for bibliographical references, so I thought I would leave a list behind before I graduated. I list the books I have found useful in my wanderings through mathematics (in a few cases, those I found especially unuseful), and give short descriptions and comparisons within each category. I hope that this list may serve as a useful ΓÇ£road mapΓÇ¥ to other undergraduates picking their way through Eckhart Library. In the end, of course, you must explore on your own; but the list may save you a few days wasted reading books at the wrong level or with the wrong emphasis. 

The list is biased in two senses. One, it is light on foundations and applied areas, and heavy (especially in the advanced section) on geometry and topology; this is a consequence of my interests. I welcome additions from people interested in other fields. Two, and more seriously, I am an honors-track student and the list reflects that. I don't list any ΓÇ£regularΓÇ¥ analysis or algebra texts, for instance, because I really dislike the ones I've seen. If you are a 203 student looking for an alternative to the awful pink book (Marsden/Hoffman), you will find a few here; they are all much clearer, better books, but none are nearly as gentle. I know that banging one's head against a more difficult text is not a realistic option for most students in this position. On the other hand, reading mathematics can't be taught, and it has to be learned sometime. Maybe it's better to get used to frustration as a way of life sooner, rather than later. I don't know. 

Reviews not marked with initials, or marked with [CJ], were written by me, Chris Jeris ('98). Other contributors are marked: [PC], Pete Clark ('98); [PS], Pete Storm ('98); [BB], Ben Blander ('98); [RV], Rebecca Virnig ('00); [BR], Ben Recht ('00); [MG], Marci Gambrell ('99); [YU], Yuka Umemoto ('97). Thanks to all of them for their input. 

Jump to the elementary, intermediate, or advanced sections. 

Warning: Statements about books I haven't looked at in a couple of years may be factually incorrect; please forgive my spotty memory. I don't think I have any really egregious falsehoods in here. I apologize for the appearance of this page; most web browsers have not yet been updated to handle the HTML4 entity set, so fools like me who read the definition write ugly-looking pages.