Coast to Coast AM 2012.02.21 Mind Power & Change

Host: 	George Noory
Guests: Dr. Joe Dispenza, Matthew Stein

Combining the fields of quantum physics, neuroscience, biology, and genetics, Dr. Joe Dispenza discussed how to create change and a new reality for oneself. By the time a person has reached the age of 35, "we've memorized a set of behaviors, emotional reactions, and thought patterns" that have become 95% of our identity..."then, the greatest habit we have to break is the habit of being ourselves," he commented. By repeating the same routines day after day, "we begin to hard wire our brain into very specific patterns that reflect our external world," so to effect change we have to think beyond the environment and conditions in our life, he continued.

Dispenza spoke about "demystifying the mystical," and using meditation to become aware of how thoughts and emotions are functioning-- how a person can see past their mental programming, and identify as the consciousness observing the program. "Meditation, then, is the unlearning process-- it's to become aware of the old self, the aspects of our selves we want to change by going into the operating system of those subconscious programs and bringing them into our conscious awareness so that we have dominion over them," he explained.

Through meditation, we can slow brain wave patterns down, and move into greater coherence, so that one isn't knocked out of balance by external and emotional factors, Dispenza detailed. He also talked about the notion of neuroplasticity-- the brain's ability to reorganize itself by forming new neural connections, such as through the process of learning, as well as people who who've experienced spontaneous remissions from illnesses-- they've actually changed their mind, which then changed their health.

Solar Storms & the Grid

First hour guest, engineer and author Mat Stein talked about the possibility of solar flares or storms knocking out the electric grid. Such storms took place in 1859 and 1921, and we are statistically due for another such event, especially with the solar maximum coming up, he noted. In the event of severe solar activity, the electric grid could be knocked out for months or years, because transformers are so difficult to replace, he said. Stein suggested the implementation of a new vacuum tube technology that would protect transformers from melting down-- though the cost of this would be around $1 billion.

News segment guests: Jerome Corsi, Dr. Leonard Coldwell

Website(s):
 
http://drjoedispenza.com 
http://matstein.com 
http://whentechfails.com

Book(s):

Breaking The Habit of Being Yourself 
http://amzn.to/y4H24e
    
Evolve Your Brain 
http://amzn.to/wg0VbP

When Technology Fails 
http://amzn.to/wO1oVn

When Disaster Strikes 
http://amzn.to/ykpLKL
