About the Game
The Settle-Carlisle Expansion Pack is a superb modern recreation of this famous and beautiful British route, complete with 5 locomotives and rolling stock.

Famous for its Ribblehead Viaduct and stunning scenery, the Settle-Carlisle line has long been a favourite amongst rail fans ΓÇô especially since it famously escaped closure in the late 1980s. It is also well-known as a triumph of engineering against the odds, as a huge workforce was assembled to work in extremely tough conditions. The line is home to some dramatic constructions, such as the Ribblehead Viaduct and Blea Moor Tunnel, and rises to the highest point on the British main line at 1,169 feet (356m) above sea level. The line endured and won a five-year battle against closure in the late 1980s, and has since remained a favourite with enthusiasts who come from far and wide to ride on the line every year.

Now you can drive trains along this inspiring stretch of line, battling the gradients through the three peaks and admiring the views as you drive over (and sometimes beneath) this wonderful landscape. With modern and preserved locomotives to drive, there is something for everyone on the Settle-Carlisle.

Key Features
Highly detailed route from Settle, North Yorkshire to Carlisle, Cumbria including the Ribblehead Viaduct, Carlisle Station and all stations and landmarks along the line.

Class 66 locomotive in EWS livery
Class 37 locomotive in EWS livery
Class 158 DMU
LeanderΓÇÖ Jubilee Class 4-6-0 steam locomotive
Preserved LMS 4F 0-6-0 steam locomotive
Rolling stock including HAA and HTA hoppers, PCA tankers and Crimson Mk1 coaches
Scenarios:

Learning the Ropes Pt1 (Class 66 EWS)
Learning the Ropes Pt2 (Class 66 EWS)
Learning the Ropes Pt3 (Class 66 EWS)
The Final Run Pt1 (Class 158 DMU)
The Final Run Pt2 (Class 158 DMU)
A Fair Return (Class 158 DMU)
Waking Up the Neighbours (Class 37 EWS)
Left Behind (Class 66 EWS)
Midwinter Rescue (Class 37 EWS)
Settle Down (Class 158 DMU)
An Uphill Struggle (Class 37 EWS)
Taking Stock (LMS Jubilee Leander)
The Ribble Run Around (preserved LMS 4F)
Plus 3 free roams

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2012
Set the selected files. Rwp via Package Manager.

Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"

Visit Us At:  
http://www.railgamer.co.uk

Visit our main torrents at:  
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/