SWA Complete Sonar X2


In this 9h of video there's something for everyone, from the novice - making their first foray into recording software, through to the intermediate and experienced users looking to take their program knowledge and use a stage further. 
There's clear basic explanations of subjects ranging from the basics such as MIDI and audio routing through to in depth looks at Sonar's suite of powerful audio tools.

This isn't a "how to" recording and mixing tutorial, it's a detailed look at X2 and how you can use it to work with audio and MIDI.

Starting with a basic look at program layout, set up and control explanation then working through the various stages of recording, editing, and mixing looking at the tools available and how to use them in clear plain terms.

As well as the more basic parts of the program there's in depth looks at how to set up and use Audiosnap, Automation, FX Chains, Drum Maps, Instrument files, and much, much more.  In fact "Complete Sonar X2"


Chapter One: Setup 1.Audio Interface Setup 
2.Audio Interface Options 
3.MIDI Device Setup 
4.MIDI Clock & Sync 
5.Control Surface Setup 
6.File Options 
7.Plugin Manager 
8.Instrument Definitions 

Chapter Two: GUI Overview 1.GUI & Track Overview 
2.The Browser 
3.Multidock & Control Bar 
4.Inspector & Console View 
5.Piano Roll View & Screensets 

Chapter Three: Basics 1.Project, Track & Bus Templates 
2.Exploring the Track 
3.Exploring the Track (Pt. 2) 
4.Exploring the Track (Pt. 3) 
5.Exploring the Track (Pt. 4) 
6.MIDI Synths 
7.MIDI Synths (Pt. 2) 
8.Session Drummer & Drum Maps 
9.Audio Routing 
10.Working with Video 

Chapter Four: Recording 1.Audio & MIDI Basics 
2.MIDI Advanced 
3.The Matrix 
4.Step Sequencer 

Chapter Five: Editing 1.Editing Basics 
2.Editing Basics (Pt. 2) 
3.Editing Basics (Pt. 3) 
4.Editing MIDI 
5.Editing MIDI (Pt. 2) 
6.Staff View 
7.Comping & V-Vocal 
8.Groove Loops 
9.Working with Tempo 
10.Working with Audiosnap 
11.Working with Audiosnap (Pt. 2) 
12.Working with Audiosnap (Pt. 3) 
13.Working with Audiosnap (Pt. 4) 

Chapter Six: Mixing 1.Console View 
2.Clean Up & Bouncing 
3.Control Groups & Gain Control 
4.Pro Channel & Side Chains 
5.Working with FX & FX Bins 
6.Working with FX Chains 
7.Working with Automation 
8.Working with Automation (Pt. 2) 
9.Working with Automation (Pt. 3) 
10.Exporting 


Enjoy it!!!