THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Kinect Star Wars PAL XBOX360-COMPLEX

Feel the Force. You are the Controller. Kinect Star Wars brings Star Wars 
to life like never before. Harnessing the controller-free power of Kinect 
for Xbox 360, Kinect Star Wars allows fans to physically hone their Jedi 
skills, wield the power of the Force in their hands, pilot iconic ships and 
vehicles, rampage as a vicious Rancor monster or even dance with iconic Star 
Wars haracters. Using full body motions, players can live out the ultimate 
Star Wars fantasy to use the Force, battle with a Lightsaber and more. 

Get ready to enter the Star Wars universe in an entirely new way. 
Featuring iconic settings, characters and action, Kinect Star Wars puts 
you in the Star Wars you know and love, and lets you unleash your inner 
Jedi with no controller in the way.

Features:

Enter the Galaxy: True to the Star Wars you know and love, stunning visuals 
transport you into the Star Wars universe, complete with iconic characters, 
vehicles, ships, droids and much more.

Use the Force : Drawing on iconic moments from the motion pictures, Kinect 
Star Wars allows you to enter the Star Wars universe and experience a wide 
variety of physical play. Lightsaber combat, Force moves, piloting Speeder 
Bikes and iconic ships, Pod racing and much more.

Customize Your Training: Experience the breadth of the Star Wars universe as 
you wield a Lightsaber and train to be a Jedi Master, become a champion Pod 
racer, master the Force, pilot iconic ships and Speeder Bikes, and much more.

Join Forces: Share the Force with friends through co-op, competitive and duel 
modes. Easy in-out lets a second player instantly join the action. Star Wars 
experiences inspired by and drawn from all six movies.

Authentic Star Wars Detail: Iconic ships, creatures, enemies, environments, 
and characters. A look that is true to the Star Wars you know and love.

Platform: XBOX360
Format: XGD3 
Region: PAL
Size: 1DVD
Language: English
Genre: Action

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-2A29_4F760A88.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-47AE_4F760A88.jpg