The Lewis Chessmen Unmasked
by David H. Caldwell, Mark A. Hall, Caroline M. Wilkinson
National Museums Of Scotland | January 2011 | ISBN-10: 1905267460 | 80 pages | PDF | 11.4 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Lewis-Chessmen-David-Caldwell/dp/1905267460
scanned by starhome, PDF by me.

Some of the most famous chess pieces in the history of chess are the ones found on the island of Lewis, northeast of Scotland. Most of them were purchased by the British Museum in 1831, the rest of them became the property of what is now the National Museums Scotland. Exhibited continuously since then, the pieces are of Scandinavian manufacture from the 12th century A.D. Most of them are made from walrus ivory, though a couple of pieces are whale tooth.

This book was written to accompany a travelling exhibition in 2010-2011 of all the chess pieces. It's the only book I've ever seen which shows ALL the Kings, Queens, Bishops, Knights, and Warders (Rooks) in the collection. The most famous chess set in the world... here is a new and vibrant perspective on the chess pieces that were also brought to life in the first Harry Potter movie. There is mystery and intrigue surrounding these whimsical but "true to life" and emotive sculptures of kings, queens, bishops, wardens and the panoply of players. Purportedly made in Scandinavia in the 12th century -- of walrus tusks and whale teeth - they have become iconic examples of our lasting love of chess. Their origins, however, is one of theory and controversy. This book has new research from the National Museums of Scotland on their craftsmanship, origins and historical context.

About the Author
Dr David H. Caldwell is Keeper of Scotland and Europe for National Museums Scotland, responsible for the eleven chessmen in Edinburgh. Mark A. Hall is History Officer at Perth Museum & Art Gallery, where he curates the archaeology collection. Dr Caroline M. Wilkinson is Senior Lecturer in Forensic anthropology at the Centre for anatomy & Human Identification, University of Dundee.