Three episodes.
2003, color and black/white, 1.33:1 original NTSC ratio.

I placed this in the movie category, as a single "movie" is how A Decade Under the Influence is described and marketed. However, what it really is is a three-episode TV mini-series, originally aired on IFC in America. Each episode has a specific theme (rather than the three episodes chronologically examining 1970s cinema).

1970s cinema was a major time of change in Hollywood; a rise in gritty, low-budget productions with realistic character portrayals (as well as an explosion in B-movies from independent producers like Roger Corman), giving way to the "summer spectacle" blockbusters like Star Wars and Jaws.

Episodes:
01- "Influences and Independents"
02- "The New Hollywood"
03- "Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow"

This series interviews producers, directors, and actors involved in the scene. Each episode file is numbered by broadcast order, and include the original episode titles. In addition, fuller or unused interviews with various industry folks are included as extras. Files are in .mkv format, using the H.264 codec.

From TCM.com:

"The 1970s was an extraordinary time of rebellion, of questioning every accepted idea: political activism, hedonism, protests, the sexual revolution, the women's movement, the civil rights movement, the music revolution, rage and liberation. Every standard by which we set our social and cultural clocks was either turned inside out or thrown away completely and reinvented. For American cinema, the 1970s was an era during which a new generation of filmmakers created work for a new kind of audience--moviegoers who were hungry for stories that reflected their own experiences and who were turning their backs on aged old studio formulas. As a result, emerging filmmakers influenced by foreign directors such as Godard, Kurasowa and Fellini coupled with the social climate and a struggling studio system, converged to create a new kind of moviemaking. Through their choice of material, filmmakers such as Francis Ford Coppola, Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, Peter Bogdonovich, William Friedkin, Roger Corman and Paul Schrader revolutionized mainstream movies and for the first time personal visions were coming out of the studio system."