mrs_biggs.1x05.hdtv_x264-fov



Mrs Biggs is a 2012 television series written by Jeff Pope based on the true story
of the woman behind Britains most famous villain, Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs
and journey from naive young woman at the hands of an overbearing father to the joy
of freedom and motherhood as a gangsters moll.

The Packer money enables Charmian to buy a new house for herself and the boys but she
misses Ron desperately. He is lonely scraping a living as a roofer in a dingy Rio suburb.
Tragedy strikes when their eldest son, Nicky, is killed in a car crash and Charmian has
to smuggle out a letter to Biggs. Charmian to keep herself as busy as she can by taking
on a degree as a mature student. Biggs slides into a pit of drink, drugs and women when
he meets a beautiful young Brazilian dancer by the name of Raimunda. To make some money
Biggs meets up with a Daily Express journalist in Rio to sell him his life story. The
journalist betrays him by tipping off the police and he is thrown into prison in Brasilia
facing extradition. Discovering that Raimunda is pregnant, and that if the baby is his,
the Brazilian authorities might not deport him. Charmian flies out to Rio for an emotional
reunion, only to be told by Ron that he wants her to divorce him so that he can marry
Raimunda. When Biggs extradition is refused, Charmian plans for life in Rio as a family
again and takes her sons to meet their father for the first time in nearly five years.

Biggs asks Charmian to live with him and Raimunda in Rio. She refuses and walks out on
him. Charmian visits England to see her family for the first time in over a decade. Her
father is delighted when she tells him she and Ron are to divorce but that her life is
now in Australia where she wont just be Mrs Biggs, the wife of the Great Train Robber.


S01E01 of 5 
Original Air-Date: Wednesday 3rd October 2012
Running time: 65-70 minutes(E01)
Running time: 45-50 minutes (EP02-EP05)
Production company: ITV Studios
Production company: December media

Cast

Sheridan Smith as Charmian Biggs
Daniel Mays as Ronnie Biggs
Tom Brooke as Mike Haynes
Leo Gregory as Eric Flower
Adrian Scarborough as Bernard Powell
Caroline Goodall as Muriel Powell
Florence Bell as Gillian Powell
Phill Cornwell as Jack Slipper
Robin Hooper as Mr Kerslake
Luke Newberry as Gordon
Jay Simpson as Bruce Reynolds
Iain McKee as Charlie Wilson
Matthew Cullum as Buster Edwards
Jon Foster as Goody
Ron Cook as Peter


Format : MPEG-4
File size : 427 MiB
Duration : 1h 4mn
Overall bit rate : 929 Kbps

Video
Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
Bit rate : 794 Kbps
Width : 720 pixels
Height : 404 pixels
Display aspect ratio : 16:9
Writing library : x264 core 128 r2216 198a7ea

Audio
Format/Info : Advanced Audio Codec
Bit rate : 123 Kbps
Channel(s) : 2 channels
Channel positions : Front: L R
Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
Compression mode : Lossy