Hillsong - A Beautiful Exchange (2010)

Nederlands
De Hillsong kerk werd in 1983 in Australië opgericht.
Tegenwoordig verzamelen iedere week zich ruim 20.000 mensen in de Hillsong-gemeente in Sydney,
om met elkaar deel te nemen aan relevante en leeftijdsgebonden programma’s. Men kan zich o.a.
vermaken in het skatepark, cafés bezoeken en/of het bijwonen van multimediapresentatie met dans en drama.
Daarnaast wordt het Woord van God verkondigd en krijgt men de mogelijkheid om Gods aanwezigheid te ervaren
door aanbidding met bekende songwriters als Marty Sampson, Joel Houston, Darlene Zschech en Reuben Morgan.
Veel van de Hillsong liedjes worden wekelijks wereldwijd in de kerken en gemeenten gezongen.
De jaarlijkse Hillsong conferenties zijn enorm populair en inmiddels uitgegroeid naar 29.000 bezoekers. 

English
On Sunday night 8th of November, thousands of worshippers gathered together in the Sydney Entertainment Centre
in a collective Expression of worship, recording the latest live worship album from Hillsong Church.
The fact that an album was being recorded seemed incidental, inconsequential even, as thousands of voices ascended heavenward,
filling the stadium with a heartfelt expression of worship.
The presence of God was tangible, the focus singular – a beautiful exchange: Perfection took our place, when only love could make a way,
you gave your life in a beautiful exchange…
From the first song you are carried on a journey from awakening to awe for this overwhelmingly infinite and yet intensely intimate God.
It is intoxicating – captivating what the power of a unified church in worship can accomplish.
That night, thousands of people knelt at the feet of their magnificent Saviour in adoration; a beautiful exchange on so many levels.
Both the CD and DVD are a complete worship experience. The album features 12 fresh, new songs including the title track ‘Beautiful Exchange’,
and this year the DVD and Blu-ray comes complete with a special backstage look into the work that goes on behind-the-scenes.

Spotinformatie

Album           : A Beautiful Exchange
Format          : DVDRIB
Language        : English
Cover & label   : Yes
Genre 	        : Praise&Worship
Number of discs : 1
Studio          : Hillsong Music
Run Time        : 75 minuten

Tracklist

01   Our God Is Love (Joel Houston + Scott Ligertwood)
02   Open My Eyes (Reuben Morgan + Braden Lang)
03   Forever Reign (Jason Ingram + Reuben Morgan)
04   The One Who Saves (Ben Fielding)
05   Greatness Of Our God (Jason Ingram + Stu Garrard + Reuben Morgan)
06   Like Incense (Brooke Ligertwood + Rich Mullins)
07   The Father's Heart (Gio Galanti)
08   You (Joel Houston)
09   Love Like Fire (Matt Crocker)
10   Believe (Darlene Zschech + Reuben Morgan)
11   Beautiful Exchange (Joel Houston)
12   Thank You (Reuben Morgan + Ben Fielding)