Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner is an award winning general purpose tool for Mac OS X. MLCC makes system maintenance simple with an easy point and click interface to many OS X functions. Novice and expert users alike will appreciate the powerful toolset MLCC provides. Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner is one of the world's leading maintenance tools with millions of downloads around the globe.

Maintenance

Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner is a one stop solution for all of your OS X maintenance needs. Intel or PPC, Tiger or Mountain Lion, MLCC has the tools to keep your system running at its best. MLCC Documents and the MLCC Engine maintain system health by providing full automation of common maintenance chores including virus scanning of internet downloads. The MLCC Engine can even repair permissions automatically after software installations. With the MLCC Engine, powerful system maintenance and antivirus can be completely transparent or as close as your menu bar.

Optimization

Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner can improve system performance by tuning internet and file cache settings, implementing ram disks, and cleaning out various cached and stale data. MLCC includes tools to help optimize files and memory. MLCC can recover wasted disk space by eliminating language localization files and slimming Universal Binaries.

Customization

Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner lets you control your OS X experience. Turn off Spotlight or Dashboard, or turn on a Login Items Folder. MLCC can tweak many OS X features to suit your tastes. All without permanently altering or harming your system.

Disaster Planning

Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner lets you create a bootable Installer dvd from your Mountain Lion download that will boot and install Mountain Lion on any supported machine. Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner lets you create bootable Emergency Disks that include system repair utilities and MLCC's powerful cache cleaning functions. If disaster strikes, the power of Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner is available at the command prompt in Single User Mode. Registered users of MLCC can install a portable version on a flash drive or iPod. Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner Portable runs on any supported Mac and is a great tool for testing hard drives, screen pixels, batteries, ram, and more before buying a machine.

Antivirus

Mountain Lion Cache Cleaner helps protect your system from malware. MLCC adds three additional layers of malware protection to Mountain Lion, and ships with the powerful ClamAV antivirus built in. MLCC can scan your downloads on the fly providing industrial strength virus protection from Mac and Windows threats.

Requirements: Universal Binary requires OS X 10.4 - 10.8

Credits to Special [K]