Information about the game:
Year: 2012
Genre: Action (Slasher) / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Vigil Games
Publisher: THQ

Language: English
Language: English

Crack: SKIDROW

Recommended system requirements:
√ Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7
√ Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2 GHz
√ RAM: 2 GB
√ Hard disk: 20 GB
√ Audio device: compatible with DirectX 9.0
√ Video: 512 MB VRAM

Description:
Awakened doomsday, death, the worst of the legendary Four Horsemen, hits the road in order to restore humanity and clear the name of his brother. Along the way, the rider learns that there are things worse than the world's Apocalypse, and that the ancient feud is likely to endanger the whole of Creation ...

The events of the second part develops parallel to the events of the first. The war is still locked up in prison, and now we have to learn the history of the second horseman of the Apocalypse - Death. He tries to understand the conspiracy between hell and paradise for the right to possession of the earth and to find and punish those who framed war.

Features:
Become the worst of the four horsemen of the Apocalypse - Death, which has incredible power to destroy entire worlds beyond heaven and hell.
Go in search of justice, which will restore the good name of his brother and save mankind from impending doom.
Destroy dangerous enemies in its path, along which the ancient open conspiracy that threatens the very Creator (Creation).
Immerse yourself in a captivating storyline with stunning visuals that draw you into the three-dimensional universe, created a unique style Meda, Joe (Joe Mad).
Create your own death with the appearance of armor sets Killers (Slayer), Necromancer (Necromancer) and the Wanderer (Wanderer), with a variety of weapons and the skill trees Harbinger (Harbinger), and Necromancer.
Explore the huge open world, full of dozens of side quests and enjoy the endless multiplayer mode.
Discover the stunning acrobatic sketches, including running and jumping on the walls, which carries death with ease, thanks to the flexibility and agility uncommon.