THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

LEGO Batman 2 DC Super Heroes XBOX360-iMARS

Heroes from the DC Universe join up with the Caped Crusader to root out evil in 
LEGO Batman 2: Super Heroes. The Dynamic Duo of Batman and Robin join other 
famous super heroes from the DC Universe including Superman, Wonder Woman and 
Green Lantern to save Gotham City from destruction at the hands of the notorious 
villains Lex Luthor and the Joker. Batman fans of all ages will enjoy a new and 
original story filled with classic LEGO videogame action and humor as players 
fight to put the villains back behind bars.

Features:

Experience an original LEGO adventure that has Batman and Robin teaming up with 
Superman to defend Gotham City from The Joker and Lex Luthor.

Discover a new storyline that introduces a massive Gotham City hub full of fun 
exploration, collection and vehicles.

Traverse Gotham CityΓÇÖs open realm by walking, flying or unlocking and controlling 
a variety of cool vehicles including the Batmobile, Batwing and Batboat.

Experience for the first time in a LEGO videogame, talking LEGO minifigures.

Master new suits and gadgets, such as BatmanΓÇÖs Power Suit and RobinΓÇÖs Hazard Suit 
equipped with a Pressure Cannon that can absorb and dispense hazardous liquids.

Collect 50 DC Comics characters, including The Flash, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern 
and many others.

Flex your new super abilities and soar through the air with free-roaming flight, 
freeze and push objects with Super-Breath, and heat up and cut holes through 
objects with Heat Vision.

Create unique super heroes with customizable characters.

Play with friends and family using easy drop-in/drop-out co-op play that features 
dynamic split screen.

Platform: XBOX360
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD3
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Action
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-8E03_4FDB2E34.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-8882_4FDB2E34.jpg