        -------x---------x--------x--------x---------x--------

This is the complete series of Amish in the City from 2004.  It was a short lived show from UPN.

These are the original scene release files.  Scene quality in 2004 is nothing like scene quality in 2012.   So if downloading these files, LOWER YOUR QUALITY EXPECTATIONS!!!  Consider yourself warned.

Episode 1 is divided into two parts.. that's how it was done in 2004, so files could be burned onto a CD-R.  The full pilot episode as 1 file would've been too large for a 700mb CD-R.

These files seem to have disappeared from the internet completely, so I'm doing my part to bring them back.  I expect this torrent to die off fast since TPB users are the WORST seeders/sharers on the internet. Prove me wrong people!

        -------x---------x--------x--------x---------x--------





From wikipedia:

Amish in the City is an American reality television series by Stick Figure Productions (the same production company behind the documentary Devil's Playground) and UPN. The plot revolved around five Amish teenagers experiencing "modern" (non-Amish) culture by living in a house with six mainstream American teenagers.

The show follows the Amish teenagers as they explore their freedom from the Amish religious code, which is a common element of the Rumspringa ("running around") period before they decide whether to join the Amish church. Typically, nearly 90% of teenagers end their Rumspringa with the choice to be baptized as Amish; however, at the conclusion of the show, it was unclear which of the show's participants chose not to return to the Amish church and which went back to the Amish way of life. Many accused the show of giving the participants an unrealistic view of "modern" culture and of showing the behavior of the unadjusted Amish like a "spectator sport" for mainstream American viewers. The producers stated that they plan to follow the original series with updates on the current status of the cast, especially since their decisions at the end of the series may change.

The concept was initially denounced by some for appearing to capitalize upon popular stereotypes about the Amish; later critical reviews were more positive.





