NEW! Peak performance
for your PC
Automatically restores and maintains your PC
Speeds up, cleans up and powers up your PC
Longer life for your battery. More disk space

Restores your PC to top speed
A powerful speed boost for your PC

Remember how fast your PC used to run when you got it? Not only can we help get it back there, but you can also enjoy Turbo Mode to release that extra bit of power when you need it for browsing, gaming and videos.
You Get: Turbo Mode, Program Deactivator, Startup Optimizer, Startup Manager, Drive Defrag
Keeps your PC at peak performance
Automatic optimization and maintenance for your PC

Getting fast is all well and good, but not if it only does it once. We continually work in the background to help your PC always run at top speed.
You Get: Live Optimization, Automatic Start-Stop Mode
Stops freezing and crashing
Problem resolution for your PC

It’s a bit like having a doctor and cleaner permanently on hand. We’ll help find and fix the gaps and errors that cause your PC problems and clean up as we go.
You Get: Disk Doctor, Registry Defrag, Registry Cleaner, Shortcut Cleaner
Extends your battery life
Reduced power consumption when you need it most

We’ve all been there. You’re just getting to the end of that all-important document and your battery dies. Now you can stop your battery wasting power on things you don’t need so it can last longer.
You Get: Economy Mode
Frees up valuable disk space
Essential tools to de-clutter and clean your PC

We’ve all got too much clutter on our PC. Half the time we don’t know what it is, if it’s important and or how to delete it. We’ll analyze your PC for all that junk and show you how to get rid of it in a few simple clicks. Result? One faster PC and more space for you.
You Get: Disk Space Explorer, Gain Disk Space
Leaves no trace of your most important files
Essential protection to keep private files safe

Hitting the delete button doesn’t always give you that complete peace of mind. Hitting the Shredder button will.
You get: Shredder
Gives you complete performance – automatically
Your continual performance fix

It’s always good when there’s one thing less to remember. We continually monitor your PC and let you know the status. And we even run routine maintenance when you’re away from your PC so it doesn’t get in the way.
You get: Automatic Maintenance, One Click Maintenance, Optimization status, Update Wizard
Fine tune your computer for even more performance
Advanced performance settings you can customize

If you’re a bit of an expert, then don’t worry. There’s a whole range of tools you can use to fine tune things - just how you want them.
You Get: Repair Wizard, Uninstall Manager, Undelete, Rescue Center , Registry Editor, Styler, Settings Center
Makes optimization easier

A lot of us wouldn’t know where to start to make our PCs work even better. We take that problem away by making straightforward recommendations and showing how to do them in a few simple clicks.
You get: Performance Report, Program Ratings, System Info

Operating System	
MS Windows XP	
MS Windows XP Pro x64 Edition	
MS Windows Vista	
MS Windows Vista x64 Edition	
MS Windows 7	
MS Windows 7 x64 Edition