=== About the books

Author: Ian Kershaw
Publisher: Penguin Books

--- Title: Hitler — Vol. 1: 1889–1936: Hubris

Year: 1998
Pages: 912

Hailed as the most compelling biography of the German dictator yet written, Ian Kershaw’s Hitler brings us closer than ever before to the heart of its subject’s immense darkness.

From his illegitimate birth in a small Austrian village to his fiery death in a bunker under the Reich chancellery in Berlin, Adolf Hitler left a murky trail, strewn with contradictory tales and overgrown with self-created myths. One truth prevails: the sheer scale of the evils that he unleashed on the world has made him a demonic figure without equal in this century. Ian Kershaw’s Hitler brings us closer than ever before to the character of the bizarre misfit in his thirty-year ascent from a Viennese shelter for the indigent to uncontested rule over the German nation that had tried and rejected democracy in the crippling aftermath of World War I. With extraordinary vividness, Kershaw recreates the settings that made Hitler’s rise possible: the virulent anti-Semitism of prewar Vienna, the crucible of a war with immense casualties, the toxic nationalism that gripped Bavaria in the 1920s, the undermining of the Weimar Republic by extremists of the Right and the Left, the hysteria that accompanied Hitler’s seizure of power in 1933 and then mounted in brutal attacks by his storm troopers on Jews and others condemned as enemies of the Aryan race. In an account drawing on many previously untapped sources, Hitler metamorphoses from an obscure fantasist, a “drummer” sounding an insistent beat of hatred in Munich beer halls, to the instigator of an infamous failed putsch and, ultimately, to the leadership of a ragtag alliance of right-wing parties fused into a movement that enthralled the German people.

This volume, the first of two, ends with the promulgation of the infamous Nuremberg laws that pushed German Jews to the outer fringes of society, and with the march of the German army into the Rhineland, Hitler’s initial move toward the abyss of war.

--- Title: Hitler — Vol. 2: 1936–1945: Nemesis

Year: 2001
Pages: 1214

Following the enormous success of “Hitler: Hubris” this book triumphantly completes one of the great modern biographies. No figure in twentieth century history more clearly demands a close biographical understanding than Adolf Hitler; and no period is more important than the Second World War. Beginning with Hitler’s startling European successes in the aftermath of the Rhineland occupation and ending nine years later with the suicide in the Berlin bunker, Kershaw allows us as never before to understand the motivation and the impact of this bizarre misfit. He addresses the crucial questions about the unique nature of Nazi radicalism, about the Holocaust and about the poisoned European world that allowed Hitler to operate so effectively.


=== Technical information

Format: DjVu
DPI: 300
Other: cleaned, bookmarked, paginated, with OCR

The bitonal pages are encoded with minidjvu.
The grayscale and color pages (covers, maps, illustrations) are encoded with didjvu, which allows a huge gain of size but sometimes at the cost of quality, so these pages are also included in JPEG format alongside the book.