Follow my uploads here:                
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android v2.1+
Overview: GO Power Master is a professional tool to help you save the power of the battery

The previous version may have a battery consumption problem. We have fixed it now. Please update to the latest version.

New features:
1. Decreased the power consumption
2. Eliminated the annoying pop-up window
3. Crashing when open the consumption detail interface


GO Power Master is a professional management tool represented by GO Dev team to help you monitor and save the power of your battery.

Characteristics:

1. Functional module management:
GO Power Master will decrease the power loss by managing the network, the radio, the brightness and other power consumed modules of your mobile phone

2. Running applications monitoring:
GO Power Master will help you to find out the most power consumed applications by precisely monitoring and analyzing the power consuming of every running application.

3. Smart power saving:
GO Power Master will smartly switch to the saving mode when the power is low or the time you set is reached.

4. Time statistics
GO Power Master will precisely calculate the time statistics for endurance, calls, video, audio, network and standby of your battery.

5. One-Touch Optimization helps you to lighten the load of your battery easily.

6. Modes help you to use the battery selectively and wisely.

7. The GO Power Master widgets provide you the way to handle the power quickly without opening the application.
.

Recent changes:
The previous version may have a battery consumption problem. We have fixed it now. Please upgrade to the latest version.

New features:
1. Decreased the power consumption
2. Eliminated the annoying pop-up window
3. Crashing when open the consumption detail interface
Less description ┬╗

Latest version: 2.31 (, supports App2SD)

Note: all premium features enabled.



                                By bobiras2009		