djay 4.0.5 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$19.99
Category: Music
Updated: Apr 04, 2012
Version: 4.0.5
Size: 16.6 MB
Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Spanish
Seller: algoriddim GmbH
© 2006-2012 algoriddim GmbH
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.5 or later

Description

★★★ BEST OF MAC APP STORE 2011: App of the Year Runner-Up ★★★

★ SPECIAL LIMITED TIME ONLY LAUNCH SALE ★

☆ All-new djay 4.0 is here - with Waveforms, Audio FX, Harmonic Match™ and so much more! ☆

djay transforms your Mac into a full-fledged DJ system, allowing you to mix your iTunes music library on a hyper-realistic turntable interface. Perform live, record mixes on-the-go, or enable Automix mode and let djay mix your favorite playlist automatically. With unprecedented ease-of-use and innovative features like Harmonic Match™, djay takes DJing to the next level and offers a unique experience for beginners and professionals alike.

“It’s the DJ app missing from iLife.” — Macworld ★★★★ 
“You won’t find a simpler, more obvious application to use.” — MacUser ★★★★★ 
“A feature-packed application that'll keep the party bumping.” — MacLife ★★★★★ 
“A whole new experience in DJ software.” — International DJ Magazine (iDJ) 

FEATURE HIGHLIGHTS: 

✔ Seamless iTunes integration 
✔ Easy-to-use drag and drop interface 
✔ Automix mode 
✔ Harmonic Match™ (Key detection and matching)
✔ BPM Sync: automatic beat and tempo matching
✔ Mix Recording 
✔ Sampler (with built-in sound pack)
✔ Pre-cueing with headphones 
✔ Live Microphone 
✔ Audio FX: Flanger, Phaser, Echo, Gate, Bit Crusher, Filter (High Pass, Low Pass) 
✔ Beat-matched Looping
✔ Multiple Cue Points 
✔ Key Lock / Pitch Shifting
✔ Auto-Gain (automatic volume normalization)
✔ Visual wavefroms
✔ High-quality scratching 
✔ Mixer, tempo, and EQ controls 
✔ Song history (with export to iTunes + PDF)
✔ iCloud integration 
✔ Multi-Touch trackpad control
✔ MIDI learn 
✔ Support for external audio interfaces and controllers (USB, Firewire, MIDI) 
✔ Support for all major audio formats including MP3, AAC, WAV, AIFF (restricted support for DRM protected songs)
✔ Fully optimized for OS X Lion

★ Update: Added compatibility with iTunes Match:
To play tracks from iTunes Match with djay, please first download them with iTunes by clicking the track's cloud icon, then choose Refresh in djay's Library menu.

What's New in Version 4.0.5

- Fixed BPM and key info not being saved in library 
- Fixed echo effect not being reset
- Improved effects