Year: 2012
Country: Europe
Genre: Gonzo, Anal
Duration: 2:43:00
English
Directed by: Tanya Hyde
Studio: Harmony
Starring: Cathy Heaven, Angell Summers, Rebecca More, Paige Turnah, Franki, Mishka Devlin, Rio Lee, Ian Tate, Danny D, Marc Rose, Omar, Jay Snakes

Description:

P With God Save The Kink, Tanya Hyde delivers another fantastic fetish flick full of jaw-dropping babes dressed in stunning latex outfits. Blonde beauty Cathy Heaven, dressed in a sexy red Basque and fish net stockings, slowly climbs the stairs on all fours armed with a butt plug as two pulsating cocks await her full attention. She wastes no time in sucking on both cocks before getting fucked from behind, then gets her arse pounded by Omar's impressive cock! Dirty whores Rebecca More and Paige Turnah attend to their bandaged wrapped patient. With his huge cock exposed, both girls get down to licking and sucking. Using an array of sex toys the girls get totally lost in the gyno chair before being joined by their patient. Arses get licked and wet slits get probed in an amazing threesome! Brunette babe Rio Lee sure knows how to get her rocks off as she masturbates while being chauffer driven. Rio then takes her driver's big load into her mouth before riding him reverse cowgirl while sucking on another studs cock. Rio then gets into the swing chair where she can be fucked hard and fast in all directions before cumming to a close as both studs jerk their load all over her satisfied face! Down in the dungeon Mishka Devlin is on all fours as matrix Franki gives her arse a good whipping, before spreading her wide and working her pussy with her fingers. Mishka then gives Franki pussie a tongue thrashing. Franki turns her attention to her chained up sex slave, sucking his balls deep. Mishka and Franki take turns on his man meat - the energy is intense with the girls putting on quite a performance! Busty Angell Summers is caged up getting throat fucked while being pounded from behind by two masked men. Angell is released from the cage and both masked men take turns fucking her up the arse. Angell takes both massive cocks with ease, then gets on all fours as the masked men shoot their loads all over her pert arse. A real treat for anal lovers, and a fine finale to a fine Tanya Hyde release!

Video quality: DVDRip
Video format: AVI
Video: 608x336 (1.81:1), 29.97 fps, XviD MPEG-4 ~ 1397 kbps
Audio: 48 kHz, MPEG Layer 3, 2 ch, ~ 128.00 kbps avg
 
http://imgload.me/img-50a12b756e0b7.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-50a12b7596daf.html 