ANTiDOTE - An aid to the ongoing PS3 scene

Risen 2 Dark Waters EUR PS3-ANTiDOTE

With an expanded setting, a fresh story and characters as well as an all-new technical foundation, Risen 2 expands on the success of this popular RPG franchise. Set several years after the end of Risen, the game drops players into a cataclysmic world where raging titans have devastated the planet and pushed humanity to the brink of existence. Subsequently, monstrous creatures have risen from the watery depths of the sea and their attacks have brought all seafaring to a grinding halt. 
The hero, now a member of the Inquisition, is sent out to find out how to stop the chaos caused by these creatures from the deep. His quest begins with rumors that the pirates who frequent the southern islands are the only ones who know a way to get rid of the creatures once and for all and end their reign of terror.

With an all-new pirate-based theme, Risen 2: Dark Waters aims to combine the most loved classic RPG gameplay mechanics of the original Risen with a fresh theme and setting on a huge variety of themed island locales. Risen 2: Dark Waters maintains the most immersive features of the original Risen, with multiple approaches to every challenge allowing players to shape the game world based on their own decisions. These choices will serve to unlock new paths, features and additional skills for the character.

Features:

New Visual Technology: High-res texturing, gorgeous weather, water and light/shadow effects, a fully revamped character animation system and an exhaustive NPC character model design which greatly reduces the chance of ΓÇ£cloneΓÇ¥ NPCs.

A True Role-Playing-Oriented Experience: A perfect blend of classical RPG gameplay and a fresh, unique underlying game world Several Unique Islands ΓÇô All designed by hand with no copy and paste set pieces, encourage exploration and adventure while the player hunts for secret treasures and hidden areas.

A Unique Pirate Fantasy Setting: Risen 2 features an open world complete with copious amounts of rum, firearms, dirty tricks and a brand new voodoo magic style Intense, Immersive Game World, fully envelops players with full day/night cycle, dynamic weather patterns, NPCs with daily routines who react based on your behavior, and creature AI with routine behaviors such as scavenging and sleeping.

Every Gameplay Decision Has a Consequence: players get to shape their game experience and even the game world itself depending on their actions and choices, their choices may change the characterΓÇÖs skill set, NPC relationships, or potential quest lines.

Platform: PS3
Origin: Europe
Language: English
Genre: RPG
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-6A04_501E4C52.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-C6CB_501E4C52.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-A669_501E4C52.jpg