What’s New in Sandvox 2

With more than five dozen new features and major improvements, Sandvox 2 represents a huge leap forward for anyone using a Mac to easily create powerful websites. All Sandvox 2 sites automatically comply with the latest web standards, including HTML5, to ensure compatibility with iOS devices, such as the iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch plus Mac and Windows computers.

New Architecture and Editing Engine — A completely new editing engine lets you mix and match content types right on a page. Simply drag or copy content onto the page, move it around and edit using familiar desktop publishing techniques. 

New Chooser, New Designs — Sandvox 2 comes with more designs than ever! Page through thumbnails, with our new design chooser, and quickly zero in on a great choice. If you change your mind, just a few clicks changes the design. Third-party designers also offer more designs, some for free.

New Inspector — A new inspector provides even more precise control, making it easy to selectively adjust page layout and apply modern features and characteristics. Options selected can apply to a single object or to the entire website. 

New Photo Gallery — Give your visitors a slick, modern Gallery view (some call it a ‘lightbox’) for photos, with one simple click in the Inspector window. 

Social Media — Instantly add connections to Facebook, Twitter and more. Comment support, popular for blog entries, is now possible via Disqus, IntenseDebate and Facebook Comments. Engage your audience, start a conversation, and take your site to a new level of interactivity.

Objects Replace Pagelets — Select an object with one click, then click again to edit inside. Move them, resize them, or customize them from the Inspector. Use them anywhere: sidebar, callout, even the main body.

iMedia Browser — Enjoy a powerful, familiar experience while you select and work with images, audio, movies and links. Browse your Pictures folder, iPhoto, Aperture, Lightroom, and Flickr. Grab movies from iPhoto and iTunes. Build a podcast. The iMedia Browser puts a wealth of resources at your fingertips.

Raw HTML Objects — Directly place any HTML, JavaScript, PHP, or any other inserted web code, such as embed codes provided by other sites. You can’t go wrong. A new Raw HTML editor automatically checks code validity and verifies standards compliance.

Power for the Power User— With Code Injection and custom CSS, built-in jQuery support and a brand new Cocoa plug-in API, the sky’s the limit for Sandvox customization.

WHAT'S NEW
Version 2.6.4:

Improvements to the iWeb site extractor
General improvements
Improvements for OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion

Credits to KATUZERO