PublicHD - High-Definition Bittorrent Community 
            
http://publichd.eu/

-----------------------------------------------------


Endless Space

Genre: Strategy 
Year: 2012 
Design: amplitude Studios 
Platform: PC 







Method of entry:
1. Install the game 
2. Copy the contents of the folder "Update 1.05-REVOLT" in the main deriktoriya the installed game. 
3. Play! 

Update Includes:
Update Changelog: 
CHANGES AND ADDITIONS 
- Memory optimization. 
- Collisions Added to graphic FX to stop from going Them 
Through ships. 
- Improved graphic FX for the 'Gravity Well' Battle Action. 
- Hero bonuses to attack and Defense Will now BE correctly 
acknowledged Through displayed MP on his Fleet. 
- Diplomatic balancing (Harder mainly for Serious 
& Endless Modes). fixes - Fixed an issue Where Negative effects on the AI's Diplomatic Attitude Were inversed, counter-balancing Other parts of That AI. - fixed an issue Where the Tolerance trait WAS displaying a wrong value in the System view. - Fixed an issue Where "Random Faction" WAS displayed instead of the Faction's actual name on an invasion Notification. - Fixed an issue Where the Galaxy Would Sometimes Not BE visible When Starting a New Game. - Fixed an issue Where the user WAS Unable to Zoom out at maximum height After playing a Few Game Sessions. - Fixed an issue Where the Horatio Affinity Unlocked the Arid Epigenetics Technology. - Fixed an issue Where the host remained Stuck on the end turn action if a client Joined in PROGRESS and left the session at the Same turn. - Fixed an issue Where the title remained Stuck on end turn Actions After a manual combat. - Fixed an issue Where Were Not the users synchronized After a System WAS invaded and conquered during a Multiplayer session. - Fixed an issue Where the round-UPS modules on the Tonnage Were Different Than the ones on the total Tonnage in the Ship Design view. - Fixed Several Issues text. - Fixed Several localized text issues. Photos
