M3NYFAC3Z PRODUCTIONZ or (Many Faces Productions) **For Fans of Tech N9ne / Eminem 

Is an American hip hop indie label from Reading, Pennsylvania. The label is led by rapper/producer M3NYFAC3Z and includes rapper/producer & brother Lord Freeze. M3NYFAC3Z has said they are currently looking for artists to join the label (as of 2/14/2009). M3NYFAC3Z is best known for his controversial,dark lyrical content that have many comparing him to known rappers Tech N9ne and Eminem.

"The Inception" gets professionally critiqued by veteran journalist Alex Henderson

At times, the production on this EP is downright lush.  That is especially true on “Hello Again” and “Reign,” both of which are melodic and polished in a way that brings to mind Dr. Dre’s lavish productions.  Dre, it should be noted, has had a major impact on the way hip-hop is produced.  Back in the mid- to late 1980s and early 1990s, many hip-hoppers (especially on the East Coast) favored raw, edgy, tough, rugged productions that consisted primarily of drum machines, samples and some scratching.  But Dr. Dre favored a much sleeker and more melodic approach, and after the post-N.W.A Dre came out with 1993’s enormously influential The Chronic, countless hip-hop producers went for sleekness and got away from the type of rawness that had characterized New York City-based producers like Marley Marl and DJ Mark the 45 King.  Dre’s impact was huge, and that Dre-minded polish is very much a part of the production on “Hello Again” and “Reign.”  The Dre influence also asserts itself on the eerie, hypnotic “War.”

But production-wise, Dre is not M3NYFAC3Z’ only influence.  On “Horrorscope” and “Ill Wicked,” M3NYFAC3Z’ use of synthesizers hints at European techno.  The production on “Horrorscope” and “Ill Wicked” is mainly hip-hop, but with a hint of techno.  However, neither “Horrorscope” nor “Ill Wicked” is as abrasive as European techno is known for being.  M3NYFAC3Z is going for funky on  “Horrorscope” and “Ill Wicked,” but he isn’t going for the type of brutal, crushing sensory assault that European techno is known for.  And hip-hop heads who don’t necessarily care for techno and other types of rave music will still be able to get into those tunes.  In other words, “Horrorscope” and “Ill Wicked” still sound like hip-hop (not like the soundtrack to a rave).

Unlike many of today’s rapper/producers, M3NYFAC3Z doesn’t bring in a female singer to perform choruses and sweeten things up.  Even on the most melodic parts of The Inception, he doesn’t go down that path.  The sleekness on “Hello Again” and “Reign” comes from the melodies, not from some studio singer who is trying to sound like Beyoncé Knowles or Jill Scott (or on some of the more rock-influenced hip-hop albums, perhaps Sarah McLachlan, Natalie Imbruglia or Jewel).   Vocally, The Inception is about rapping, not singing.