About the Game
The Acela Express hauls North Americas famous Amtrak high speed rail service between Washington D.C. and New york City. Now available fully-optimized for Train Simulator 2012, the Acela Express is highly detailed and includes all the familiar features of the real thing, including the tilting system which enables the train to take bends at high speed.

The Acela Express is the only train in North America which exceeds the Department of Transportation’s 125mph minimum speed for true high speed rail services. It was designed specifically to operate along the Northeast Corridor serving the bustling cities of Washington D.C, Boston, Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York City, and can reach up to 150mph though it is restricted to lower speeds for much of the route. Each Acela Express set comprises two power cars running on 11,000 volts via overhead power cables, plus First and Business Class coaches. The Acela power cars develop 6,000 horsepower and with one at each end of the train, high speeds can be reached and maintained over long distances, with the in-built tilt mechanism allowing bends to be taken at speed without passenger discomfort. The Acela shares some design features with the French TGV, though its passenger cars do not share central bogies like the TGV, and they are heavier due to Federal Rail Administration safety standards.

PLEASE NOTE: The Acela Express requires the Northeast Corridor Expansion Pack (available separately) to run.

Includes:
Acela Express train set in Amtrak livery with power car, first class car, business class car and café car. Acela features operating tilt function, authentic sound effects, opening front hatch, flashing ground lights and detailed cab interior including functioning digital instrument readouts and in-cab signaling.

Standard / Career Scenarios

Acela Express - Drive the Acela Express from Philadelphia 30th Street to New York City
Business Bullet - Another day, another dollar. Take the morning commuters into New York, via Newark, starting at Tenton.
Silver Star - Drive an early service from NYC Penn Station to Trenton, Calling at Newark and Metropark on the way.

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2012
Set the selected files. Rwp via Package Manager.

Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"

Visit Us At:  
http://www.railgamer.co.uk

Visit our main torrents at:  
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/