The Well Diggers Daughter (La fille du puisatier) - Daniel Auteuil 2011
La fille du puisatier - Daniel Auteuil 2011

NL ENG FR subs (.mka)

1280 x 352 **** /x.264/x.264/ 6.4/10 / 1 win / 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1473063/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/70381

Daniel Auteuil
Kad Merad
Sabine Azéma

Frankrijk
Romantiek

107 minuten

geregisseerd door Daniel Auteuil
met Daniel Auteuil, Kad Merad en Sabine Azéma

1939. Patricia, de oudste dochter van putdelver Pascal Amoretti, wordt verliefd op piloot Jacques Mazel. Wanneer de oorlog uitbreekt vertrekt Jacques naar het front zonder te weten dat Patricia een kind van hem verwacht. De ouders van de piloot weigeren echter het kind te erkennen. Haar eigen vader moet niets meer van haar weten en verstoot haar. Tot overmaat van ramp verneemt ze dat de piloot gesneuveld is. Zal de wapenstilstand haar situatie veranderen?

The Well Diggers Daughter (La fille du puisatier) - Daniel Auteuil 2011

In pre-World War II France, a father is torn between his sense of honor and his deep love for his saintly daughter when she gets in trouble with the wealthy son of a shopkeeper. 

-------------------------------------------------------------

Timeless moving story served by great actors and a good direction, - 25 April 2011

The Well-Digger's Daughter is a french movie, remake of another famous french film of the 40's.

If you don't know anything about french cinema, know that this remake features well known comedians such as Daniel Auteuil (it's also his first work as a director), Kad Merad, Nicolas Duvauchelle, Jean-Pierre Darroussin, Sabine Azema, and Marie-Anne Chazel.

The original film was directed, written and produced by Marcel Pagnol, famous not only for his films but also for plays and novels that have become classics.

The story? (spoiler-free, as always) It's the beginning of the WWII. South of France. Patricia, 18, is the oldest daughter of a well-digger, Pascal, who considers her a princess because of her moral qualities. She's kind, devoted. One day, she briefly meets a young man, Jacques, the son of Mazel, owner of the shop where her father buy his material. He's handsome and teasing. Her father's friend, Felipe, would love to marry her, and he invites her to an aviation show. She accepts his invitation only because she knows Jacques is a pilot and will be there. Soon, she'll carry his child, and he'll be gone, and the family will have to deal with this out-of-wedlock pregnancy...

The remake definitely honors the classic, and I can't find one single thing to criticize. The actors all deliver moving and natural compositions, from the loving and torn father (Auteuil) to the moody Mrs Mazel (Azema), from the benevolent Felipe (Merad) to the seductive Jacques (Duvauchelle). By the way, it certainly isn't hard to see why the heroine falls for him after just one encounter  The main character, Patricia, is played with tact and sweetness by Astrid Bergès-Frisbey, who somehow reminds me of Jane March. She was unknown before this role (even if it's not her first), but no doubt this is the year of her breakthrough, as she will soon be seen interpreting a mermaid in the next Pirates of the Caribbean.

The direction is precise, careful, and manages to capture each small emotion of the characters. It really serves well the beautiful and moving plot. You're completely immersed into the story and can have your eyes wet more than once, even though the movie isn't a melodrama nor a tragedy. This story is timeless, and universal. I would recommend it to absolutely everyone. It's a 5-star film! 

--------------------------------------------------------------

French

En coupant à travers champs pour aller porter le déjeuner à son père, Patricia rencontre Jacques. Elle a dix-huit ans, il en a vingt-six. Elle est jolie, avec des manières fines de demoiselle ; il est pilote de chasse et beau garçon. Un peu de clair de lune fera le reste à leur seconde rencontre. Il n'y aura pas de troisième rendez-vous : Jacques est envoyé au front. Patricia attendra un enfant de cette rencontre. Les riches parents du garçon crieront au chantage, Patricia et son père, le puisatier, auront seuls la joie d'accueillir l'enfant. Une joie que les Mazel leur envieront bientôt et chercheront à partager, car Jacques est porté disparu...