Rossen's guitar playing has unmistakable personality. You could probably count on one hand the number of indie rock guitarists you can say this about right now, but a lot of listeners will recognize these as Daniel Rossen songs before he even opens his mouth. The style that you can hear Rossen developing from the earliest Department of Eagles recordings up through Veckitmest is a distinct, improbably fluid blend of folk, jazz, rock, and even the occasional jolt of punk attitude (one of his finest moments with Grizzly Bear, "While You Wait for the Others", hinges upon his subtly sneering distortion). And here, he busts out some of his most impressive tricks. Positioned at what feels like the exact geodetic north of the song cycle, "Return to Form"'s summit recalls Veckatimest opener "Southern Point" as it explodes into a jazzy, Beatles-esque cascade of notes that glimmer with the naturalistic sorcery of the northern lights. As with Grizzly Bear, Rossen's lyrics rarely approach the poeticism of his guitar playing, but he's able to suggest more with his unique tones and phrasing than most singers can. When words fail, Rossen's jazz hands shred.
Though Veckati-mania was replete with plenty of overzealous YouTube commenters proclaiming Brooklyn's fab four to be better than the Beatles, it doesn't feel too hyperbolic to say that Rossen is gradually, quietly earning his George Harrison stripes. Though there's nary a "Hare Krishna" in sight, Silent Hour/Golden Mile still has the candid honesty of a person grappling with faith and trying to reconcile his place in the universe. The terrific closing track, "Golden Mile", is the closest he's yet mustered to an "All Things Must Pass", and though he doesn't quite stumble upon lasting enlightenment, momentary peace will do. Rossen brings to this EP the meticulous craftsmanship we've come to expect from his work, but in Silent Hour he's created something rare: a rendering of isolation that feels sincere but never maudlin. Returning from the solitary hike of "Golden Mile", he concludes with an observation that will still ring true in a busier world: "There is bliss in this mess."

cd ripped by EAC

[img]http://i809.photobucket.com/albums/zz12/elitter/fd0138fdb1-1.gif[/img]
 
http://dickthespic.org/about/