The open-world action in Need for Speed Most Wanted gives you the freedom to drive anywhere, discover hidden gameplay, meet up with your friends or just hang out and toy with law enforcement. Lose the cops … your way. Hit jumps and shortcuts, switch cars, lie low or head for terrain that plays to your vehicle’s unique strengths. Hit the gas and fight your way past cops and rivals using pure driving skill, aggression, high-end car tech and tons of nitrous. It’s all about you, your friends and the wildest selection of cars in a heavily policed, urban landscape.

Game features:

Nonstop multiplayer: No menus, no lobbies and no restrictions … just intense competition. Race, battle, crash and explore at your own pace with endless distractions in gameplay throughout the open world. There’s team games, massive variety, persistent scoring, deep ranking and endless rewards and upgrades.

It’s online driving, as you’ve never seen it: Pick a car, hook up with your friends and jump into a nonstop playlist of competitive events. Influence the playlist by voting with your car. Jostle for position on the starting line. Cross the finish line and turn around to take out oncoming rivals.

Beat your friends: Intense competition is at the heart of Most Wanted. Autolog records everything you do in the game, broadcasting a feed of your most newsworthy scores, speeds and times to your friends. That means as you drive the city-hitting jumps, racing, blasting through speed cameras-you’ll see your friends’ records. Whatever you do, there’s someone to beat.

Urban handling: Most Wanted sees the handling evolved to suit the open, city location and to deliver a deeper, more physical feel showcasing the personalities of our awesome licensed cars. Experience insane speeds, spectacular crashes, aggressive driving and huge drifts. 

Install   
NO NEED FOR CRACK                                                           
Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as      
secure/trusted in your antivirus program                             
Play the game from desktop shortcut                                                 
Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy! 

More info and support here: 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13578.0