Book Description

Globalization, rapid technology churn, and massive economic shifts have made it more difficult than ever to deliver high-value enterprise software.

In Enterprise Software Delivery, IBM Distinguished Engineer Alan W. Brown guides decision-makers in understanding these new challenges, choosing todayΓÇÖs best solutions, and successfully anticipating future trends.

Alan presents detailed, actionable techniques for building software supply chains that improve agility and innovation while responding to growing cost pressure. Using real-world case studies, he introduces the modern global software factory, demonstrating how to integrate and leverage global outsourced teams, collaborative application lifecycle management, and cloud-based virtual infrastructures.

Drawing on his extensive experience leading IBM Rational software strategy, and consulting with IBM enterprise customers, Alan illuminates everything from software R&D to metrics. Coverage includes

    Understanding recent dramatic changes in enterprise software delivery requirements and practices
    Overcoming false assumptions, outdated data and delivery models, and inexperience with strategy, innovation, education, or research
    Incorporating integrators and partners in centers of excellence that specialize in delivering business value
    Establishing team-based practices that encourage agility, scalability, and quality
    Building adaptive software factories that integrate real-time feedback and respond rapidly to change
    Using virtualized collaborative infrastructure to connect worldwide teams for developing software, assembling solutions, and delivering results
    Transcending barriers related to geography, organization, skills, and culture

If youΓÇÖre an enterprise software leader, strategist, or practitioner, this book can help you improve every facet of performance you care about, including agility, quality, predictability, innovation, and value.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1. Why Is Enterprise Software Delivery So Difficult?
Chapter 2. Anatomy of an Enterprise Software Delivery Project
Chapter 3. The Software Supply Chain and Software Factories
Chapter 4. Collaborative Software Delivery
Chapter 5. Agile Software Delivery
Chapter 6. Software Quality
Chapter 7. Governance, Measurement, and Metrics
Chapter 8. A Case Study in Agile- at- Scale Adoption at Danske Bank
Chapter 9. A Case Study in Global Software Product Delivery at IBM Rational
Chapter 10. Lessons for Success in Global Enterprise Software Delivery
Chapter 11. The Future of Global Enterprise Software Delivery
Appendix A. Enterprise Software Delivery Revisited