Sample player unlocked for YellowTools/BestService (E-Licensor protected) &
MAGIX Independence (Vita/Protein protected) libraries & also some old
YellowTools (WibuKey protected) libraries.
Engine is a fully customizable multi-page sample player specially designed for a
variety of sample libraries and virtual instruments. It was developed in
cooperation by Magix (former Yellow Tools) and Best Service and is based on the
Independence Sampler Technology.
All Engine-based products are fully compatible with the powerful software
sampler Independence 2 or newer - so you can also use the ENGINE products to
expand your Independence library - of course including all Independence
parameters and features.
You have access to hundreds of totally customized, music related features. The
user interface, file management, and ultra fast streaming integration, multi
core processor support and the Auto-RAM-Cleaner allow you to load and use an
unlimited number of instruments in seconds.
Whether you want to work in mono, stereo or surround environments up to 8.1,
Engine is designed to offer creative, flexible, and immediate solutions for the
demands of music producers, film-composers, sound designers, songwriters and
re-mixers.

WHAT'S NEW:

Best Service is excited to announce the immediate release of Engine 2.1.0.186.
This new version brings a couple of really great new features and a lot of minor
bug fixes. One of the new exciting features being the AU and VST 64-bit OS X
support. From now Engines memory access is not limited any more to 4GB. Use a
64-bit sequencer to take full advantage of your computers RAM and load as many
Best Service Engine instruments as you like (and your computer can handle).




New features:

- Added 64 Bit Support for OS X 10.6, 10.7, 10.8
- Improved Memory Management
- VST Gui updated to 3.6 for better mouse handling [Mac 64bit only]
- Enhanced/Improved legato
- Enhanced directory/file structure management. It's now possible to use UNC
Path and special characters [PC]
- Enhanced/Improved Convolution Reverb
- Enhanced/Improved Midi processing
- Fixed some bugs in the E-License Manager [Mac]
- Fixed some minor bugs
- Fixed split keyboard function
- Fixed some bugs in the midi learn function
- Fixed virtual keyboard



iNSTALLATiON


ΓÇó Next open the .rar file by double clicking it.
If you can't open it you need to get an archiver
which supports rar files such as Winrar and
extract.

ΓÇó Install the setup...

ΓÇó Use => Preferences => Libraries => Add Library.
for any compatible library.*

NOTE: *RTAS is still buggy.



ΓÇó That's it! Done.



3Nj0Y!!! 