As I was re-reading Hulk 312 and 313, I see that, “there’s an awesome, slam-bang conclusion to this entire crossover saga awaiting [me] in Alpha Flight 28 and 29!”  When I went to view these comics in my Alpha Flight collection, I was dismayed to discover I only had a few scant copies of Volume 2 of this very interesting, Canadian, Super-Hero team saved on my hard drive.  I searched the great TPB site for “Alpha Flight” comics, but could only locate a few copies of Volume 4.

So, after a bit more research, I found what I was looking for, and more.  I have since compiled my findings into five separate torrents, named thusly:  Alpha Flight Volume 1; Alpha Flight Volume 2; Alpha Flight Volume 3; Alpha Flight Volume 4 and Alpha Flight Miscellaneous.  All of these torrents are presented here, for your downloading/reading pleasures.

Alpha Flight Volume 1 (1983) consists of ALL 130 Alpha Flight issues, plus the two Annuals, 1986 and 1987.  

Alpha Flight Volume 2 (1997) consists of ALL 21 AF issues, plus the 1998 Annual.  

Alpha Flight Volume 3 (2004) consists of ALL 12 AF issues.  

Alpha Flight Volume 4 (2011) consists of ALL nine issues.  

Alpha Flight Miscellaneous contains:  “Alpha Flight Classic 1” (a compilation of AF Volume 1, 1-8;) “Alpha Flight Classic 2” (a compilation of AF Volume 1, 9-19 + X-Men 109;) ALL five issues of “Omega Flight” (which was part of the “The Initiative” saga; and finally, an issue of, “What If…” entitled, “What If… Wolverine Led Alpha Flight.”

Alpha Flight is a fictional superhero team published by Marvel Comics, noteworthy for being one of the few Canadian superhero teams.  Created by the great John Byrne, the team first appeared in Uncanny X-Men 120, in April of 1979.

Alpha Flight is noted for being "Canada's answer to the Avengers."  Most team members have distinctly Canadian attributes, such as Inuit, or First Nations heritage.  Throughout most of its history, the team has worked for Department H, a fictional branch of Canada’s Department of National Defence that deals with super-powered villains.

The rest of the story can be found here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpha_Flight

Enjoy, and please seed.

NOTE:  These scans are NOT my own.  All praise and glory to the original scanners, please.
