I am providing important films in ISO for the film buff or novice film historian. It is nearly impossible to find torrent files that include all the extras or even important commentaries. These files are from my collection of DVDs that I have made from rented movies over the last seven years or so. Nearly all of them have been put onto a DVD5, so unfortunately I do not have an uncompressed source handy.  That said I can assure you that these look GREAT on larger screens. I chose to make them this size for economy as DVD9s were $3 each when I started this and DVD5s were .25 cents each. Now I am working on putting some of the best ones on a hard drive to be played with my HD TV Media Player and am still thinking economy is the best rule as these are half the size of ripping a DVD9. This is the best quality for the value.

I would love some productive feedback  . . .   :)

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This file includes EVERYTHING the original DVD has:

1952
91 minutes
Black and White
1.33:1
Spoken Language: English, French
Subtitles: English

Audio commentary by author Eddie Muller
Eddie Muller is a writer based in San Francisco. He is known for writing books about movies, particularly film noir. Founder and president of the Film Noir Foundation, he is considered a noir expert and is called on to write and talk about the film genre, notably on wry commentary tracks for Fox's film noir series of DVDs. Novelist James Ellroy has dubbed him "The Czar of Noir".

SYNOPSIS:  
Otto Preminger's noir classic stars Robert Mitchum as an ordinary man who becomes caught in a web of seduction and murder. Wealthy Diane Treymayne (Jean Simmons) has an angelic face that belies her true nature. After her stepmother dies under mysterious circumstances, Diane takes a liking to family chauffeur Frank Jessup (Mitchum). She successfully tempts him away from his girlfriend -  and he soon finds himself involved in her deadly deceptions.
