One Girl Cookies - Recipes for Cakes, Cupcakes, Whoopie Pies, and Cookies from Brooklyn's Beloved Bakery
by Dawn Casale and David Crofton
Clarkson Potter | January 2012 | ISBN: 0307720489 | ePUB | 160 pages | 20.81 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/One-Girl-Cookies-Cupcakes-Brooklyns/dp/0307720489

Tucked away on a quiet, tree-lined street in Brooklyn, New York, is One Girl Cookies: a charming bakery and café whose owners have created what they call an Urban Mayberry. Little do most people know that this dessert destination—famous for its gorgeous bite-sized cookies, amazingly moist cakes, seasonal pies and tarts, and dangerously addictive whoopie pies—started simply, with one girl baking cookies out of a tiny apartment. One Girl Cookies shares the recipes for the shop’s sought-after treats, as well as the sweet story behind its beginnings.
To open One Girl Cookies, Dawn Casale looked to her family for inspiration, digging into a treasure trove of heirloom recipes and photos that she uses in her unique packaging designs. She often names her cookies for people special to her: Lucia (Espresso Caramel Squares with White and Dark Chocolate Swirl) is in honor of Dawn’s beloved grandmother, and Lana (Bittersweet Chocolate Sandwiches Filled with Raspberry Preserves) was created for her favorite teacher, who was a little bit bitter but mostly sweet. Dawn’s family life and the shop are so inseparable that it is only fitting that when she hired David Crofton, a professional baker, to expand the business, it turned out that she had found the love of her life.
From simple old-fashioned confections such as Lemon Bars and Strawberry Rhubarb Pie with Spiced Oat Crumble to modern treats like Orange Butter Drops with Shredded Coconut and Pumpkin Whoopie Pies with Maple Spiced Filling, the recipes featured here will impress and delight anyone lucky enough to get a taste. With beautiful color photos and tips for wrapping and gift-giving, One Girl Cookies will become a cherished addition to every passionate baker’s kitchen.

About the Author
DAWN CASALE and DAVID CROFTON are the owners of One Girl Cookies in Brooklyn, New York, which has been featured in the New York Times, Martha Stewart Weddings, and Real Simple, among other publications. They live in Brooklyn with their son, Nate. Visit them at  http://www.onegirlcookies.com 