THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-E877_4FD27C73.jpg

Lollipop Chainsaw XBOX360-SPARE

Lollipop Chainsaw is the ‘un-deadly’ story of sweet and killer zombie hunter Juliet 
Starling and her quest to uncover the root of a colossal zombie outbreak. With her 
wickedly awesome chainsaw in hand, Juliet slices, dices and splits her way through 
hordes of the undead, but soon realizes the horde is only the opening act to a 
festival of zombie rock lords determined to kill the chainsaw wielding cheerleader.

Features:

A New Kind of Killer Heroine - Juliet Starling is an 18-year-old student with a dark 
secret – zombie-hunting with a killer chainsaw in hand. Juliet must balance the drama 
of high school while carrying out her zombie-hunting lineage.

Gameplay Design - Celebrated game developer SUDA 51 brings his unique creative style 
and vision to the gameplay design, taking players through a wild ride of zombies, 
chainsaws, and rainbows.

Edgy Storyline - Through an adapted script by James Gunn, Juliet must uncover the 
root of a colossal zombie outbreak at her school, San Romero High, but soon realizes 
the horde is only the opening act to a festival of zombie rock lords determined to 
take her down.

Combat/Weapons - Players will hone their cheerleading acrobatics and chainsaw skills 
to string together devastating combo moves, taking out hordes of the undead.

Zombie Rock Lords - San Romero High’s zombie jocks and undead faculty are the least 
of Juliet’s concerns when she soon realizes that she faces a bigger challenge, zombie 
rock lords that add a new beat’ to SUDA 51's over-the-top boss battles.

Head Bangin’ Music - With original music created by popular video game composer Akira 
Yamaoka (best known for the Silent Hill series) and other notable artists, Lollipop 
Chainsaw features a soundtrack that’s to die for. In addition to original music, 
Juliet’s playlist will also include familiar songs from various musical genres.

Platform: XBOX360
Format: XGD3 
Region: Region Free
Size: 1DVD
Language: English
Genre: Action, Horror

Trailer:
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-7856_4FD27C73.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-B8B2_4FD27C73.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-5AA1_4FD27C73.jpg