                    CCNP Security Firewall 642-617 - 2010kaiser


Learn, prepare, and practice for exam success

    Master CCNP Security FIREWALL 642-617 exam topics
    Assess your knowledge with chapter-opening quizzes
    Review key concepts with exam preparation tasks
    Practice with realistic exam questions on the CD-ROM

CCNP Security FIREWALL 642-617 Official Cert Guide is a best of breed Cisco exam study guide that focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCNP Security FIREWALL exam. Senior security consultants and instructors David Hucaby, Dave Garneau, and Anthony Sequeira share preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.

CCNP Security FIREWALL 642-617 Official Cert Guide presents you with an organized test-preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. ΓÇ£Do I Know This Already?ΓÇ¥ quizzes open each chapter and enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Exam topic lists make referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks help you drill on key concepts you must know thoroughly.

The companion CD-ROM contains the powerful Pearson IT Certification Practice Test engine that enables you to focus on individual topic areas or take a complete, timed exam. The assessment engine also tracks your performance and provides feedback on a module-by-module basis, laying out a complete assessment of your knowledge to help you focus your study where it is needed most.

Well-regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.

CCNP Security FIREWALL 642-617 Official Cert Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.

The official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNP Security FIREWALL exam, including

    ASA interfaces
    IP connectivity
    ASA management
    Recording ASA activity
    Address translation
    Access control
    Proxy services
    Traffic inspection and handling
    Transparent firewall mode
    Virtual firewalls
    High availability
    ASA service modules

Companion CD-ROM
The CD-ROM contains a free, complete practice exam.

Includes Exclusive Offer for 70% Off Premium Edition eBook and Practice Test

Pearson IT Certification Practice Test minimum system requirements:
Windows XP (SP3), Windows Vista (SP2), or Windows 7; Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0 Client; Microsoft SQL Server Compact 4.0; Pentium class 1GHz processor (or equivalent); 512 MB RAM; 650 MB disc space plus 50 MB for each downloaded practice exam

This volume is part of the Official Cert Guide Series from Cisco Press. Books in this series provide officially developed exam preparation materials that offer assessment, review, and practice to help Cisco Career Certification candidates identify weaknesses, concentrate their study efforts, and enhance their confidence as exam day nears.

Publisher: Cisco Press; 1 edition (September 25, 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1587142791
ISBN-13: 978-1587142796
Format: PDF

ENJOY AND SEED!!!