Up with Chris Hayes; Saturday, September 15, 2012. Guest host Sam Seder.

On Saturday's show Sam and his guests discussed the swell of unrest in Libya, Egypt, Yemen, and the broader Middle East, along with the attacks on the American consulate in Benghazi and the American embassies in Egypt and Tunisia. They examined Mitt Romney's response to the White House's handling of those attacks, and Sam asked what America's foreign policy might look like under a Romney presidency. Plus, they dissected the stand-off between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Obama over Iran's nuclear program.

Sam Seder, host of the Majority Report, filled in for Chris Hayes. Joining Sam were:

Heather Hurlburt (Executive Director, National Security Network, former Clinton administration Special Assistant and Speechwriter to the President (1995-2001), former speechwriter for Secretaries of State Madeleine Albright and Warren Christopher, and former member of the State Department's Policy Planning staff), Reza Aslan (Adjunct Senior Fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and author of  "No god but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam"), Phyllis Bennis (Director of the New Internationalism Project at the Institute for Policy Studies, Founder of the U.S. Campaign to End Israeli Occupation, Co-chair of the UN-based International Coordinating Network on Palestine), Zainab Salbi (Founder of Women for Women International and author of "Between Two Worlds: Escape from Tyranny: Growing Up in the Shadow of Saddam," she is the daughter of Saddam Hussein's pilot) talked about the storming of the embassy.

Hooman Majd (Iranian-born writer and author of the books, "The Ayatollah Begs to Differ: The Paradox of Modern Iran" and "The Ayatollahs' Democracy: An Iranian Challenge").

Jim Maceda (NBC News Correspondent) joined via satellite about the spread of anti-American response in the Arab world.

Ethar El-Katatney (Egyptian journalist and author of "Forty Days and Forty Nights in Yemen") joined via Skype to discuss the situation in Egypt.

Eli Lake, (Senior National Security reporter for Newsweek and The Daily Beast) replaced Zainab Salibi to talk about foreign policy.


Daniel Levy, former special advisor to the Israeli Prime Minister (1999-2001) and Co-Editor of The Middle East Channel, Foreign Policy. He served on the negotiating team during the Oslo negotiations.