Kang Dynasty, sometimes called the Kang War, is a 16 part comic book storyline which ran through Avengers Volume 3 Numbers 41 - 55 plus Avengers Annual 2001, between June, 2001 and August, 2002. It was written by Kurt Busiek and illustrated by a number of artists including Alan Davis, Kieron Dwyer, Ivan Reis and Manuel Garcia. The story featured Kang, The Conqueror (warlord from the 30th century) one of the deadliest and oldest Avengers foes, arriving in the early 21st century, with his son Marcus, intent on conquering the planet.

Although Kang is temporarily successful, the first villain in Marvel Comics to physically take over the world (as opposed through mind control, as Doctor Doom once accomplished by amplifying the powers of the Purple Man) he is opposed, and eventually defeated, by The Avengers.

Kang, The Conqueror, appears with his son Marcus, the new Scarlet Centurion, in front of the United Nations (after Marcus is barely defeated by Goliath, Triathlon, Iron Man, Vision, Wasp, and Warbird) and destroys the building using a blast from the space base, Damocles.  But when Wasp talks of the murders he has committed, he shows none of the occupants have been killed. Kang creates a force-field around the group, and shows many visions of the Earth's possible futures, all of them dark and horrific. At first it is thought he intends to help the Earth, but then he announces that he wishes to conquer it in order to save it. Kang tells the UN that he will strike at France first. He then cunningly splits his enemies by announcing that any who conquer land in his name will have a place in his New Order. Several groups and foes (including The Presence, The Deviants, and Attuma's Atlanteans) attack across the world. Kang knew that against an invading army, the Earth would unite but against their own, they would be fractured. He then teleports away with The Centurion, by threatening to strike with lethal force if they make another attack. Meanwhile, The Presence is attacking Russia with a group of radioactive ghost-like creatures.

They battle and they fight; they fight and they battle.  Download and peruse this torrent to find out how this excellent story unwinds.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
