- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                                                   
                                              
                                           
                                          
                                         
                                   
                                   
                                   
                             
                                      
                          
                        
                      
                    
                      
                       
                      
                   
                     
                     
                           
                                     
                                   
                                    
                                   
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                           
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                                 
                        -W4F Releasing TV since 2002-                  
                                          
                                     
                                   
          
            
       
    
                            Proudly Presents

Miss.Fishers.Murder.Mysteries.S01E01.WS.PDTV.x264-W4F

  RELEASE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
Release Date2012.02.27
Air Date2012.02.24
GenreScripted / Drama
                                                                        
 

  EPiSODE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
  Get ready to immerse yourself in the opulent, exciting world of       
  Australias leading lady detective Phryne Fisher (Essie Davis), in    
  ABC1s new 13-part drama series Miss Fishers Murder Mysteries.       
  Phryne (pronounced Fry-nee) is a glamorous and thoroughly modern      
  woman of the 1920s. Our lady sleuth sashays through the back lanes    
  and jazz clubs of Melbourne, fighting injustice with her              
  pearl-handled pistol and her dagger sharp wit.                        
                                                                        
  After many years abroad, Phryne returns to Melbourne, in part to      
  start a new life in her home town, but to also ensure that Murdoch    
  Foyle (Nicholas Bell), the man thought to be responsible for her      
  younger sisters mysterious disappearance, never gets out of jail.    
  But before her very proper Aunt Prudence (Miriam Margolyes), a        
  well-known society matriarch, can drag Phryne off to attend her       
  first soiree, Phryne finds herself embroiled in a murder.             
                                                                        
  She befriends the most unlikely of murder suspects  an innocent      
  Catholic girl, Dot Williams (Ashleigh Cummings). Phryne takes Dot     
  under her wing, employing her as a maid. Over time, Dot becomes one   
  of Phrynes closest companions; with Dots natural intelligence in    
  all things domestic and catholic she is often an unexpected asset in  
  Phrynes murder investigations. From illegal abortions to union       
  disputes, exploited workers and missing girls, Phryne finds justice   
  for those who cant help themselves.                                  
                                                                        
  As she delves deeper into the murky world of murder, Phryne crosses   
  paths with the local constabulary, befriending the handsome           
  Detective Inspector Jack Robinson (Nathan Page). Despite being        
  married, Jack finds himself drawn to Phrynes vibrant personality     
  and seeks to ensure that she is kept out of harms way as they        
  endeavour to solve the cases.                                         
                                                                        
  They come to rely on each other, Jack for the information he gets     
  through diligent police procedures, and Phryne for the information    
  she obtains using her charms and daring. When Jack wont give Phryne  
  the information she needs, she can easily manipulate Jacks trusting  
  deputy, Constable Hugh Collins (Hugo Johnstone-Burt), to keep her     
  informed even if he is not aware he is doing so. Leaving a trail of   
  admirers in her wake, our heroine makes sure she enjoys every moment  
  of her lucky life and along the way she unlocks the truth of her own  
  dark history.                                                         
                                                                        
  The Honourable Miss Phryne Fisher began life in 1989 as the daring    
  lady detective protagonist of a series of 18 crime books written by   
  Australian author, Kerry Greenwood. With an acquired taste for the    
  best, but impeccable working-class origins, Phryne was an instant     
  success with readers and still shows no sign of hanging up her        
  pearl-handled pistol or giving up her adventurous love-life for     
  just one man.                                                         
                                                                        
  http://www.abc.net.au/tv/phrynefisher/                                
                                                                        
 

  WE'RE LOOKiNG FOR 
                                                   
                                                                        
  * Broadcast/Network/PPV TV Cappers with English PDTV/HDTV sources     
     located in the US/UK/AU/CA/EU                                      
  * People with PDTV/HDTV sources with an interest in capping           
  * Pre-retail/unreleased DVD Suppliers (especially sports)             
  * 100mbit+ affil sites with archives                                  
                                                                        
   Find us or email w4fcrew@gmail.com if you can help                   
                                                                        
 

  GREETZ 
                                                              
                                                                        
   To all W4F/CLASSiCW4F members, both past and present. :)