EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Professional

Fast, Complete and Safe Data Recovery Software
Non-destructive data recovery software for lost data recovery
Read-only, risk-free and cost-effective Windows data recovery software
Recover lost data from dynamic disks or Linux file system under Windows
After data loss, please stop using the bad drive any more. And do not waste time and money on other software, immediately download EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Professional, save and then install it on a drive other than the one on which your files were lost.

Advanced, complete and reliable data recovery software

Need dynamic disk or EXT2/3 data recovery? Get data back now

EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Professional does an amazing job on format recovery, unformat, deleted files recovery or lost data due to partition loss or damage, software crash, virus infection, unexpected shutdown or any other unknown reasons when the data loss disaster strikes, especially when you want to recover data from formatted drive. It provides the most comprehensive data recovery solution for computer users to recover lost data.

Benefits

Complete and effective recovery: recover all lost data including documents, emails, photos, videos, audio files and more.
Safe and easy to use: friendly recovery wizard applies to all levels of computer users and most importantly it works no damage to your data.
Preview before recovery: preview function helps you to locate your lost files and check their quality before you decide to recover them.
Total recovery: not only recover files from hard drives, but also get lost data back from RAID, dynamic disks, USBs, external hard drives, memory cards, digital cameras, MP3/MP4 players and more.

Supported OS: 

Windows 8/7/Vista/XP/2000 and Windows Server 2012/2008/2003

Supported File Systems

EXT3
EXT2
NTFS5
NTFS
FAT32
FAT16
FAT12

Homepage: http://www.easeus.com/datarecoverywizardpro/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use given key to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.
