Warhammer 40K Space Marine with all DLC Repack R.G. Origami


Genre: RPG (Rogue / Action) / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developer: Relic Entertainment 
Publication Type: Repak 
Language: English / Russian 
Sound language: English / Russian 
Crack: enclosing (JorjVirus69/SKiDROW)


SYSTEM REQUIREMENT

Operating system: Windows Vista / XP / Windows 7; 
Processor: Dual Core processor with a clock frequency of 2 GHz (Core 2 Duo or AMD X2 or better); 
Memory: 1 GB (XP), 2 GB (Vista), 2 GB (Windows 7); 
Video: 256 MB, Shader Model 3 (Nvidia GeForce 8800GT, AMD Radeon 3850); 
Sound Card: compatible with DirectX; 
Free space on hard disk: 8 GB 


Horde bloodthirsty orcs invaded the planet, a forge, which produces combat vehicles for the Imperium of Mankind. Space Marines, battle-hardened veteran of the Order of the Ultramarines Captain Titus and his party must keep the defense before the arrival of the Imperial Navy strike force. On the side of the enemy - a huge advantage in numbers on the side of people - the best fighters and most powerful weapon. The loss of the planet will give into the hands of the Orc weapon that can be washed to the ground entire towns. 


GAME FEATURES

epic and brutal action / RPG, where you Put on the armor of Space Marine and down against the superior forces repeatedly Orcs and Chaos. 
Burn the heretic, kill the mutant, pursue evil. Rushes into the thick of the battle. We did not sit behind cover, we're going to attack! 
Yes, we shall fear our enemies, because we - the wrath of the Emperor! A new combat system allows you to easily switch from heavy guns on crushing blows with a sword. 
The flame of battle, on the anvil of war! Feel the breath of the universe Warhammer 40.000 in the dark and atmospheric landscapes in the ongoing battles and twisted storylines. 
Success is measured by blood: yours or the enemy. Fight online on the side of Chaos Space Marines or in 8 of 8 matches. Open up new weapons and armor for different classes of characters. We do not die - we go to hell to regroup. 


REPACK FEATURES

Do not cut / recoded 
Game Version: v1.0.156.0 
Installation time ~ 25-30 minutes 

Included DLC
Death Guard Champion Chapter Pack DLC 
Iron Hands Chapter Pack DLC 
Dreadnought DLC 
Chaos Unleashed Map Pack 
Salamanders Veteran Armour Set 
Legion of the Damned Armour Set 
Alpha Legion Champion Armour Set 
Blood Angels Veteran Armour Set 
Emperor's Elite Pack 
Traitor Legions Pack 
Golden Relic Chainsword 
Golden Relic Bolter 
Power Sword