SUPERAntiSpyware is the most thorough scanner on the market. Our Multi-Dimensional Scanning and Process Interrogation Technology will detect spyware that other products miss! SUPERAntiSpyware will remove ALL the Spyware, NOT just the easy ones!

Quick, Complete and Custom Scanning of Hard Drives, Removable Drives, Memory, Registry, Individual Folders and More! Includes Trusting Items and Excluding Folders for complete customization of scanning!
  
Detect and Remove Spyware, Adware, Malware, Trojans, Dialers, Worms, KeyLoggers, HiJackers and many other types of threats.
  
Repair broken Internet Connections, Desktops, Registry Editing, Task Manager and more with our unique Repair System! Spyware application often disable system components to prevent removal - SUPERAntiSpyware resets and restores these items in seconds!
  
Real-Time Blocking of threats! Prevent potentially harmful software from installing or re-installing!*
  
Schedule either Quick, Complete or Custom Scans Daily or Weekly to ensure your computer is free from harmful software.*
  
Quarantine items detected and removed for complete protection. Items in the quarantine may be restored to your computer if desired.
  
Detailed scan logs with complete information about detected and removed threats and their locations within your computer. Scan logs allow you to review scheduled scan results at anytime.

Multi-Dimensional Scanning
 SUPERAntiSpyware is a next generation scanning system that goes beyond the typical rules based scanning methods. Our Multi-Dimensional Scanning system detects existing threats as well as threats of the future by analyzing threat characteristics in addition to code patterns.
  
First Chance Prevention
 SUPERAntiSpyware examines over 50 critical points of your system each time your system starts up and shuts down to eliminate threats before they have a chance to infect and infiltrate your system.
  
Process Interrogation Technology
 SUPERAntiSpyware features our unique Process Interrogation Technology (PIT) that allows threats to be detected no matter where they are hiding on your system. Many new types of threats utilize "Rootkits" or "Kernel Drivers" to hide themselves to avoid detection by standard anti-spyware applications. SUPERAntiSpyware's Process Interrogation Technology locates even the toughest of threats.
  
Dedicated Threat Research Team / Daily Updates*
 SUPERAntiSpyware features a dedicated threat research team that scours the web daily and analyzes thousands of possible threats to provide the most up to date protection available by providing daily definition updates.

Windows 2000, XP, , Vista, Windows 2003 and Windows 7
  
400Mhz or Faster Processor with at least 256MB RAM