Artist: Bill Holt 
Album: Dreamies 
Year: 1973/2000
Country: U.S.A.
Genre: Psychedelic / Electronic / Experimental
TT: 00:51:18 min
 
http://www.amazon.com/Dreamies-Bill-Holt/dp/B00004NKBA

Tracklist:
01. Program Ten Songs, Song# 1 - Sunday Morning Song; Song# 2 - The User
02. Progra

His name is Bill Holt, today on 2006 he’s 63 years old, but 33 years ago, on 1973 he decided to end his work for a “Fortune 500’s” company, bought a Moog synthesizer and having little experience in music, improvised himself a recording studio in his basement… that’s the beginning of Dreamies.

This album got everything, as the review at Aquarius Records points: “the Dreamies album is a venture into psych-pop meets musique concrete territory, an elaborate tapestry of samples -- and this is from long before anyone called them samples, and before there was such a thing as samplers and sequencers, which means Holt used the old fashioned, labor intensive tape n' razor blade splicing method, working at home on his beloved TEAC Model 3340 reel-to-reel four-track recorder. Densely woven into his otherwise highly laid back and melodic mix, you'll hear clocks ticking, chattering machine guns in Vietnam combat, JFK speeches, crickets, frogs, NASA transmissions, and ominous but unidentifiable minimalist pulses of electronic/industrial white noise. Or even samples of the Beatles themselves! (Bits of "All You Need Is Love" and others are buried in Holt's sonic collage.) It's both unsettling and soothing at the same time, like surfing through shortwave transmissions from the late '60s psyche. And along with all the sound bites/effects, he also weaves together what must have originally been several different, distinct, enchanting songs he'd written for his voice and acoustic guitar. It's one man and his melodies alone amidst the chaos of the times.”

Sadly, Bill return to his regular work routine, but hey, for me it’s more than enough, I hope someday I can create a similar beautiful artifact… Thanks Bill!!!!!