English | CBR | 5 Issues

Blake & Mortimer #6, 9, 10, 11, and The Time Trap
Publisher:  Cinebook (#6, 9, 10, and 11) and Comcat Comics (The Time Trap)

Born of Edgar Pierre Jacobs’ imagination during the post-WWII period, Professor Philip Mortimer, nuclear physicist, and Captain Francis Blake, dashing head of MI5, are legendary heroes of the 9th art. The author, a close relative of Hergé, appreciated the excessive and the astonishing that could be found within the scope of scientific invention; his heroes, very much ahead of their time, discover extraordinary objects and phenomena through their uncommon adventures. Before devoting himself exclusively to them, Edgar Pierre Jacobs collaborated with Hergé and took part in the realization of "Tintin in the Congo", "Tintin in America", "The Blue Lotus", "King Ottokar's Sceptre", "The Seven Crystal Balls", and the "Prisoners of the Sun".

These books were originally released in a different order by Les Editions du Lombard.

Blake & Mortimer 06 - S.O.S. Meteors
Author:  Edgar P. Jacobs
Originally published:  1959
Publication Date:  September 2009
Extreme weather threatens the whole of continental Europe, turning the lives of its citizens inside out. The French government calls Professor Mortimer to help solve this enigma. Mortimer travels near Paris to visit his friend Professor Labrousse, the chief French meteorologist. But when the taxi driver Labrousse sent to meet Mortimer at the station disappears, our friend becomes the prime suspect. Mortimer gets in touch with his old friend Blake, also in France, to help him out of this tricky situation.
However, Blake disappears as well, so Mortimer and Labrousse have two missing-person cases to investigate. They soon discover that the two disappearances are not only linked to each other, but also to the climatic catastrophes.

Blake & Mortimer 09 - The Sarcophagi of the Sixth Continent Pt 1
Authors: Yves Sente & André Juillard
Originally published:  2003
Publication Date:  January 2011
Philip Mortimer spent his youth in the land of the Maharajas. He loves India, but his last visit there did not end well. Now, many years later, the famous Professor Mortimer is in charge of the British pavilion at the Brussels Universal Exposition. When strange phenomena begin disrupting preparations, Mortimer and his friend Blake set off on a trail that will take them to the sixth continent—to confront an old and unexpected enemy.

Blake & Mortimer 10 - The Sarcophagi of the Sixth Continent Pt 2
Authors: Yves Sente & André Juillard
Originally published:  2004
Publication Date:  April 2011
Blake, Mortimer and Nasir are en route to Antarctica, hoping to locate Olrik and his Indian and KGB allies and to stop his attack on the Brussels Universal Exposition. Little do they know that their old adversary isn’t the one in charge this time. In the frozen wasteland of the sixth continent, Mortimer will be reunited with an old acquaintance and solve the enigma of his younger days—at a terrible price.

Blake & Mortimer 11 - The Gondwana Shrine
Authors: Yves Sente & André Juillard
Originally published:  2008
Publication Date:  September 2011
Several months after their adventures in Antarctica, Blake and Mortimer are back in England. Still somewhat shaken after his ordeal, the professor is ordered by his doctor to get some rest. In typical Mortimer fashion, he decides to spend his holidays in Africa… looking for a lost civilisation! Accompanied by Nastasia Wardynska and an old flame of his, he begins tracking down a culture that is older than any ever recorded—but someone is dogging their every step...

Blake & Mortimer - The Time Trap
Author:  Edgar P. Jacobs
Originally published:  1962
Publication Date:  1989

Blake and Mortimer #1-5, 7, 16, and 17: 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7319377/Blake_and_Mortimer

Blake and Mortimer #8 - The Voronov Plot: 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7387389/Blake__amp_amp__Mortimer_08_-_The_Voronov_Plot