             NI Traktor v2.5 Remix Deck Content  

Remix Decks are the latest TRAKTOR innovation, letting you select from up to 64 loops and one-shot samples per deck. Any of the four decks in TRAKTOR PRO 2.5 can be switched to be a Remix Deck.

Each Remix Deck offers four different Slots (columns), ideal for arranging sounds and loops by instrument groups e.g. different drum, bass, percussion loops. Play one sound per column - a total of four samples at any one time. Use loops from the included sound content or import any loops and sounds of your own. Develop your own unique trademark sound and build a personal arsenal of sounds by live-capturing your favorite loops while DJing.


Registered users of TRAKTOR PRO 2 can access a wealth of top quality loops and one-shots for use with the Remix Decks. Renowned artists have provided inspiring material in a number of genres, including Remix Sets prepared by Pan-Pot, Stewart Walker, and Marc Houle, among others.

In all 1.4 GB of content is available ΓÇô and all for free! As soon as youΓÇÖve registered the 2.5 software, you can download the Remix Sets.

         System Speks:
 
 . you need the latest Traktor Pro 2.5

                    Installation:

-  Next open the rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar or StuffitExpander and extract.

-  Run TRAKTOR.

-  Drag and drop the Traktor Pak file onto TRAKTOR's Browser List. Alternatively you can use the Browser Tree's context menu to import Traktor Pak files; 

-  Right-click the Track Collection entry in the Browser Tree and click on the Import Traktor Pak entry.

-  Then navigate to the Traktor Pak file on your system with the file dialog, select it, and click OK for the file to be added to TRAKTOR's Collection.
--- The Traktor Pak files will be imported to TRAKTOR, and the contained Remix Set(s) added to the Collection. 

---- You can now find the Remix Set(s) in the All Remix Sets subfolder of the Track Collection folder in the Browser Tree.

                             enjoy!!!
