F-16 Fighting Falcon - Mission Pack (FSX only)


Designed for our F-16 Fighting Falcon this Mission Pack makes full use of the possibilities to make FSX far more interactive then any version before. Fly 10 custom missions representing the typical workload of an F-16 pilot.
In 10 missions you will be asked to intercept other aircraft, refuel in flight, assist in a simulated attack and where needed to safe yourself when things go wrong. Made for the pilot who likes to be challenged, the F-16 Mission Pack makes a great aircraft even better!

All missions are introduced with a detailed missions briefing and will come with all the scenery and objects that are needed. Of course there is full audio so you will hear the controllers and pilots.

Included missions:

NATO 1: Fly to Norway for the exercise that will start tomorrow
NATO 2: Simulated ground attack with a Storm Shadow missile.
NATO 3: Ground attack with only passive systems.
NATO 4: Texaco 5 got fuel and you need fuel, so go and get some!
NATO 5: AWACS is down and you are tasked to patrol a section of airspace.
NATO 6: Flying home from the exercise your aircraft is not as reliable as expected.
RECCON: Photograph some targets, but be very careful.
HAVCAP: Protect the AWACS at all cost!
77th Interdiction: Protect a carrier while operations with the help of the AWACS controllers
Intruder: Low level intruder exercise, stay under 500 ft AGL!
Features:

All 10 missions with sound effects and voice files
English voices and subtitles
Full details of the missions in the briefing files
Additional scenery to match the missions
Additional specifications:
Download-Version: Version 1.00, Manual as a .pdf-file (English)

System requirements:
Microsoft Flight Simulator X (SP 2 or Acceleration)
Aerosoft F-16 Fighting Falcon required => Click here to buy
Windows XP/Vista with the latest Service Packs (XP recommended)
Intel Core 2 Duo CPU (2x 2666Mhz) or equivalent (Core 2 Quad CPU recommended)
2 GB RAM
DX9 Graphic Card with at least 256 MB (512 MB strongly recommended)
Download-Size: 160 MB
Installations-Size: 380 MB


If you like it, buy it :)

-Buskras