Official Web Site:  http://www.northernsoftworks.com/lioncachecleaner.html

Lion Cache Cleaner is an award winning general purpose software for Mac OS X.

Lion Cache Cleaner makes system maintenance simple with access to many features of OS X. Inexperienced and experienced users will appreciate the powerful set of tools provided by LCC. Lion Cache Cleaner is installed on thousands of personal and corporate computers around the world.

Maintenance

Lion Cache Cleaner is a universal solution for all your maintenance needs of OS X. Intel or PPC, Tiger or Lion, LCC has all the tools to keep your system better. Lion Cache Cleaner keeps your system in perfect health by providing full automation of common maintenance, including virus scanning of internet downloads. The LCC Engine can even repair permissions automatically after software installation.

Optimization

Lion Cache Cleaner can improve the performance of web browsing and file cache settings, optimizing data cache and removing old or obsolete. LCC includes tools to help optimize files and memory. Lion Cache Cleaner can also recover disk space by eliminating language localization files and "streamline" UB applications.

Customization

Lion Cache Cleaner allows you to fully control and customize your OS X. Turn off Spotlight or Dashboard, or turn on a Login Items folder. LCC can change many OS X features to suit your tastes. All without permanently altering or damaging the system.

Disaster Planning

Lion Cache Cleaner allows you to create a bootable DVD of Mac OS X Lion to install it on any machine that supports it. Lion Cache Cleaner allows you to create emergency boot disks, which include system repair utilities and powerful cache cleaning functions of LCC. Registered users of LCC can install a portable version of LCC on a flash drive or an iPod. Lion Cache Cleaner Portable runs on any supported Mac and is a great tool for testing hard drives, screen pixels, batteries, ram, and more.

Antivirus

Lion Cache Cleaner helps protect your system from malware. LCC adds three additional levels of protection from malware in Lion, since it includes the powerful ClamAV antivirus can scan your downloads "on the fly" to provide maximum protection against viruses both Mac and Windows. Peers: 1 seeders, 0 leechers, 1 total Size: 18.83 MB