The Beatles Rock Band Mixes now on mp3 format 320 bit.  Uploaded for those who do not wish to download the flac version. 

This is a bootleg collection of Beatles tracks used in the Rock Band game. The entire collection consists of two volumes with two discs in each volume.  Presented here is Volume One, Disc Two.  I picked up both volumes on eBay sometime during the summer of 2010 for about $50.  They are still available on eBay from the U.S. as of this writing (December 2011).  But then again, why are you here?

The most striking thing about the Beatles Rock Band mixes are the lead ins and fade outs to the songs.  Most songs start with a strong three or four count or with studio chatter and then a starting count. No fade in on a song like Eight Days a Week and no fade out on Day Tripper.  Between the starts and stops the songs are basically the original studio mixes.  As expected, the sound is excellent and was ripped into a flac format using EAC.

About the discs themselves.  They are silver backed, not blue and are packaged very nicely in glossy gatefold sleeves on quality paper with artwork and liner notes that consist of an interview with Harmonix CEO and co-founder Alex Rigopulos and Creative Producer and Music Supervisor, Giles Martin.  They were the developers for the tracks included on the Beatles Rock Band game.  It even has the large Apple Records logo on the inner sleeves as well as the CD label. Small Capitols Records logos are found on the CD label and on the back covers of each gatefold.  Not a bad offering for a bootleg. Very nice.

The CD used here is a Roaring Mouse copy and is numbered DPRO RM82697(b).

The second disc of Volume One contains the entire Sgt. Pepper album.  All tracks are in the same order as the original release. However, the album doesnt begin until track 5.

As mentioned previously, this is a bootleg as I am sure most of you would have determined.  I dont believe that anyone at Harmonix Music Systems, Ltd (creators of Rock Band) or any other music label has every officially released Beatles Rock Band versions of songs used in the game. If so, it may have been for promotional purposes only or on a very limited basis.  Please feel free to add any more information that I may have missed. Enjoy!


Track Listing (Volume One, Disc Two)

2-01    Paperback Writer
2-02    Taxman
2-03    Yellow Submarine
2-04    And Your Bird Can Sing
2-05    Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band/With A Little Help From My Friends
2-06    Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds
2-07    Getting Better
2-08    Fixing A Hole
2-09    Shes Leaving Home
2-10    Being For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite
2-11    Within You Without You
2-12    When Im Sixty Four
2-13    Lovely Rita
2-14    Good Morning Good Morning
2-15    Sgt. Pepper Reprise
2-16    A Day In The Life
2-17    All You Need Is Love
2-18    Hello Goodbye
2-19    I Am The Walrus
2-20    Hey Bulldog

***KEEP SEEDING EVERYONE!  THIS IS HOW PIRATE BAY WORKS!!!  LET OTHERS ENJOY WHAT WE HAVE AND PASS IT ALONG!  THANK YOU!!

