English | CBR | 10 Issues

Dazzler #1
Publisher:  Marvel
Publication Date:  May 26, 2010

Writer:  Jim McCann
Pencils:  Kalman Andrasofsky
Inks:  Array
Lettered by:  Dave Sharpe
Cover by:  Kalman Andrasofsky

She's survived Necrosha, but how can Dazzler defend herself against the onslaught of villains from her past that have targeted her all at once?! Dr. Doom! The Enchantress! And Rogue?! And what's worse--they are led by her murderous sister, MORTIS! This is no family reunion, but the disco-ball shattering showdown you've been waiting for! Will Alison Blaire survive this blood-soaked trip down memory lane? Find out in this special by fan-favorites Jim McCann (NEW AVENGERS: THE REUNION) and Kalman Andrasofszky (CAPTAIN AMERICA)!

Thanks goes to Sha-Pic! for this release.


Firestar #1
Publisher:  Marvel
Publication Date:  April 21, 2010

Writer:  Sean McKeever
Artist:  Emma Rios
Colors:  Matthew Wilson
Letters:  Kristyn Ferretti
Cover Art:  Stephanie Hans

Angelica Jones has been many things in her life. Daughter. Friend. Fiancee. Mutant. Hellion. New Warrior. Avenger. And, most recently, cancer survivor. Granted a second chance at life, Angelica has only one question for herself: What do I do with it?

Thanks goes to Sha-Hic! for this release.


Galacta: Daughter of Galactus #1
Publisher:  Marvel
Publication Date:  May 19, 2010

Writer:  Adam Warren
Artist:  Hector Sevilla Lujan aka Elsevilla
Letters:  Simon Bowland
Cover by:  Adam Warren and Hector Sevilla Lujan

Galactus is the terror of the universe, devouring planets and destroying civilizations as he goesΓÇöand a father to a growing daughter! Meet GALI, daughter of the infamous planet-eater GALACTUS and the WINNER of last yearΓÇÖs MARVEL ASSISTANT- SIZED SPECTACULAR poll! Unlike her father, Gali has formed an affection for the planet Earth, and does her best to subsist only on invasive alien life-formsΓÇªbut when her cosmic hunger begins growing out of control, can she hold herself back from a deadly binge? Featuring WOLVERINE, THOR, and the FANTASTIC FOUR, this collects the original Galacta short plus three Marvel Digital Comic Exclusive Galacta stories from writer Adam Warren (Empowered, Gen 13) and with stunning digital paints by artist Hector Sevilla Lujan!

Thanks goes to Sha-Hic! for this release.


Lady Deadpool #1
Publisher:  Marvel
Publication Date:  July 21, 2010

Writer:  Mark H.K. Choi
Pencils:  Kenneth Lashley
Inks:  Tim Townsend and Andrew Henessy
Colors:  Nolan Woodard
Letters:  Jeff Eckleberry
Cover:  Greg Land

From the stunning sadism that brought you an entire brood of Deadpool droogs comes the chromosomal clusterhiccup that is Lady Deadpool. Agile, armed, and a howling she-lunatic, this recluse is robbed of the only thing she adores more than binge eating: cable TV. In an America ravaged by colossal debt and careening unemployment, the loss of the glowing idiot box is more than this girl can take. Why won't the government do anything? How is General America complicit? Was the genocide of all sitcom writers necessary? Should Wanda ransack the loins of a hot activist? Probably. 'Cause this Merc with a Mouth packs lipgloss. And it's sticky.

Thanks goes to XxxX for this release.


Namora #1
Publisher:  Marvel
Publication Date:  June 23, 2010

Writer:  Jeff Parker
Artist:  Sara Pichelli
Colorist:  Rachelle Rosenberg
Letterer:  Dave Sharpe
Cover:  Stephanie Hans
Variant Cover:  Ramona Fradon

The powerful agent of ATLAS and Atlantean Princess known as Namora finds a missing colony of her aquatic people in the Barents Sea, and goes to bring them back to the new home of Oceana. But the Atlanteans are unwilling to leave and now Namora is also compelled to stay...and serve THE KRAKEN! Don't miss an aquatic adventure like only critically-acclaimed writer Jeff Parker (AGENTS OF ATLAS, THUNDERBOLTS, FALL OF THE HULKS) can tell it!

Thanks goes to XxxX for this release.