
ROYAL MADNESS 12 girls, 2 teams, 1 score, one massive orgy.

Dec 25, 2012 - Performers: Hollie Stevens , Madison Young , Darling , Annie Cruz , Ariel X , Julie Night , Alexa Von Tess , Amber Rayne , Claire Dames , Trina Michaels , Tia Ling and Ami Emerson 


WMV only. MP4 + Pics later.
        

Never released on the Ultimate Surrender site, this match was only available as a Kink on Demand download up until now. Today, for the first time ever, members get this epic shoot as an update! Because this shoot's popularity and acclaim as a KOD were so massive, we had to take this shoot out of the archive and share it once again, this time on the U/S site for all the members! Now members get this legendary battle at no extra cost! Now members get to see a part of Ultimate Surrender history. Welcome to ROYAL MADNESS. The most ambitious, wrestling porn event ever filmed. Where 6 winners will fuck 6 losers in an epic orgy of rough, brutal sex! Two team Captains will take turns picking their wrestlers from a 10 girl pool. Playground rules until the last girl is picked. The teams are assigned colors and meet to work out a strategy. The Match starts with Team Blue putting the first girl on the mat. Team Red has 30 seconds to decide who will wrestle her. After the fight, Team Red puts a girl out and Team blue must decide who will wrestle. This repeats until all girls have wrestled. Each score is added to the overall team score, as the Captains use strategy to try and get the best match up on the mat for their team. In the end, the team with the overall highest score wins, and gets to brutally fuck the losing team in a massive 12 girl orgy gangbang. But that's not all. On top of over an hour of intense non-scripted wrestling and a 12 girl rough sex orgy, we have included tons of bonus material! An extra 45 minutes of the orgy scene from 3 different camera angles!! Before and after wrestling, we have behind the scenes footage with the wrestlers and out takes. 

Screens 
http://www.ultimatesurrender.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=6052

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

