Includes the Xara 3D Maker v7.0.0.415 installation package, a crack, a text file containing instructions and a video tutorial about how to use the program.

Install as usual. After installation, replace the original executable with the provided crack. No serial number required. Done! Enjoy!





-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Xara 3D Maker is solely designed to create the highest quality 3D text and graphics, such as headings, logos, titles and buttons. It's the perfect way to add impact to your web pages, mailshots, movies and presentations (all images are fully anti-aliased for that smooth, professional quality). Xara 3D Maker can also create awesome 3D animations in seconds - GIFs, AVIs and simple Flash movie sequences - and you can even enhance your desktop by saving any animation as a screensaver!

There's full control over every aspect of the appearance of the text, including alignment, sub & superscript, line spacing, tracking and kerning values for individual characters or over whole selections. You can also create non-text headings by importing 2D graphics as Windows metafiles (WMF and EMF) or Xara Xtreme/Xara Designer/Webster files (XAR and WEB) and extruding the outlines.

The many attributes such as bevel, color, fonts, textures, animation and text settings can be applied to individual letters or whole headings.The Style Picker allows you to easily grab any or all of the settings of an existing image and apply them to another. There are flexible interactive controls over the color and/or texture of every part of the image, and the background. 21 textures are included in the trial download, and over 400 in the full product. You can also import your own GIF or PNG files to use as foreground or background textures. Textures can be scaled, rotated and colored.

mages can be animated in many different ways, such as Rotate, Fade, Ripple, Pulsate, Step, Fade and Swing, using a simple interface. New in V7: headings can now scroll in and out. You can set the direction and speed, so for example an image could drift in slowly from the top and exit quickly right! Absolutely perfect for creating opening titles and closing credits for movies.