Emerald Twilight is a 1994 comic book story told in Green Lantern Volume 3 issues 48-50.  It was written by Ron Marz, and published by DC Comics. The story introduced a new Green Lantern, Kyle Rayner. 

In Green Lantern 46, as part of the Reign of the Supermen storyline, the extraterrestrial villain, Mongul, teams up with a Cyborg Superman. They use a series of bombs to destroy Hal Jordan's home city, Coast City, with the intention of using the area as one of four way-stations for a giant engine that would ultimately transform Earth into the massive spaceship Warworld. Hal Jordan returns to the city to find a massive fortress-engine standing in the ruins of his home and furiously attacks, hearing the voices of those killed crying out in his mind. The voices fall silent when Jordan defeats Mongul in battle. Hal also witnesses the return of Superman, who has defeated the Cyborg elsewhere in the city.

Issue 48 begins with Hal in the center of what used to be Coast City, clutching the remains of a doll, the only physical evidence of the seven million people who once lived there. In a moment of pure anguish, Hal uses his power ring to re-create Coast City, down to the people who had previously died, including his father. When his ringΓÇÖs energy runs out, one of the Guardians of the Universe contacts him via a holographic projection to tell him he is in violation of one of the principal rules of the Green Lantern Corps, which forbids Lanterns from using their rings for personal gain. Enraged, Hal siphons off the energy from the projection and makes his way to the GuardiansΓÇÖ planet Oa, with the intent of bleeding off all the energy from the Main Power Battery in order to permanently re-create Coast City. Issue 49 sees him going up against various members of the Green Lantern Corps, each of whom fell against Hal, until he got to Oa. Hal steals the rings from each defeated colleague and leaves them for dead.

Issue 50 sees Hal battle the renegade former Green Lantern Sinestro on Oa, who had been previously imprisoned in the Main Battery, but released by the Guardians to stop Jordan. Jordan kills Sinestro, as well as his fellow Green Lantern Kilowog. The Guardians, having realized that their cause was lost, had given all their remaining energy to the Guardian, Ganthet, who become the sole Guardian after this energy transference resulted in the death of the rest of them. Hal takes all the energy in the Central Power Battery, and when he emerged from it, he has a new costume and takes the name Parallax.

This torrent was created to honor a request.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
