


Mixbus™ is a full-featured Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) with "True Analog Mixing"™: a combination of Harrison's world-renowned sound and features in a knob-per-function interface. Mixbus™ provides a solution for engineers and mixers who need a recorder, editor and mixing system with world-class sound and features.

Mixbus Features:

    Straightforward “knob per function” mixer layout based on Harrison's renowned 32-series and MR-series music consoles.
    DSP sounds based on Harrison's world-renowned analog and digital mixing console experience.
    Precision algorithms for EQ, Filter, Compression, Analog Tape Saturation, and Summing.
    Unlimited stereo or mono input channels, each with unlimited plugins, sends, and hardware inserts. (limited only by CPU speed)
    Phase, Input trim, High-pass Filter, Sweepable 3-band EQ, Compression, and 8 Mix Bus sends on every track.
    8 Stereo Mix Buses featuring Tone controls, Compression, Sidechaining, and Analog Tape Saturation.
    Stereo Master Bus that features Tone controls, Analog Tape Saturation, K-meter, Stereo Correlation Meter, and Limiter.
    Automatic plugin delay compensation to support effects such as parallel compression without time misalignment.
    Comprehensive "at-a-glance" metering with peak, peak hold, and compressor gain reduction visible on every track and bus.
    Extensive DAW features via the Ardour Digital Audio Workstation, refined by Harrison engineers to be smooth and stable.
    Industry standard plugin support:  Mixbus loads VST plugins on Windows, AudioUnit plugins on OSX, and LV2 plugins on Linux.
    Industry standard audio I/O support:  Mixbus uses ASIO/Directsound on Windows, CoreAudio on OSX, and JACK on Linux.



OS X-specific changes:

KP_Enter ( Enter on the number pad ) was the default key to create a new marker. However this key was unmappable in previous versions of Mixbus on OS X. This has been fixed, so now KP_Enter will create a new marker at the playhead as intended.



REQUIREMENTS:

CPU Architecture:
Intel or PPC (G4/G5),   64bit or 32 bit
2+ cores/processors required

OS Version:
10.4.11 or newer, including 10.8 (Mountain Lion)

Audio:
Any CoreAudio-supported interface with duplex (audio in and out) operation.  User can create an OSX "aggregate" device to tie multiple devices into a single duplex device.


INSTALLATION:

• You need stuffItExpander or other extractor of your choice to extract the rar file

• Run DMG file

• Place Mixbus license file on your desktop
  When Mixbus opens it will find the licence

        •  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!


