Make the most of your time in Tyria with this comprehensive guide packed with tips and tactics, crucial info, and detailed analysis.	


------
The guide includes the following:


The Essential Companion

    Quick-Reference Map Stand Included - The perfect screenside reference for navigating Tyria. This freestanding atlas highlights waypoints, trainers, challenges, renown tasks, trading posts, and many other crucial locations. Find the points of interest you seek at a glance!
    Limited Edition Hardcover Strategy Guide - Features all the expert strategy, detailed analysis, and indispensable data from our Signature Series guide— showcased in a deluxe hardbound volume with exclusive cover art. A must-have collectible for serious Guild Wars fans.
    Bonus Digital Guide - Each Limited Edition contains a unique code granting free access to the digital edition of the strategy guide.

Strategy Guide Includes:

    Detailed Maps and World Coverage - Our maps guide you through the land of Tyria, identifying critical locations and characters. World chapters break down each region with data for waypoints, tasks, harvesting, and more.
    Comprehensive Profession Analysis - We detail each profession’s strengths and limitations, armor and weapon choices, skills, attributes, traits, and general play styles. Plus, we show you how to get the most from them in PvE and PvP.
    25-Level Walkthrough - We lead all races up to level 25 and beyond. Along the way, we cover basic and advanced concepts for battle, grouping, finding skill challenges, dealing with dynamic events, and more.
    Extensive Bestiary - We describe the best ways to engage the many creatures you’ll encounter, including where to find them, their common attacks, useful items they drop, and more.

THAT’S NOT ALL!

    Exclusive tips, interviews, and stories from ArenaNet’s Guild Wars 2 development team!
    Expert character-building guidance for both novices and seasoned veterans.
    Essential crafting coverage helps you make the items you need.
    Fascinating background on the Guild Wars universe, gorgeous artwork and imagery, and much more!


------


This is my first torrent, please tell me If you have any trouble to download. 