                     PART  418



             SHAKESPEARS SISTER  -  Stay  (1992)    
             SANDRA  -  Nights In White Satin  (1995)           
             MADONNA  - Frozen  (1998)




          "Stay" is a million plus selling 1992 single from British-based pop/rock/synth act Shakespears Sister. It was the second single release from their second album "Hormonally Yours" and is the duo's biggest hit. It topped the charts in various countries in 1992.  "Stay" reached No. 4 in the United States; one of the few British acts to dent the US Top 5 stateside in 1992. "Stay" was also the biggest-selling single by a British act in the UK in 1992. It is one of the longest running UK number ones in UK chart history (8 weeks), and the longest by an all-female group or duo. Top 10 success was emulated in the majority of the countries where it was released. The song is regarded as a classic and iconic track.The award-winning Sophie Muller directed the promo video for the single, the concept of which was inspired by the film Cat Women of the Moon.The video featured Detroit and Fahey fighting over a comatose man (played by Dave Evans) .The video won Best Video at the 1993 Music Week Awards and Brit Awards.
          "Nights in White Satin" is a 1967 single by The Moody Blues, written by Justin Hayward and first featured on the album "Days of Future Passed". In 1995, German singer Sandra recorded a version (Synthpop) which appears on her sixth studio album "Fading Shades".It was produced by Michael Cretu and received mixed reception from music critics. The song was released as the lead single in the spring of 1995, although it failed to match the success of Sandra's previous singles. The song entered the Top twenty in Finland and Australia, but in Germany, it reached a peak of eighty-six, becoming her least successful lead single in that country to date. In the United Kingdom, it failed to enter the chart. The music video, directed by Angel Hart, showed only close ups of Sandra's face as she was pregnant at the time. She even had to sit during the recording sessions of the album. 
         "Frozen" is a song by American singer-songwriter Madonna from her seventh studio album "Ray of Light". It was released as the lead single from the album on February 23, 1998 by Maverick Records. It was written by Madonna and Patrick Leonard. The song was produced by Madonna, William Orbit and Leonard and remixed by Victor Calderone.Musically, "Frozen" is an electronic ballad which talks about heartbreak. The song was described as one of Madonna's darkest and most personal songs. "Frozen" received extremely positive reviews from most music critics, who deemed it an album highlight. The song was a worldwide success, peaking at number two on the Billboard Hot 100, and number one on the dance charts on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play charts. It peaked at number one in the UK Singles Chart as well.
     