Crack not included as there is none Avail but can use demo for now. This works much better than the ver 3.

    Recovers photo and video files from any brand or type of memory card, using any card reader
    Includes card reformatting and secure deletion features
    Works with Mac or PC

Image Rescue® 4 Features

    Easy-to-use, one-step recovery process
    Automatic updates ensure compatibility
    Supports multiple languages

Try before you buy?

Click to Download Trial: WinXP, Vista, Windows 7
Click to Download Trial: Mac OSX
Reliable, One-Step Image Recovery for All Memory Cards

Lexar offers award-winning image recovery software that provides easy, reliable recovery of your valuable photos and videos, and has been trusted by professional photographers since its introduction.

Lexar® Image Rescue® 4 software is simple, intuitive image recovery software that can recover lost or deleted files from any type or brand of memory card, using any card reader—giving you peace of mind that your valuable photos and videos are not lost.*
Ultimate Functionality for Peace of Mind

Simple, Trusted Image Recovery. If you've ever accidentally deleted an image, experienced a card corruption, or had camera batteries fail while saving a picture, you know the results can be devastating. Trusted by professional photographers, Lexar Image Rescue software provides reliable image recovery of most popular file types, including JPEG, TIFF, RAW, MP4, AVI, and more. With one click, the software can recover files from any type of memory card, using any reader—helping you save your valuable photos and videos.

Award-Winning Innovation, Easy-to-Use Interface. Image Rescue 4 software offers award-winning innovation with a user-friendly interface that includes a simple, one-step recovery process. You can also use the software to reformat your card back to its original settings and securely delete images. What’s more, Image Rescue 4 is PC and Mac compatible, it supports multiple languages, and it performs automatic updates to ensure compatibility with the latest operating systems.                

Complete Your Digital Camera Solution. Whether you're a professional photographer capturing important moments for clients or a casual digital camera user shooting family snapshots, image recovery software is critical for restoring your lost or deleted files. An excellent complement to any memory card, Image Rescue 4 software provides peace of mind that your valuable photos and videos can be recovered.

Lexar offers a comprehensive line of innovative, award-winning memory products in several categories, including memory cards, card readers, USB flash drives, and portable backup drives. With so many options, it’s easy to find the right Lexar solution to fit your needs. 