ALMS American Le Mans Series race #5 - Mosport Ontario Canada - 22-July-2012

This is the 5th race of the ALMS racing season, held at Canadian Tire Motorsport 
Park, in Bowmanville, Ontario, Canada. The GRAND PRIX OF MOSPORT is a 2 hour 45 
minute timed event run over a 2.459 mile road course of 10 turns. Twelve ALMS 
Prototype entries and 17 GT class contenders were scheduled to compete in four 
separate classes. This race was streamed live over the net from start to finnish.
Then later the same day a shortened and delayed two hour version was broadcast in 
720p HDTV. This download is an edited version of that broadcast.

The race broadcast was supposed to start at the top of the hour, but it actually 
started four minutes early. At the critical moment the digital capture was 
configured and ready to go, but not running. It was only by good fortune that the 
process was started with only 30 seconds of initial video lost. As the HDTV 
broadcast began the race had already been running for several minutes and was in 
the middle of the 2nd Yellow Caution Period.  

This download is a .ISO file intended to be written directly to a blank 4.4GB DVD.
Then you can play it on your living room Blu-Ray console connected to your big 
screen HDTV. You can also play it on your computer DVD drive with appropriate 
software. The video is encoded in a hybrid format called BD5 that is compatible 
with all Blu-Ray console players but not likely any DVD consoles.

If you wish to play the download on your computer you can use a virtual DVD 
emulator utility, like the free DAEMONTools Lite, to "mount" the .ISO file as a 
temporary DVD drive. Then you can play the video directly using any Blu-Ray 
compatible media player. I often use the freely available DAPlayer. If you have 
the correct AVCHD CODECs installed then even Windows Media Player can be used.


Video: AVCHD H.264 720p 5789Kbps at 59.94Fps 
Audio: AC-3 6-channel Dolby 5.1 at 448Kbps and 48KHz
Duration: 1hr 34min.


If you enjoy watching this type of content then Please help seed this Torrent.

Enjoy!

