 http://www.nerdcoreforlife.com/

I didn't see this anywhere, so I bought it and here you go. Cheers.



"Two of the 21st century’s most powerful social forces; Hip-Hop and geek culture collide
head-on in the feature-length documentary, Nerdcore For Life. Born on the internet,
Nerdcore Hip-Hop is rap music made by geeks, for geeks and covers such traditionally
nerdy topics as comic books, video games, sci-fi, anime and technology. This new and
fascinating genre is founded on “Do It Yourself” ethics and most Nerdcore rappers create
their music on home PCs and disseminate their work for free on the internet.

Though it has existed on-line for almost a decade, only recently has Nerdcore gone from
being an internet fad to an underground cultural phenomenon. Filmed over the course
of two years, Nerdcore For Life profiles the top names in the genre as they celebrate
“geek Life” and their passion for hip hop to the fullest, fight anti-nerd stereotypes, and
attempt to overcome the common obstacles that block musicians of all types from
fulfilling their dreams. The documentary follows these dedicated artists as they go from
recording rhymes in their mother’s basement to performing live for thousands of
cheering fans. From their first song to their first MTV appearance, Nerdcore For Life
chronicles the amazing transformation of a group of unknown nerds into internet
celebrities and rising hip-hop stars.

In all, more than 40 Nerdcore artists and producers from across North America make
appearances in Nerdcore For Life, including:  MC Plus +, Ytcracker, The Lords of the
Rhymes, mc chris, Ultraklystron, Doctor Popular, MC Hawking, Nursehella, Optimus
Rhyme, Beefy, MC Router, Zealous1, Jesse Dangerously, mc chris, Shael Riley, Baddd
Spellah, MC Lars, Former Fat Boys, High-C, Nomad, The Sucklord, Monzy, Tanuki,
Krondor Krew, Maja and Schaffer The Darklord.

Nerdcore For Life was produced by Crapbot Productions and is distributed
internationally by Journeyman pictures.  The film premiered to a sold out crowd at the
Wisconsin film festival in March of 2008.  Other screenings include the New Orleans
Film Festival, the San Francisco Frozen Film Festival, The Atlanta Underground Film
Festival, The Philadelphia Independent Film Festival,  The Seattle True Independent
Film Festival, the Tucson Film and Music Festival, Glitched: The Dutch Nerdcore Event
and the 2008 Penny Arcade Expo."