Hi guys/galls.

(Other torrent did not seem to work)

So I was searching for a 1.04 update and I couldn't find it. I could just post a link to the place I found it on... except... I have no damn clue where I found it.

So first things first... 
I'd like to thank people from Reloaded team (and I do realize you guys hate P2P) And I know you won't read it... doesn't matter... you guys are a brilliant bunch and the least I can do is say a simple fucking thank you.

So again... Thank you.

What else...

I have a really shitty upload speed (can't afford a better one) i can only up at 50-60 KB and this one isn't a small file. (it's like 1.5 Gigs). So please, if it's not too much to ask seed the fucking thing.

There's a chance I fucked something up, so let me know.

I threw in a reloaded crack and a coalesced that will unlock all the bonus stuff. For your convenience I enigmatically called it "thrown In" folder. (bet you wouldn't crack that code) :). Oh I think that this coalesced will also unlock the stripper/dancer outfit.


If anyone will post "Seed"... I'll fucking find you and bitch slap you like a little fuck you obviously are. (just realized that I'm inviting whole bunch of ppl to ironically post "seed" Which is kind of funny when used sarcastically ):)


I didn't notice any change so don't ask me what this update does.
There's a chance you will not be able to get through some DLC moments, I have found three moments (both terminals in From ashes, trying to land on the planet searching for doc in leviathan, and going by a pod in Omega).
A fix is simple... Delete the "Bioware" folder, save your saves, than just move your saves back once the game create new folder. I think you gotta run the game once you delete bioware folder. I couldn't figure out where the code hides, but it is definitely in your documents.

if you got a firefight DLC you will see two missing weapon graphics... to fix that you need a multiplayer DLC (Devs must have fucked up)... What was it called... let me check...

[Quote]
p9kVs7-c17 	
  Post subject: Re: Mass Effect 3 ALL-DLC crack possiblities?   
Posted: Tuesday, 14 Aug 2012, 01:59   

Advanced forumer Завсегдатай
 

Joined: Sunday, 23 Mar 2008, 17:47
Posts: 225 	I have fixed it...
I've set them to private because, 
gets many times Bad Gateway or MySQL errors on my browsers.

Oh and if you want insert a F12 binding to unlock Firefight DLC Weapons,
I've tested that today on afternoon!
My modified DLC Coalesced.bin hasn't working!

but i hope you will have luck

EDIT:
To solve the problem with the two missing weapons....
install Resurgence and Rebellion Multiplayer-DLC's![/quote]


I think I got it off of some Russian site (got great memory... short though) :)




I think that's it I probably forgot something, but hey [fake Italian accent]Wacha' gonna' do[/fake italian accent]
 So be good now 
And take care

