Medical Bound Enema Training vol. 1-7

 

Description from vol 1:

 

Wenona wakes bound to the bed and the evil doctor Gina enters and explains that she has been sent to the bondage clinic in hope that enemas and bondage will break her rebellious spirits. Stripped and put through a series of tough positions with enema insertions, butt plugs, vaginal plugs, and anal strap on training. Rope and leather bondage with lots of struggling and protesting.Lena Ramon is delivered to Gina Rae to be sold into slavery. Fina is asked to use her special enema therapy to prepare Lena for her new owners. Once in the cell, spunky Lena is overpowered by Gina and her evil side kick. She is given enemas and butt plugs in the hopes of making her more cooperative. Feisly Lena fights it all the way. Will Lena ever conform and become the perfect slave?Charity DiCarlo goes to see a new doctor and is shocked by the changes in medical practice at this new clinic. She is groped by the doctor, bound by the nurse. She is given an enema and douche before being forced to orgasm. Submissive Charity endures lots of humiliation without saying a word and once her ordeal is over, the confused patient is set free and handed a bill.These three sexy girl on girl medial enema humiliation stories contain bondage,tight gags, enema insertions without expulsion, and female domination, This is a great addition to your medical video collection..

 

Covers and descriptins for each title:

 

Medical Bound Enema Training 01
 
http://www.hustlerstore.com/medical-bound-enema-training-mjbddvd01.html

 

Medical Bound Enema Training 02
 
http://www.hustlerstore.com/medical-bound-enema-training-02-mjbddvd04.html

 

Medical Bound Enema Training 03
 
http://www.hustlerstore.com/medical-bound-enema-training-03-mjbddvd06.html

 

Medical Bound Enema Training 04
 
http://www.hustlerstore.com/medical-bound-enema-training-04-road-mjbddvd08.html

 

Medical Bound Enema Training 05


 

Medical Bound Enema Training 06
 
http://www.hustlerstore.com/medical-bound-enema-training-06-mjbddvd11.html

 

Medical Bound Enema Training 07
 
http://www.hustlerstore.com/medical-bound-enema-training-07-mjbddvd13.html

 

 

And if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  

 

Cheers  :-) 

 
