The Garage (1979) 
Garazh (original title)
101 min  -  Comedy | Drama | Thriller  -   26 August 1988 (East Germany)
Ratings: 7.9/10 from 1,042 users   

The members of a Soviet cooperative have pooled their money to have a badly needed parking garage built. But it turns out that the garage will have four fewer spaces than planned. In brutal Soviet style, the four least-well connected members are evicted from the cooperative in a mock vote, losing their entire investment. But one member, Malayeva, does the unthinkable. As if taking on the entire corrupt Soviet system, she quixotically locks down the meeting room and throws away the key. Chaos reigns through the night until the privileged are forced to negotiate for the first time in their lives. A madcap, rollicking, biting satire that Brezhnev banned.

Director: Eldar Ryazanov
Writers: Emil Braginskiy, Eldar Ryazanov

Cast
Cast overview, first billed only:
 	Liya Akhedzhakova	 ...	
Malayeva
 	Iya Savvina	 ...	
Anikeyeva
 	Svetlana Nemolyaeva	 ...	
Guskov's Wife
 	Valentin Gaft	 ...	
Sidorin
 	Georgiy Burkov	 ...	
Vitaly Fetisov
 	Vyacheslav Nevinnyy	 ...	
Karpukhin
 	Andrey Myagkov	 ...	
Khvostov
 	Leonid Markov	 ...	
Smirnovsky
 	Igor Kostolevskiy	 ...	
Miloserdov's Son
 	Olga Ostroumova	 ...	
Marina
 	Anastasia Voznesenskaya	 ...	
Kushakova
 	Gleb Strizhenov	 ...	
Yakubov
 	Borislav Brondukov	 ...	
The Groom
 	Semyon Farada	 ...	
Trombon player
 	Natalya Gurzo	 ...	
Natasha

Quotes

[Sidorin offers to expell Anikeeva] 
Anikeeva: What? You're betraying me? 
Sidorin: Betraying on time is not betraying. It's foreseeing. 
Share this quote
Professor: I demand for my protest to be written down into the protocol! 
Chairman Sidorin: We'll remember your protest, Professor, but we can't write itdown, for the protocol was eaten. 
Share this quote
Marina: I beg you, don't tell me your name. You will forever remain for me the son of Miloserdov. 
Share this quote
Market Director: If a woman with looks like that is fighting for justice, it's a safe bet she's single. 
Share this quote
Anikeeva: Let the minutes reflect the sale of our Motherland. 