[HandsOnHardcore] Mira Sunset (Working Woman's Meat Injection! / 01.11.2012)

It’s late and Mira is still not at home! Ever since she got that new job, she keeps such late hours. Oh well, thinks Choky, I’ll just
take care of this boner by wanking to a magazine...but then luckily Mira gets home just in time, like the cavalry riding to the rescue of his cock!
Still fully dressed in the clothes she wore to the late night conference at her office, she takes hold of his hard-on and crams it into her mouth.
She knows that “all work and no spray make Jane a dull lay” so she immediately gets down to reminding herself, and Choky, that although she may be
a high-powered attorney now that she's passed her bar exam, she’s also one hell of a hot cocksucker and dickfucker! She loves to work hard but she
needs regular meat injections too. Still wearing her glasses, she succumbs to his touch as he slides off her dress and bra so that he can suck her
tits. He plays with her pussy, slipping his fingers into the gathering wetness within. He eats her clam, finally getting her to take off her glasses
(!) , and then she’s ready to flip into the sixty-nine position. She sucks him deeply again and then rides his dick, going all cowgirl on his shaft
as she leans over and rubs her black panties on his face. But more cocksucking is clearly called for, and Mira moves herself down to his crotch and
worships his meat, taking it between her lips, licking it with her tongue, and grasping it with both hands between her French-manicured fingers.
Choky licks her some more too...then she gets under his cock and laps at his nuts...and then they fuck spoon-style, before Mira climbs back on top
of his rod and lets him stuff her asshole! Yes, her demanding new work schedule also demands exciting relaxation activities...like getting banged in
the bungie and then creamed all over her smooth shaven mound by the shiny tip of his enormous cock! As the spray dries on her snatch, they cuddle
and kiss and fall into a deep, relaxing sleep.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=0rav02teh3xyjiy3v980.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=xtq25dnlr8w6zmk8tbq0.jpg