I am providing important films in ISO for the film buff or novice film historian. It is nearly impossible to find torrent files that include all the extras or even important commentaries. These files are from my collection of DVDs that I have made from rented movies over the last seven years or so. Nearly all of them have been put onto a DVD5, so unfortunately I do not have an uncompressed source handy.  That said I can assure you that these look GREAT on larger screens. I chose to make them this size for economy as DVD9s were $3 each when I started this and DVD5s were .25 cents each. Now I am working on putting some of the best ones on a hard drive to be played with my HD TV Media Player and am still thinking economy is the best rule as these are half the size of ripping a DVD9. This is the best quality for the value.

Look for my other torrents of full DVDs . . . I would love some productive feedback.


This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This file includes EVERYTHING the original DVD has:

1962
80 minutes
Black and White
1.33:1
Spoken Language: Swedish, English (dubbed)
Subtitles: English

*Exploring the film: Video discussion with Ingmar Bergman biographer Peter Cowie
*Original theatrical trailer
*Optional English-dubbed soundtrack
*New and improved English subtitle translation

SYNOPSIS:  
God, why did you desert me? With Winter Light, master craftsman Ingmar Bergman explores the search for redemption in a meaningless existence. In this stark depiction of spiritual crisis, small-town pastor Tomas Ericsson (Gunnar Bjornstrand) performs his duties mechanically before a dwindling congregation. When he is asked to assist with a troubled parishioners (Max von Sydow) debilitating fear of nuclear annihilation, Tomas is terrified to find that he can provide nothing but his own uncertainty. Beautifully photographed by Sven Nykvist, Winter Light is an unsettling look at the human craving for personal validation in a world seemingly abandoned by God.

Winter Light is often considered the second film in a trilogy (Trilogy of Faith), the first film being Through a Glass Darkly and the third The Silence. All three films focus on spiritual issues. These three films deal with reduction. Through a Glass Darkly - conquered certainty. Winter Light - penetrated certainty. The Silence - Gods silence - the negative imprint. Therefore, they constitute a trilogy. In an interview in 1969 Bergman stated that these three films had originally not been intended as a trilogy, he only regarded them as such in retrospect due to their similarity.

I HAVE ALL THREE TORRENTS POSTED.