Follow my uploads here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: Android 2.2+
Overview: Throw, hit and drop them! The greatest casual network battle game!

Pick up the gauntlet; repair the worst offenses. Explore your ninja finger ability. Sharpen your eyesight. This is not a mere game. 'Swing-shoot' your opponents to oblivion, and come out victorious, the ultimate top monkey-panda-sloth of the jungle!
Have you ever wanted to throw a beehive at a monkey ? Make a sloth fall down with a pineapple ? Wonder what sound they'd make ? Do you miss being the sling-shot king of the neighborhood ? Satisfy those inner desires and make them reality. For added contentedness, all of it is real-time ! Try out your hand at an all-new network battle in Swing Shot !

★ Game in English!
Also in French, German, Japanese, Korean and Chinese.
So you can throw rocks in many languages.

✔Comic and simple play!
Everyone can play: just touch & drag!
Life-like movements of the animals.

✔Exciting Network Battles through various modes !
Enjoy and good ol' fashioned row in
Be efficient, sleek and deadly in
And just get insane in

✔Unique features in Arcade Mode!
Build up your skills in the 4 worlds and 48 stages Arcade mode.
Hit the enemies hung on balloons!
Don't miss the cowards hiding behind rocks! They really deserve it.

✔Strong and dependable upgrade system
Add various animal friends and upgrade their status!
Basic monkeys, swift raccoons, sniper bears, one-shot-one-kill sloths, and the all-powerful supporter panda!
Get stronger sticks to help you withstand enemy attack longer.

What's in this version:
★1.0.4 Updates★
- Play environment improved
- Fixed other minor bugs


                                By bobiras2009		