No need to install,
No need to put serials and cracks to get the full version, (already done it for you).
No unnecessary registry changes,
No boring installation of tool-bars in your browser,
This makes a portable version a better version.

HyperSnap is the fastest and easiest way to take screen captures from Windows screen and full screen games, and text capture (TextSnap) from places where normal text copy is not possible. HyperSnap combines the power of a first-class screen capture application with an advanced image editing utility - wrapped into one easy-to-use tool!

It's perfect for capturing images that you want to include in your Help system, online tutorials, manuals, training handouts, presentations, marketing materials, Web pages, emails and more. Captures screens from full-screen games using DirectX/Direct3D technology. Use HyperSnap to quickly share a picture-perfect representation of anything on your screen.

HyperSnap is versatile and extremely easy-to-use. You can switch between modern "ribbon" interface shown on the image above, or tranditional menu and toolbars.

HyperSnap v.7 is compatible with 32 bit and 64 bit releases of Windows 7, Vista, XP, and their corresponding Windows Server editions.

Top Features

Image captures from any where on the screen or multiple monitors, in any shape or size.
New & powerful image capture, editing, annotation and manipulation tools. Objects drawn over images can now be selected, edited, shown and hidden, moved, deleted any time. A new native file format saves the objects drawn for further editing later, or save a standard image and have the object "imprinted" permanently on them.
Unlimited undo/redo.
NOTE: TextSnap is no longer supported for new programs using accellerated graphics or running under Windows 8.
TextSnapΓäó feature to capture editable text from almost anywhere on the screen. Can also capture tab-delimited data for easy paste into MS Excel.
Snags also those difficult-to-grab screens from DirectXΓäó and GlideΓäó games.
Capture dropdown menus and lists with hotkey feature or delayed capture.
Image stamps, frames, drop shadow, free-hand capture, FTP server uploads, more.
Automatic color substitution.
Non-rectangular window capture.
Button Capture - perfect for professional technical writers who need to snap and document dozens of buttons!
Auto-scrolls and concurrently captures long web pages and other. documents, enabling it to grab more than is visible on the screen.
Tightly integrates with the MS Windows clipboard to automate repetitive tasks - will even automatically PASTE capture images where needed!
Automatically saves your captures to graphics files.
Doubles as effective image viewer, format converter (over 20 image formats supported).
Fully customizable user interface. Rearrange menus and toolbars any way you want, assign any keyboard shortcuts you like, tear off menus to create instant toolbars, even control HyperSnap with voice commands!
Extended Window Capture function when running on Windows XP or newer. Resizes a window to be much bigger than the screen before the capture - in one quick step, no auto-scrolling.

Much, much more!.

New Enhancements

For a detailed list of enhancements in each new version see Change Log. And note that with a purchase of HyperSnap version 7 license you get all future releases 7.xx, with any new features added to them, for FREE!

System requirements

Any computer running Windows XP, 2003 Server, Vista, Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 (including R2) or newer, 32 bit and 64 bit releases. 100 MB of free disk space is needed to install the program (about 25 MB is actually used after the installation finishes).