The Nerdist

Comic-Con
Season: 2 Episode: 1 
Air Date: 28 July - 2012

Every year, thousands of nerds converge in beautiful San Diego, where they shun the sunny skies and head indoors for the biggest comic book convention in the world: Comic-Con. In “The Nerdist: Comic-Con”, Chris Hardwick and his crack team of nerd experts do their best to piece together what happened at this year’s event. The special features interviews with “Doctor Who’s” Matt Smith, Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill at Comic-Con, with in-studio guest appearances from Damon Lindel of (“Lost”, “Star Trek”) and John Barrowman (“Torchwood,” “Doctor Who”).

If you are in the USA you can watch The Nerdist on the BBC America Channel
If you are in Canada you can watch The Nerdist on the Space Channel

The Team:

Chris Hardwic: 
Chris is a comedian, writer, “Doctor Who” fan, web pundit and self-proclaimed nerd, and was named one of Time magazine’s “140 most influential people on Twitter.” He writes for WIRED magazine, contributes to “Attack of the Show,” makes regular appearances on “Chelsea Lately,” “The Soup,” and “The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.” His Nerdist podcast was named one of the best comedy podcasts by Rolling Stone and is a top 10 comedy podcast on iTunes. Hardwick’s Nerdist Empire extends beyond the podcast and @nerdist on Twitter to include the popular blog Nerdist.com and his new book, The Nerdist Way, from publisher The Penguin Group.

Jonah Ray: 
Jonah is an American actor, writer, and comedian who recently appeared on Conan. He also hosted “Joe Genius,” an online program about humor and homegrown science.  Jonah currently writes and produces for “The Soup” on E!.

Matt Mira: 
Matt’s an American podcast host and a stand-up comedian. He is also the gadget guru for G4 network’s “Attack of the Show.”

Mike Phirman: 
Mike is an American comedian, musician, and music producer.  He is best known for inventing the G#.  Mike is a comedy musician who strives to bridge the gap between traditional music and toaster leavings.


43:58 Min . 768 x 432 . 16-9
Bitrate - 1000 kbps . FPS - 29.97
Codec - x264 . Container - MKV
Format Profile - High@L4.0 . two pass
Audio - MP3 - 128 Kbps CBR - 48.0 KHz - Stereo
Tested using the free VLC media player
.