Contains:
Angry Birds Classic v2.3.0 Premium Full
Angry Birds Rio v1.4.4 Premium Full
Angry Birds Seasons v3.0.0 Premium Full
Angry Birds Space v1.3.0 Premium Full

Descriptions:

Angry Birds Classic
The survival of the Angry Birds is at stake. Dish out revenge on the green pigs who stole the BirdsΓÇÖ eggs. Use the unique powers of the Angry Birds to lay waste to the pigsΓÇÖ confounding constructions. Angry Birds features challenging, physics-based demolition gameplay with hours and hours of replay value. Each of the 240+ levels requires logic, skill, and brute force to crush the enemy.

Angry Birds Rio 
The Angry Birds have been captured, caged, and taken to Rio! There they meet new friends, and work together to make their escape from a desolate grey warehouse to the lush green jungle. Help the Angry Birds escape and beat their captors by bombarding the evil marmosets and smashing all obstacles in the way!

Angry Birds Seasons
Angry Birds Seasons is the gift that keeps on giving! Get into the spirit of Halloween, Christmas, Valentine's Day, St.Patrick's Day, Easter and more upcoming seasonal varieties of Angry Birds. These special episodes offer more challenging levels of pig-popping action and golden eggs to discover.

Angry Birds Space
The chase is on! After a giant claw kidnaps their eggs, the Angry Birds chase it into a wormhole and find themselves floating in a strange new galaxy ΓÇô surrounded by space pigs! Luckily the Angry Birds have super powers of their ownΓÇª

Angry Birds Space introduces you to new adventures on planets and in zero gravity, resulting in spectacular gameplay ranging from slow-motion puzzles to lightspeed destruction. With brand new birds, brand new superpowers, and a whole galaxy to explore, the sky is no longer the limit!

Also featuring the DANGER ZONE, the most difficult Angry Birds levels ever! Can you master the Danger Zone?


Minimum System Requirements:

OS All Windows
RAM 512MB
CPU 1 GHz
Graphic OpenGL 1.3 compatible

Install:

- install and play
- enjoy!

Please continue to seed for as long as possible. Thanks...