The Rampaging Hulk is a black-and-white magazine published by Curtis Magazines (an imprint of Marvel Comics) from 1977ΓÇô1978.  With issue 10, it changed its format to color (utilizing "Marvelcolor",) and its title to The Hulk!, and ran another 17 issues before folding in 1981.  It was a rare attempt by Marvel to mix their superhero characters with the "mature readers" black-and-white magazine format.

With the change to color and the title to The Hulk!, the magazine became Marvel's attempt to cash in on the popularity of The Incredible Hulk TV series, starring Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno, both of whom were prominently featured and interviewed over the course of the magazine's run, as was executive producer Kenneth Johnson.

Volume 1 featured fully painted covers by such artists as Ken Barr, Earl Norem, and Joe Jusko.  One cover in particular, painted by Norem, is one of the most iconic promotional/poster images of the Hulk:  a darkly-lit close-up of his face, gritting his teeth with his knuckles raised, done for The Hulk! 17.
Artists such as Walter Simonson, John Buscema, Howard Chaykin, John Romita, Sr., John Romita, Jr. (doing some of his first professional work), Keith Pollard, Jim Starlin, Joe Jusko, Bill Sienkiewicz, Val Mayerik, Herb Trimpe, Roger Stern, Brent Anderson, and Gene Colan provided interior artwork; while writers such as Starlin, Doug Moench, Dennis O'Neill, and Archie Goodwin took on the scripting chores.

Through its run, the magazine published backup features starring Ulysses Bloodstone (issues 1ΓÇô6, 8) Man-Thing (issue 7) and even Shanna, The She-Devil (issue 9).  Moon Knight was featured in issues 11ΓÇô15, 17ΓÇô18, and 20, featuring some of Bill Sienkiewicz' early work, when his style was similar to that of Neal Adams.

This whole series has some stunning artwork, fantastic cover art, and a few memorable stories, too.  In Rampaging Hulk 4, a wizard named Chen Kan transports the Hulk across space to his dying world, which has been overrun by demon hordes.  Kan needs the Hulk to attain a mystical object of power called, The Star Of Catalax, but he finds the "Hulk smash" persona quite irritating.  Chen Kan attempts to merge this personality along with Banner's, and winds up with a wise guy, "Mr. Big" Grey Hulk persona.

Other Marvel mainstays also appeared.  The X-Men are featured in issue 2, and Hulk confronts The Avengers in issue 9.

With issue 24, the title returned to black-and-white, though it published the last Dominic Fortune backup story in full color.  The magazine was retired with issue 27.

This torrent contains ALL issues mentioned above + ALL six issues of Volume 2.

Enjoy, and please seed.

NOTE:  These are not my scans, merely my humble compilation of them.  All praise and glory to the original scnners, please.