Welcome to a new experience in gameplay mechanics: Beat Hazard. Gameplay Powered by YOUR Music!
Experience your music collection like never before with this intense music driven arcade shooter. Each of your songs will have its own unique ebb and flow based on the music. Power up your spaceship and watch as the music boosts your firepower. Unleash hell on the enemy ships when you max out with weapon pickups! Beat Hazard seamlessly mixes the love of gaming and music. Together they become greater than the sum of their parts.
Beat Hazard Ultra DLC adds awesome new features to Beat Hazard, taking the game to the next level. More games mode, enemies and bosses. Play online Head to Head or Co-op. Unlock and upgrade perks and customize your set-up to suit your play style.

Unique music driven gameplay
Gameplay possibilities as vast as your music collection
Can you last a whole album in Survival Mode?
Go Head to Head in local 2 player mode
Or play local 2 player Co-op
25 Steam achievements
Compete against friends on Steam leader boards
Get real time updates via the in game News System
Take on huge boss ships
Power up and unleash the deadly Beat Hazard weapon
Rank up to an Elite rated pilot and beyond (Can you survive Suicidal mode?)
Includes a kicking rock album to get you started
File types supported: mp3/wav/aiff/ogg/mwa/flac
iTunes, aac, mp4 and m4a support via a download for a small fee (to cover patented decoder licensing costs)

Ultra features:
Power-up with 3 new tactical weapons: Micro Missiles, Reflect Shield and Ultra Beam.
Online play; Co-op and Head to Head
New bosses and enemy ships
New perk system with 3 kick ass weapon upgrades
Boss Rush Mode
New achievements & Leaderboards
1.5 hours of cool new Indie tracks
And now turn it up to 200% visual feedback! Yikes! (Or turn it down to 50% if you wish)
------------------------------
Changes:
Important fixes for Radio support
Fixed radio corrupt save bug
Premium radio station will now work
Radio does not pause when game paused
Less stalls when radio played
No scrobbling of music played in menus
No scrobbling of radio adverts
Fixes to Perk achievement bugs
Fix for zero progress on track info

------------------------------
System requirements:
Windows XP/Vista/7
DirectX 9
2 GHz
512 MB RAM