
Kiss - Dynasty Sessions - the Making of Dynasty

Recorded in the studio during the making of Dynasty in early 1979, this gem truly captures how Kiss created the songs and put the album in the charts.
Althought the sound quality is B-, the uniqueness of the recording makes it worth to share with friends.


A contemporary review stated: “The latest by KISS represents its first studio album as a group since ‘Love Gun’ in 1977. In between were a live album, a greatest hits package as well as the four solo outings. With ‘Dynasty,’ the kings of theatrical rock show a maturation in its music as the emphasis is on the song and melody lines instead of bombastic guitar riffs and relentless mayhem. The single, ‘I Was Made For Lovin’ You,’ has a subtle disco beat, while the other tracks are mainstream rockers paced by the interplay of bassist Gene Simmons, guitarist Paul Stanley, drummer Peter Criss and lead guitarist Ace Frehley” (Billboard, 6/9/79). There is a certain amount of honesty in that review.
Dynasty certainly took the band where they had never been before with what would become only their second Gold-certified single, in the form of “I Was Made For Lovin’ You,” which was released in May 1979. It is interesting to note that the single did not even manage to go top 10 in the US, only reaching #11 with 16 weeks on the charts. The single’s success was greater outside of America, where in many markets it reached #1 or #2. Paul was happy enough to stay positive about the song and its roots, stating, “It’s been a huge success. It’s the biggest selling single we’ve had in the world to date and I thought with everything going on with dancing and with disco. I didn’t think that doing a full ahead disco beat would be bad if it was a good song. You know some of the early Motown stuff, The Four Tops kind of thing, those were basically the same kind of beat. I think if the music is good it really doesn’t matter what kind it is, I think that bad heavy metal music is as bad as bad disco. Bad music is bad music, if it’s good that’s all that matters” (3XY).

Please enjoy, share with friends and seed :)
