Sniper Elite V2 is the eagerly-awaited sequel to the highly-acclaimed  
Sniper Elite, giving gamers the most authentic World War II sniping    
experience available. You are elite US sniper Karl Fairburne.          
Parachuted into Berlin amidst the GermansÂ’ final stand, your mission is
to prevent Nazi V2 rocket program technology from falling into the      
hands of the besieging Red Army. You must aid key scientists keen to    
defect to the US, and terminate those who would help the Russians.      
                                                                     
Take advantage of authentic weaponry, learn how to stalk your targets,  
fortify your position, set up the shot, use your skill, patience and    
cunning to achieve your mission. Stealth gameplay is the key as you    
find yourself trapped between two desperate armies in a race against    
time. Watch as the celebrated "bullet cam" from Sniper Elite returns,  
bloodier and more gruesome than ever - skilful shots are rewarded with  
a slow-motion flight of the bullet, then targets are graphically        
rendered in X-Ray as the bullet enters and destroys your victim. Organs
shred, bones splinter, teeth shatter, as the true impact of the        
sniper's bullet is brought to life.                                    
                                                                     
As World War Two ends and the Cold War begins, every shot counts. Use  
it wisely.  

Sniper Elite V2 System Requirements

OS: Microsoft® Windows® Vista (Service Pack 2) or Windows® 7 (Windows® XP is NOT supported)

CPU: Dual-core CPU with SSE3 (Intel® Pentium® D 3GHz / AMD Athlon™ 64 X2 4200) or better

GPU RAM: 256 MB of memory and DirectX® 10 compatible graphics card

GPU: NVIDIA® GeForce® 8800 series / ATI Radeon™ HD 3870 or better

RAM: 2GB system memory

HDD: 10GB of free drive space

AUDIO: Microsoft® DirectX® 10.0 compatible sound card or better

DX: Microsoft® DirectX® 11.0


INSTALLATION:    
:~~~~~~~~~~~~                                        
1-Run the SETUP.BAT of your language,like SETUP.BAT for english
2-Wait 100 min.
3-Play with SniperEliteV2.exe located in the bin folder


NOTE:THIS GAME IS IN MULTIPLE LANGUAGES SO RUN THE SETUP.BAT OF YOUR LANGUAGE

When you run the game for the first time your gonna get a video that you can't skip,let it finish and the game will start,Close the game and go to the game folders n look for the one name FMV.Your gonna delete the file name rebelion.bik and rename the file rebellion.bak to rebellion.bik
[This is so when you launch the game you don't have to see the video again]