P. T. Deutermann - Cam Richter series (Thrillers) Epub, Mobi


The Cat Dancers (2005)
 (The first book in the Cam Richter series)
 A novel by P T Deutermann
 
When two lowlifes rob a North Carolina gas station, murder the attendant, and incinerate bystanders, local police quickly arrest the killers at a nearby motel.
 
But a stubborn judge dismisses the case because the suspects were not read their rights, and the sheriff's office and Lieutenant Cam Richter must face the anger of the victims' families. Soon thereafter, an internet video shows one of the murderers being executed in a homemade electric chair with a voice announcing, "That's one." Facing intense pressure to find the vigilante, Cam's search leads him to western North Carolina and a group who call themselves "the cat dancers" - so named because they track the last wild mountain lions in the region to their dens, where they photograph the animals face to face, or die trying. Cam must hunt this group and the deadly cats they seek, or become their next target.
 

Spider Mountain (2006)
 (The second book in the Cam Richter series)
 A novel by P T Deutermann
 
Cam Richter is back in the Smoky Mountains of North Carolina, this time in pursuit of the secretive and evil Creigh Clan. Led by Grinny Creigh and her son, Nathan, the gang controls the methamphetamine trade in this part of Appalachia, but they operate a much worse enterprise on the side, involving abandoned and abused children. Richter and special agent Carrie Santangelo of the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation uncover their secret while experiencing first hand how much power the Creighs have, and why they've been able to get away with it for so long. Nonstop action, frightening night pursuits through the mountains, and a shocking finale make this one of Deutermann's best to date.
 

The Moonpool (2008)
 (The third book in the Cam Richter series)
 A novel by P T Deutermann
 
A private detective working in Wilmington, North Carolina, is found dead in a gas-station restroom, apparently poisoned. But when her body sets off radiation alarms in the pathologist's office, suspicion falls on the nearby Helios nuclear power plant, a heavily guarded facility with supposedly failsafe procedures.
 
As the FBI, local police, and the power plant's own security team investigate, ex-cop Cam Richter, head of the agency that employed the dead woman, begins his own inquiries. What was his detective investigating? And how could one person be poisoned by radiation without others being exposed?
 
Cam soon finds himself up against powerful forces that will stop at nothing to keep the plant's problems secret. The most vulnerable part of Helios is its “moonpool”—the radioactive storage pond that cools spent but volatile reactor fuel and must be kept completely full. Racing against time, Cam discovers an inside threat, which will use the plant's own systems to begin an unstoppable, disastrous sequence of events.
 
The Moonpool is a terrific thrill-ride, filled with insider details about the ultimate terrorist threat and how it might unfold.
 

Nightwalkers (2009)
 (The fourth book in the Cam Richter series)
 A novel by P T Deutermann
 
Cam Richter steps back from his too-eventful detective service and seeks more peaceful pastures in the North Carolina countryside. He buys a seven hundred acre ante-bellum plantation, and immediately finds himself the target of a killer who holds him responsible for something Cam is pretty sure he never did. As he tries to find out why someone wants him dead, he discovers that the history of the plantation has come back to visit. Cam will need all of his resources, including his redoubtable German shepherd companions, to stay alive as he deals with a determined stalker, some very eccentric people, and all the entanglements of a place suddenly alive with secrets and the fruits of a bloody past.
 

Enjoy! 