Please help seed!

Instructions:
-------------------
1. Download.
2. Extract.
3. Copy extracted folders to your WoW/Interface/AddOns folder.
- Both Horde and Alliance folders are included, if you don't play both, don't worry, WoW will only load the appropriate guide.
4. Launch WoW.
5. Once you are logged in and at your character screen, click the AddOns button and make sure that ZygorGuidesViewer and ZygorTalentAdvisor are checked.
6. Launch the game and enjoy.

Bug Fixes:
-------------------

-- Alliance Guides Change Log --
LEVELING
Updated the Deepholm and Uldum guide for improved leveling flow and error fixes.

EVENTS
Added Trial to the Childrens Week Events

-- Horde Guides Change Log --
EVENTS
Added Trial to the Childrens Week Events

Zygor Guides Info:
-------------------
The Cataclysm is upon us! Level from 1-85 now with the fastest, most feature rich guide in the world.

Completely Redesigned Minimalist User Interface. Switch Between Full or Mini View Modes, the choice is yours
4 Full 1-60 Guides For Kalimdor & Eastern Kingdoms. 40 Zones Covered, 12 More Than Competing Guides
2 Full 60-70 Guides For Outland and Northrend
5 Full 80-85 Guides For All Cataclysm Zones
Goblin and Worgen Starter Guides Included
In-Game Talent Build Advisor For All Skill Trees
Built In Waypoint Arrow, No TomTom Or Other Addons Needed
NEW! Loremaster Achievement Guide
All Dailies Covered for both Cataclysm and Wrath of the Lich King.
Covers all Prerequisites Required To Unlock Dailies including full zone guides for Uldum and Deepholm.
Speed Gold Runs Make You Over 300 Gold In Just An Hour
Includes All 10 Seasonal Events Needed For The What A Long, Strange Trip It's Been Achievement
Get Your Crusader Title And Earn Epic & Heirloom Items 
-------------------

Haven't seen one up in a while on here or TPB, so I figured I'll do it if people want it - so please seed and comment!

Since its been a while I only have the fix list from this update, but you may see other changes in-game from previous ones.