FTL: Faster Than Light v.102.6

Version 1.02.6 EditRelease Date: 2012-09-30 

■Fixed some texture rendering issues on Mac OS X and older Windows/Linux machines 
■Fullscreen - FTL Native Resolution fixed to accurately provide the pre-1.02 Fullscreen method for older PCs 
■Tough Little Ship Achievement fixed 
■Fixed exploit that allowed player crew to walk through enemy blast doors, which is also a potential fix for the AI bug of walking through walls/doors (Thanks Unlucky Scarecrow!) 
■Defense Drones Don't Do D'Anything and Master of Patience Achievements potentially fixed 
■Protection against quests spawning at unreachable nodes 
■Crystal Weapons / Missile Weapons will accurately state the number of shots they fire per cooldown 
■Minor UI help - clearer tooltips for Cloaking/Teleporting and hotkey numbers for drones 
■More event/descriptions/tooltip typos fixed 
Version 1.02.5 EditRelease Date: 2012-09-27 

■Restored functionality to those that don't support certain OpenGL features 
■Fixed Zoltan shield display 
■Added some additional logging/overrides to help in support 
New Content: 

■Slug random encounter: overhear two slug ships in a nebula. If you eavesdrop on their comms chatter, you get a quest marker. 
■(Need more info!) 
Version 1.03 EditCompatibility Changes: 

■Older laptops experiencing "overly pixelated" or distorted images should now function 
■MacBooks with ATI X1600 video cards will potentially function both in fullscreen and windowed. I do not have access to a MacBook with that video card, so if you're experiencing that problem please update me! 
■Mac OS X version now implements Left-Ctrl+Left-Click to be equivalent to Right-Click 
Fullscreen Changes: 

■Fullscreen stretch now works differently and should be more effective at properly "stretching" to fill your screen 
■Monitors that support 2560x1440 should be properly scaling and look much better (I'm jealous) 
■Monitors with resolutions less than 1280x720 may now function in Fullscreen Stretched depending on your OpenGL support 
■A more elaborate manual mode is available for tweaking your desired resolution effect within settings.ini 
Additional Video Settings: 

■V-Sync can be activated within options mode. Depending on your system, you still might need to force it on or off from your video card control panel as well. 
■Frame limiting is also available from the options. Between the two (V-Sync vs. Frame Limiting), pick the one that works best for you to balance performance and cpu use. 
Additional Game Settings: 

■Within options you can enable paths to be drawn when hovering over a beacon. 
■Dialog keys will now have a brief delay before they are active, this can be disabled within the options. 
Other Bugs: 

■Start Crash Fix: Sometimes unidentified USB devices could cause FTL to fail to start 
■Removed bugged weapon from the secret sector 
■Moving crewmembers will still teleport assuming they are in the room of their final destination 
■Killing the crew of an enemy ship will count as defeating it for stats 
■Selling the Zoltan Energy shield will no longer be bugged 
■Federation Ship will properly unlock on victory (and will unlock retroactively for those that experienced this bug) 
■Secret Cruiser Type B stealth imagery has been fixed 
■Fixed situation where a defense drone could become permanently powered 
■Energy Shield can no longer be damaged while jumping, preventing it from properly recharging 
■Fixed: Ion Storm and Nebula effects would disappear at beacons where you leave behind an enemy 
■Saving in sector maps can no longer sometimes cause you to skip a sector 
■Excess error message repeats removed 
■Repeated "victory" in Sector 1 after restart fixed 
■Possible fix for disappearing quests after Save & Quit 
■Possible fix for enemies jumping away despite destroyed piloting 
■Fixed freezing enemy AI when low on health and medbay is on fire 
■Save & Quit in a store will no longer reduce repair costs 
■Typos corrected in tooltips/weapons/events 
