Microsoft Office Enterprise 2007


Description:

(1) Microsoft Office Access 2007
It is DBMS or Database Management application. It provides a powerful set of tools to help you quickly start tracking, reporting, and sharing information. You can rapidly create applications by selecting and customizing one of several predefined templates, converting an existing database, or creating a new database, and you can do so without deep database knowledge. It supports programming within itself using Visual Basic or you can create new programs by using its database mangement capabilities though its API.

(2) Microsoft Office Word 2007
It is the most powerful word processing application available.It helps you produce professional-looking documents by providing a various tools for creating and formatting your document.

(3) Microsoft Office Excel 2007
Excel is a spreadsheet application. It also have a lot of tools in analyzing data and computing various functions. Menus help to add functions easily.

(4) Microsoft Office PowerPoint 2007
PowerPoint helps to create professional looking presentations very easily. Actions such as flying words, pictures, etc are easier to create.

(5) Microsoft Office Outlook 2007
It is an email manager with a lot of functionalities that can be very useful. It has calender, scheduler, etc which any such program should have.

(5) Microsoft Office Publisher 2007
Office Publisher 2007 is just great. We can create a website easily with the templates provided. Addition of pages automatically adds links from appropriate pages to be linked to it. So, it automatically does everything by the templates and wesite style. Only problem with this is that editing the source code is practically impossible because of thousands of lines of code that it generates. It makes brilliantly colored pages, but the size of whole website can be pretty big.

Various other tools improve its functionality. It supports a lot of languages. But mainly it uses English. Thesaurus and inbuilt dictionary scans and helpy ou correct spelling and grammatical mistakes by highlighting each word or sentence.

A new feature of Office 2007 is the "ribbon" interface which is different from its older versions. This one is easier to use and looks sleek and stylish. But those who were using previous version will get confused a bit.

As with any Microsoft Product, all of the Office 2007 programs have full online support and is connected to it via the program itself. A huge set of templates make it the best among Office softwares.

Installation Instructions:

Step 1: Open (Product key.txt) file and copy Product Key
Step 2: Goto [Setup] folder and setup
Step 3: When ask for product key enter it and install..

Done..