Eric Clapton
"The Annual Dust-Up"
Royal Albert Hall
London, England
January 24, 1990

3BR Records - 3BR 148 - SB 5 (Scale 1-6)

Disc 1:

   1. Piano Intro
   2. Pretending
   3. Running on Faith
   4. Breaking Point
   5. I Shot the Sheriff
   6. White Room
   7. Can't Find My Way Home
   8. Bad Love
   9. Lay Down Sally
  10. Before You Accuse Me
  11. Old Love 

Disc 2:

   1. No Alibis
   2. Tearing Us Apart
   3. Wonderful Tonight
   4. Cocaine
   5. Remark You Made
   6. Layla
   7. Knocking On Heaven's Door
   8. Crossroads
   9. Sunshine of Your Love 

EC and 4-Piece Band:

Eric Clapton	Guitar, Vocals
Nathan East	Bass
Greg Phillinganes	Keyboards
Steve Ferrone	Drums

Geetarz Comments: 

This is the complete show, sourced from the officially unreleased VHS of the show, and remastered to give the best quality possible. 
It is worthwhile to have this version as well as the "radio mixes" such as "Class Blues" (Beech Marten) and "Wonderful Night" 
(Cuttlefish) not only because of the complete setlist, but the entirely different feel given by the differing mixes. 

The advantage to this, more "open" sounding mix is that you get a bit of that "dust off the amps" feel not found in close miked 
soundboards, such as the gritty ending vamp of "Lay Down Sally". 

Lineage:

Original 3BR (directly from Igor and the Professor) > LiteOn iHAP 322 > EAC v. 0.99 Prebeta 5 (Secure Mode, Offset Correct) > FLAC

Artwork, checksums (ffp, MD5, ST5), info file, and EAC extraction logs included.

PLEASE NOTE:

There are two discrete releases of this title. The original, Catalog #3BR 120, is not to be confused with this release, Catalog #3BR 148.  

Even if you have "a copy" of this title, you may not know what version you have, particularly if it was obtained in trade, when the 
wrong artwork could have been substituted.

Overall, a personal Favorite EC show of all time, and as always ...

PLAY IT LOUD, AND ENJOY!

~Geetarz, May 2010

www.geetarz.org