Follow my uploads here:                
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Protect your mobile device from viruses and spam with a popular anti-virus from leading Russian anti-virus vendor Doctor Web, whose acclaimed products first appeared on the market in 1992.

Dr.Web anti-virus provides you and your mobile device with the constant anti-virus protection, the intelligent SMS and calls filtering and the tools to find your device in case it is lost or to defeat thieves in case it is stolen.

The application does not affect the operating system performance, and — more important — does not reduce the battery life. You can use simple and handy desktop widgets to access the application.

Dr.Web anti-virus uses the unique algorithm to detect malware – Origins Tracing™ for Android – which allows detecting the new virus families using the knowledge database on previous threats. A unique record is created for each malicious program and describes the behavior algorithm of this sample. This provides the efficiency of detecting new modifications of the whole virus family and significantly reduces the size of virus databases.

Features:

    Constant anti-virus protection and threats neutralization. The anti-virus check of the file system is carried out by file monitor SpIDer Guard, which scans in the real-time mode all the files being saved in the device memory.
    On demand scanning is carried out by a specific component – scanner. Dr.Web anti-virus allows to perform quick and full scan of the file system or scan only critical files and folders.
    Quarantine. The detected threats can be deleted or moved to quarantine, where you can review the detailed information on the potential malware.
    SD-card protection from contamination by autorun files and Exploit.Cpllnk, which represent a threat to Windows.
    The small size of updates for virus databases allows to save the traffic and your money if you are using the limited mobile tariffs.
    Detailed statistics on the anti-virus operation.
    Two handy widgets to choose from to manage the anti-virus protection (sizes 1х1 and 4х1).


Attention: In case Dr.Web Anti-theft is enabled on your device, you need to clear the Dr.Web anti-virus checkbox on the Location and Security tab of the Select device administrator section in device settings before uninstalling the application.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 19, 2012)

    Added an option to show password. If the option is enabled, an entered password is shown as stars.
    Added an option to select an e-mail address when configuring Dr.Web Anti-theft.
    Added Turkish language support.
    Added interface enhancements.
    Added an option to send a listed file to Doctor Web Virus Laboratory when scanning in the Custom mode.
    Added an option to scan .ipa files on iOS operating system.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+


                                By bobiras2009		