Upside Down - Kirsten Dunst 2012

NL ENG FR subs (.mka)

1280 x 325 **** /x.264/ac3/ 6.4/10 / 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1374992/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/65960

Kirsten Dunst
Jim Sturgess
Jayne Heitmeyer

Canada / Frankrijk
Drama / Fantasy

geregisseerd door Juan Diego Solanas
met Kirsten Dunst, Jim Sturgess en Jayne Heitmeyer

Adam (Jim Sturgess) is een op het eerste gezicht doodgewone man, maar er is meer met hem aan de hand. Adam verlangt namelijk nog altijd naar zijn geliefde Eve (Kirsten Dunst), die hij kent uit een andere tijd en andere wereld. Hij heeft zich bijna neergelegd bij het feit dat hij haar nooit meer zal zien, wanneer hij haar op televisie ziet. Hij begint zijn onconventionele zoektocht.

Upside Down - Kirsten Dunst 2012

One man's obsession with finding out what is most important in the balancing act between two worlds. 

Look up towards the sky and rub your eyes because you wont believe what you see: cities, forests, and oceans with their own inverted gravity, only an arms length away, yet completely unreachable. Take a leap over to this alternate reality, two worlds one above, one below - facing each other, and youll land in the extraordinary world of Upside Down. Adam is a seemingly ordinary guy in a very extraordinary universe. He lives humbly trying to make ends meet, but his romantic spirit holds on to the memory of a girl he met once upon a time from another world, an inverted affluent world with its own gravity, directly above but beyond reach a girl named Eve. Their childhood flirtation becomes an impossible love. But when he catches a glimpse of grown-up Eve on television, nothing will get in the way of getting her back Not even the law or science! 

----------------------------------------------------------

Amazing movie! - 21 December 2012 

I liked how this movie displayed two worlds- one poor and the other wealthy. But what I really liked was the concept of "paradise". In a scene, Adam sits with some kids who assume that the 'other' world must be like paradise, Adam tells them that though they may live in wealth it's definitely not paradise. If you think about it it's true, because even though the world Adam lives in is poor, there was a taste of closeness. The people who lived there knew what it felt like to lose a loved one which is why they stuck with each other no matter what. In the 'rich' world, they lived lavishly in riches, had a house and every available resource; but there was that hint of closeness that was missing- where no body wanted to stay too close to anyone. I also liked how the two main characters were named Adam and Eve- the first of the two people to unite both worlds.

---------------------------------------------------


French

Dans un univers extraordinaire,vit un jeune homme ordinaire. Adam, qui tente de joindre les deux bouts dans un monde détruit par la guerre. Tout en luttant pour avancer dans la vie, il est hanté par le souvenir d’une belle jeune fille venant d’un monde d’abondance. Elle s’appelle Eden. Dans cet univers, son monde se trouve juste au-dessus de celui d’Adam - si près que lorsqu’il regarde vers le ciel, il peut voir ses villes étincelantes et ses champs fleuris. Mais cette proximité est trompeuse, l’entrée dans son monde est strictement interdite et la gravité de la planète d’Eden rend toute tentative extrêmement périlleuse.