AVG Internet Security 2013 Final Build 2667
Detects and stops viruses, threats and malware
Great easy to use protection everyone needs.
Our job is to stop viruses before they even get to your PC. We check your files before you open them, your Facebook links before you click, your email before it gets to you and your websites before you visit them.
You get: AntiVirus, AntiMalware (AVG Resident Shield), AVG Anti-Rootkit, AVG Email Scanner, AVG Protective Cloud Technology, AVG Community Protection Network, AVG LinkScanner® Surf-Shield, AVG Social Networking Protection
Stops unsecure links and files
Advanced protection that allows you to share files safely
There are times when it’s good to get things we’re not expecting and times when it’s not. We check files before you download and share them even when you’re instant messaging to make sure they’re safe.
You get: AVG Online Shield™
Prevents online spam and scammers
Ultimate protection than reduces the risk of you falling prey to online scams
We all know who we want to see in our inbox. We keep a look out for those unwelcome visitors who might be phishing or pulling a scam so you can focus on the visitors you do want to see.
You get: AVG Anti-Spam
Free mobile protection included
Essential protection for your Android device
We’d all be stuck without our mobile and if you use yours in anyway like you use your PC, it’s vital you protect it in the same way. So no matter what sort of PC protection you choose, you get free mobile protection as well.
You get: AVG Mobilation™ Antivirus Free for Android™
Prevents spying and data theft
The basic tools you must have to control who is able to see and use what you do online
Your privacy is important. Whether it’s your identity or knowing who is tracking your data and what they might do with it. Whichever one it is, we’ve got it covered.
You get: AVG Do Not Track, AVG Identity Protection™, Anti-Spyware, AVG WiFi Guard
Protects your personal data from hackers
Ultimate protection for credit card numbers, bank details or other personal information you enter online.
Whatever you’re shopping for or whichever bank you use, the most important thing is to know that you’re doing it safely. We keep an eye on the personal info you enter online to make sure it’s safe, so you can keep an eye on the bargains.
You get: AVG Enhanced Firewall
Helps ensure a smooth and fast running PC
Essential tools that keep your PC running smoothly… because antivirus should never slow you down.
We all worry that putting stuff on our PC affects performance. Our ‘stuff’ goes out of its way to make sure that it never slows you down.
You get: AVG Turbo Scan, Game Mode, AVG Smart Scanner
Accelerates web experience
For the ultimate video-viewing experience
If you spend time on YouTube you’re going to like this. Faster smoother video streaming – who doesn’t want that?
You get: AVG Accelerator
Free technical support
Whenever you need help, day or night, we’re there.
You get: AVG FREE Support
Easy-to-action advice and alerts
Detects performance problems or opportunities which you can action via the super-easy interface.
If we ever find anything that’s a worry, we’ll alert you so you can take the best action including our super easy one click fix. And because our interface is now even better, it’s even easier to do.
You get: AVG Advisor, Easy Interface, AVG Auto-Fix, AVG Auto-Updates