Awarapan is the story of Shivam (Emraan Hashmi), who searches for happiness but finds only pain and loneliness. He is a heartbroken atheist lover who, in order to escape from the ghosts of his tragic past, dedicates himself to serve his gangster boss Malik (Ashutosh Rana), who runs a chain of hotels in Hong Kong. Malik's son Ronnie assists Malik. Malik considers Shivam like his own son. They have a rival, Malik's brother (Ashish Vidyarthi) and his son, Munna. In fact they are rivals because Shivam once fought with Malik's brother and refused to apologize and Malik backed him up on that. Shivam has a very close childhood friend, Kabir who assists him.
 
One day, Malik asks Shivam to keep an eye on his young mistress Reema (Mrinalini Sharma) while he is away on a brief business trip. Reema is a young Pakistani girl who is a victim of human trafficking. Malik had 'bought' her in the flesh market in Bangkok.
 
Malik's brief is clear: If Reema is found cheating on Malik, Shivam has to eliminate her. From the moment Shivam sets his eyes on Reema, his past begins to raise its head. He is reminded of his lost love Aliyah (Shriya Saran) and how he had failed to save her. Aliyah and Shivam had fallen in love. When her father found out, he confronted them claiming that Shivam was a gangster. Shivam offered her father his gun saying that he was willing to let go of that life. But her father shot at Shivam who ducked to avoid the bullet. The bullet hit Aliyah instead, killing her and embittering Shivam forever.
 
One night Shivam is shocked to discover that the innocent looking Reema has a secret boyfriend Bilal (Rehaan Khan), whom she has tucked away and is planning to run away with. When he confronts her to eliminate her, she claims that freedom is her right. He gets reminded of Aliyah's saying that if you free even one being, you find peace. So he decides to help her and goes against Malik to help her. Shocked Malik gives a shoot at sight order against Shivam and merges his gang with his brother.
 
Shivam manages to save Bilal from Malik's men. He then kills Malik's brother, Munna and even Malik in a brutal gunfight. When Ronnie and his men pin Shivam and Reema down and all looks lost, Kabir enters the fight and shoots a lot of them down. Shivam and Reema escape but Kabir sacrifices himself to buy them time. Shivam brings Reema to the dock where Bilal is waiting with Ronnie and his men in close pursuit. He holds them off while they escape killing Ronnie and all of his men but is mortally wounded. As he lies dying, he sees Aliyah holding his hands and taking him to heaven while the boat with Reema and Bilal sails away.



CONTACT ME   shubhamjain631@gmail.com