           
                    PART  357




10.05.	NEW JACK SWING AND ELECTRO HOP 

     New jack swing or swingbeat is a fusion genre  which became extremely popular from the late-1980s into the mid-1990s. The term "new jack swing" describes the sound produced and engineered by R&B/Hip hop artist and producer Teddy Riley.  The new jack swing style developed as many previous music styles did, by combining elements of older styles with newer sensibilities. It used R&B style vocals sung over hip hop and dance-pop style influenced instrumentation. The sound of new jack swing comes from the hip hop "swing" beats created by drum machine, and hardware samplers, which was popular during the golden age of hip hop, with contemporary R&B style singing.


               BOBBY BROWN - Don't Be Crual  (1988)
               JOHNNY KEMP  - Just Got Paid  (1988)
               BABYFACE  - It's No.Crime (1989)
               KEITH SWEAT  - Make You Sweat  (1990)
               PRINCE AND THE NEW POWER GENERATION - Gwtt Off  (1991)


      "Don't Be Cruel" is a song performed by R&B artist Bobby Brown. Taken from his second and most successful album as its title track, the song was written and produced by the R&B production duo Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds and Antonio "L.A." Reid.Don't Be Cruel" was Brown's second single to reach the top portion of the R&B chart where it remained for two weeks. As a pop crossover, it rose from number fifty-nine to number forty-nine, on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, the week of August 13, 1988 but it took two months to finally peak at number eight the week of October 15, 1988.  
         "Just Got Paid" is a 1988 crossover single by singer/songwriter Johnny Kemp. The song made it to number one on the U.S. R&B singles and dance charts and reached number ten on the Billboard Hot 100.
        "Buffalo Stance" is a 1988 song that peaked at #3 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart recorded by Neneh Cherry from her album "Raw Like Sushi".  
         The single "It's No Crime" (1989)  was Babyface's first entry on the Hot 100 as a solo artist, peaking at number seven and reaching number one on the Hot Black Singles chart.The single was Babyface's only chart entry on the dance charts, where it peaked at number five   
          "Opposites Attract" is a song recorded by Paula Abdul, featured on her debut album "Forever Your Girl". It was written and produced by Oliver Leiber, who came up with the title after browsing a bookstore. Vocals on the song, in addition to Abdul, were provided by Bruce DeShazer and Marv Gunn, aka 'The Wild Pair'. "Opposites Attract" was the sixth and final single from the album, and achieved success in many countries, including the US and Australia where it was a #1 hit.
       "Make You Sweat" is the title of a number-one R&B single by Keith Sweat. As the leading single from the album," I'll Give All My Love to You", the hit song reached number fourteen on the Billboard Hot 100 and spent one week at number-one on the US R&B chart. "Make You Sweat" also peaked at number five on the dance charts.
          "Gett Off" is the lead single by Prince and The New Power Generation from the 1991 album Diamonds and Pearls. The song was a last-minute addition to the album, replacing "Horny Pony", which became the song's B-side. The song was a hit on both sides of the Atlantic, reaching #4 in the United Kingdom and #21 in the United States.