

Like his friend and onetime collaborator Miles Davis, Joe Zawinul was not one to look back on his past and 

savor the view. Yet as in the case of Miles (his parting concert in Montreux), Zawinul finally took the plunge 

in central Europe late in life by revisiting his old Weather Report repertoire -- live at his Vienna 

nightclub, Joe Zawinul's Birdland. The significant difference is that while Miles doubled back to a re-

creation of the original Gil Evans charts, Zawinul retrofitted his tunes with new big-band arrangements by 

Vince Mendoza, read with gusto and heft by the crack visiting WDR Big Band of Cologne, Germany. To this, 

Zawinul added his own synthesizer virtuosity and some overdubs from his Malibu studio, two distinguished WR 

alumni who still play with him off and on -- bassist Victor Bailey and percussionist Alex Acuña -- and drummer 

Nathaniel Townsley. In just about every case, Mendoza's charts replicate and flesh out every twist and turn in 

the Weather Report originals, paying off big-time with "Brown Street," an overlooked swinger from the WR 8:30 

album that gets the remake album off to a percolating start. Occasionally he piles on additional harmonic 

tissue, as in the Miles-period "In a Silent Way." Some of the writing seems a bit redundant, yet things never 

become too overloaded thanks to the ceaseless drive of the rhythm section, and there is plenty of room for 

solos. Only on "Procession" does Zawinul write his own big-band chart; though tied tightly to the original 

recording, it sounds looser than most of the Mendoza charts as it works out over the drone. A few of the song 

choices are unexpected: the frantic "Fast City" and the strutting title tune from the Night Passage album; the 

former features some liquid synth solos by Zawinul and stimulating tenor sax by Paul Heller, and the latter 

some relaxed flügelhorn from Kenny Rampton. Others aren't from the WR catalog at all; "Silent Way" predates 

it, of course, though WR did play the tune in concert, and "March of the Lost Children" and the perennial 

"Carnavalito" are from the post-WR solo years. Unlike most jazz tribute projects -- including a fairly 

bloodless, multi-artist 1999 salute to Weather Report on Telarc -- this double-CD set isn't burdened with 

artificial nostalgia, and it benefits a lot from the presence of one of the two founding co-leaders (the other 

being the absent Wayne Shorter). And Zawinul is the crucial one, because the crusty Austrian keyboardist sees 

to it that the swing is the thing and that the groove is deep. 


CD1


	1 Brown Street 	Shorter, Zawinul 	10:58
	2 In a Silent Way 	Zawinul 	5:15
	3 Fast City 	Zawinul 	9:04
	4 Badia/Boogie Woogie Waltz 	Zawinul 	11:45
	5 Black Market 	Zawinul

CD2

	1 March of the Lost Children 	Zawinul 	5:50
	2 A Remark You Made 	Zawinul 	8:06
	3 Night Passage 	Zawinul 	6:26
	4 Procession 	Zawinul 	9:02
	5 Carnavalito 	Zawinul 	10:41



Joe Zawinul 	Arranger, Composer, Keyboards, Producer, Vocoder
Joachim Becker 	Mixing, Producer
Rob Bruynen 	Band, Flugelhorn, Trumpet
Mattis Cederberg 	Band, Trombone (Bass), Tuba
Klaus Genuit 	Mixing
Andy Haderer 	Band, Flugelhorn, Trumpet
Annette Hauber 	Production Coordination
Dave Horler 	Band, Trombone
Ines Kaiser 	Photography
John Marshall 	Band, Flugelhorn, Trumpet
Vince Mendoza 	Arranger
Jens Neufang 	Band, Clarinet (Bass), Sax (Baritone), Sax (Bass)
Ludwig Nuss 	Band, Trombone
Joachim Oster 	Design
Klaus Osterloh 	Band, Flugelhorn, Trumpet
Olivier Peters 	Band, Clarinet, Flute, Sax (Soprano), Sax (Tenor)
Kenny Rampton 	Band, Flugelhorn, Trumpet
Lucas Schmid 	Executive Producer
Koji Paul Shigihara 	Band, Guitar
Wayne Shorter 	Composer
Karolina Strassmayer 	Band, Clarinet, Flute, Sax (Alto)
Nathaniel Townsley 	Drums
Heiner Wiberny 	Band, Clarinet, Flute, Sax (Alto), Sax (Soprano)
Ivan Zawinul 	Engineer, Mixing, Sound Effects
