
Synopsis

Developed by two master clinicians with extensive experience in cognitive therapy treatment and training, this popular workbook shows readers how to improve their lives using cognitive therapy--one of the most effective and widely practiced forms of psychotherapy. The book is designed to be used alone or in conjunction with professional treatment. Step-by-step worksheets teach specific skills that have helped thousands of people conquer depression, panic attacks, anxiety, anger, guilt, shame, low self-esteem, eating disorders, substance abuse and relationship problems. Readers learn to use mood questionnaires to identify, rate, and track changes in feelings; change the thoughts that contribute to problems; follow step-by-step strategies to improve moods; and take action to improve daily living and relationships. The book's large-size format and lay-flat binding facilitate reading and writing ease.
Booknews

A hands-on workbook for therapy clients suffering from depression, panic attacks, anxiety, eating disorders, substance abuse, and relationship problems, using case examples and written exercises to help clients understand and use cognitive therapy methods. Includes sample worksheets and blank worksheets for reproduction. Can be used as a framework for treatment, an adjunct to treatment, or to pinpoint specific skills development. No index. Annotation c. Book News, Inc., Portland, OR (booknews.com)
More Reviews and Recommendations
Biography

Dennis Greenberger, PhD, clinical psychologist, is Director of the Anxiety and Depression Center, Newport Beach, California. The Center's website, www.anxietyanddepressioncenter.com, features information on Mind Over Mood. Dr. Greenberger is Assistant Clinical Professor at the College of Medicine, University of California, Irvine. He is a Founding Fellow and member of the Board of the Directors of the Academy of Cognitive Therapy.

 

Christine A. Padesky, PhD, clinical psychologist, is a Distinguished Founding Fellow of the Academy of Cognitive Therapy and recipient of their Aaron T. Beck award. Coauthor of six books and an internationally renowned speaker, she received the Distinguished Contribution to Psychology Award from the California Psychological Association. Her Center for Cognitive Therapy in Huntington Beach, California, hosts MindOverMood.com, a website for the public.
