Best Service Epic World - Virtual Instrument







Epic World - Cinematic Landscapes by Eduardo Tarilonte is the perfect tool for composers and sound designers to create ambience for films, documentaries, video games and new age music.


CINEMATIC LANDSCAPES

Epic World is a sample library of unique sounds you won‘t find anywhere else. In a matter of seconds you can easily create inspiring cinematic landscapes, drones and beds. Soulful and emotional, its magical atmospheres and acoustic instruments will take you on a sonic trip to a fantasy world.








INNOVATIVE

   Pushing the boundaries of soundscapes and sound design, Epic World blends unreal atmospheres with real sounds. Every evolving and organic drone has up to 8 different layers that can be simply tweaked to get an unlimited number of combinations. Never before has the creation of cinematic sonic landscapes been so intuitive. Epic World textures are derived from acoustic sources so all the amazing atmospheres you hear predominantly have a „real“ as opposed to a synthesised sound.


THE LIBRARY

Epic World is a 7 GB library (24 Bit/ 44.1kHz) with more than 350 patches, including drones, pads, instruments, voices, whooshes, sfx and more than 1000 loops, instruments and vocal phrases. It contains a huge arsenal of sonic landscapes that go from bright to dark, from soft to powerful and from magical to haunting. Thanks to Best Service ENGINE 2 "more than a sample player" you will enjoy a beautiful, intuitive and easy to use interface. No further sampler is required.




more at ---> http://www.bestservice.de/detail1.asp/best_service/epic_world/en


System requirements

Mac OS

   Mac OS 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7
   Min. recommended: Intel Mac 1.8GHz, 1GB Ram
   Interfaces: Standalone, AU, VST, RTAS (32bit)

Windows

   Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, 32bit & 64bit
   Min. recommended: Pentium/Athlon XP 3.0GHz, 1GB Ram





INSTALLATION

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Add The Library To The UNLOCKED ENGINE 2




         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!