POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Chuck Missler

Volume 15
Weathering The Coming Storm - 11-15-1202 and End Times Scenario - 2012

POtHS Comment: Missler goes all out in this new Study released on 11/15/12. Time is short, stock up on supplies.

Description:

End Times Scenario:

Many people are becoming increasingly conscious that we are entering a unique phase of human history. Some are terrified. Some are predicting cosmic doom on the near horizon. Others are making astonishing predictions. What does the Bible really say?

Eschatology (the Study of ΓÇ£Last ThingsΓÇ¥) is among the most challenging avenues of study, even for the most sophisticated.

   What are the ΓÇ£realΓÇ¥ End Time events?
   What is the most preposterous doctrine in Christianity?
   Does the Church go through the Great Tribulation?
   Which Kingdom do we pray for in the LordΓÇÖs Prayer?
   Is there really a ΓÇ£Battle of ArmageddonΓÇ¥? Why?
   What Scripture did Jesus deliberately leave out in Nazareth?
   Who is the ΓÇ£AntiChristΓÇ¥? Is he alive today?
   Should we expect a literal Babylon on the horizon?

Join Dr. Chuck Missler in the Executive Briefi▼ng Room of The River Lodge, in New Zealand, for an intensive summary of the entire fabric of controversies and insights in this most provocative area.


Weathering The Upcoming Storm:

Dr. Chuck Missler, an internationally known business executive, outlines our current economic predicament and defensive steps you can take to lessen the impact of the impending economic crisis. As a Bible teacher for over 30 years with a ministry reaching over 40 countries, Chuck shares some key strategies to prepare yourself spiritually and practically.

Is the World facing another major economic upheaval?

What is the best strategy to protect your family in times of economic uncertainty?

The Church has enjoyed a relatively peaceful existence in the West for a few centuries but the with the coming persecution, how do we go about organizing home study and home-church?

Soul Survival ΓÇô Keeping your ΓÇ£lamp fullΓÇ¥ during the hard times ahead.

Join Dr. Chuck Missler and Ron Matsen in the Executive Brie▼fing Room of
The River Lodge, New Zealand, in an intensive summary outlining what lies
ahead and how we can prepare for the coming storm.

Run time: Approx. 5 hours

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  