SCREENS:
 
http://img805.imageshack.us/img805/9677/programmanager201301010.png 
http://img17.imageshack.us/img17/345/iaza.png

Lazesoft Data Recovery is easy to use and powerful data recovery software.

Lazesoft Data Recovery offers home users and businesses complete solutions to recover deleted files or lost due to the format or corruption of a hard drive, virus or Trojan infection, unexpected system shutdown or software failure.

With easy to use interfaces and the most powerful data recovery software engine, you can using Lazesoft Data Recovery recover data by yourself, preview recovered files while the search is in progress.

Easy recovery in all major data loss cases.

Accidentally deleted files or emptied from recycle bin
Formatted media/disk drive/partitions/dynamic volumes
Logically crashed disk
Data deleted using Shift+Del keys
Files corrupted due to virus attacks
Software crash
Power faults
partition with corrupt file systems, etc.
Recover files even when your computer cannot boot up and cannot enter Windows


Easily recover data from Windows!

Windows Version of Lazesoft Data Recovery.
Native support for Windows 64 bit.
Added support for Windows 8 New!

Recover Data When Windows Cannot Boot up normally!

On some disk or Windows serious crashed, you might not be able to boot up your computer and enter Windows. Lazesoft Data Recovery can burn a bootable data recovery CD/USB disk and allow you to boot up your computer and rescue your data.
Boot from various brands of desktops, laptops like Dell, ThinkPad, Hp, Sony, Toshiba, Acer, Samsung, etc.
With WinPE-based and linux-base bootable disk builder, Lazesoft Recovery Suite has best hardware compatibility.
Boot up computer from CD or usb disk.
User friendly Boot Media Builder interface

installation
unpck with winrar
install apps.frm setup.x
when asked for serial generate it from kgen and resume installaion.
use blank cd to burn the image.

The software supports:

* Fully supports Windows 8, 7, Vista, XP
* Fully supports Windows 2008 R2, 2008, 2003, 2000 servers