Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=mabw7zrtm9ylb9qunfxd.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=j2nupeodfmgfsyjfgnps.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=512v7bevgnqtn4q38cib.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=aggwlms9xf23sx3505uy.jpg


Sparky Sin Claire, Audrey Rose, Princess Donna, Dylan Ryan, Beretta James, Krysta Kaos, Jessie Cox, Vivienne Del Rio, James Deen, Mickey Mod, Jon Jon, Mr. Pete, Bobbi Starr


The San Francisco Bay Area is the birthplace of West Coast porn, long recognized as one of the world's kinky sex capitals. Northern California kinksters can be proud of one of their own, Bobbi Starr. In "Bobbi Violates San Francisco," the stunning director/performer brings her signature style of extreme yet reality-based sex to the region where she was reared, leading a series of one-male/two-girl threesomes involving powerful domination, fetish fun and lots of hard-core ass play. The two-disc set includes eight anal sessions featuring the royalty of the California SM scene! Little blonde Jessie Cox has her sweet ass mauled by Bobbi and Mr. Pete; Jessie rims the director's butthole while Pete sodomizes her in the bathroom. Next, Bobbi and Mickey Mod enjoy rectally defiling cute, curly-haired Audrey Rose. Our brunette hostess enjoys a passionate interracial date with tattooed Sparky Sin Claire's anus and Jon Jon's big, black cock. Another tatted beauty, Vivienne Del Rio, takes the Bobbi train in a deep-throating, ass-plowing backdoor jam that leaves Vivienne's face splattered with cum. Gorgeous punkstress Krysta Kaos submits to Bobbi and Mickey's rough ass-to-mouth demands, and pale, glamorous Dylan Ryan is treated to a lipstick-smeared rollercoaster ride of anal debauchery. Busty, enigmatic Beretta James endures a ferocious butt-banging. Dominant James Deen gives Bobbi and fetish queen Princess Donna an intense, adrenaline-fueled afternoon of total manhandling, ferocious slapping, face fucking and anal drilling. When Bobbi finishes with San Francisco, The City's going to be walking funny for a few days!