LAN Speed Test

LAN Speed Test was designed from the ground up to be a simple but powerful tool for measuring file transfer, hard drive, USB Drive, and Local Area Network (LAN) speeds (wired & wireless). It does this by building a file in memory, then transfers it both ways (without effects of windows file caching) while keeping track of the time, and then does the calculations for you. Simple concept and easy to use. You'll find that LAN Speed Test will quickly become one of your favorite network tools!

Some of LAN Speed Test v3.0 Features include...

Completely portable - No installation needed
Incredibly small (182KB) and can run from a hard drive, USB Flash drives, etc.
Compatible with Windows versions 2000 & up (2000, XP, Vista, Win7, Server2003 & Server 2008)
Very fast! Most tests are less than 1 minute
Test packet sizes up to 9 GB while taking a maximum of just 10 MB of RAM on your system
Progress window that displays progress bar and allows user to cancel at any time
Compatible with LST Server for real network performance results without hard drive limitations - Even test your WAN (internet) speed with LST Server
Network Scan (lets you see all other computers/devices that are on your network) with the ability to Ping test to any of them
Log viewing screen with ability to add notes
Scheduling test runs now an option with logging and the new Command Line format
Open/Save option to .csv file
Selectable Speed Measurements
New! Simultaneous multiple stream support
New! View Avg, Max, & Min throughput results
New! Automatically re-start tests for a set period of time or until manually stopped
New! Email results manually, automatically, or only when under a certain speed
Revised! Command Line Mode (Allows network administrators to start the test from the command line with all test options now available)

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.totusoft.com/lanspeed.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use given key to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.