 http://picturestack.com/50/527/hxS2myrqewjpgbFx.gif 
http://picturestack.com/60/559/aJSXOEEsFQghdKBI.gif 
http://picturestack.com/59/858/jA372010035KYN.jpg 
http://picturestack.com/59/858/3etREDROSE198Zhy.jpg

CAST:
Rajesh Khanna … Anand
Poonam Dhillon … Sharda
Roopesh Kumar … Inspector Bhushan
Om Shivpuri … Shera (Gardener)
Satyendra Kapoor … Anand’s Foster Father (as Satyen Kappoo)
Shammi … Manager of ROOPSAGAR Clothing Store
Keshto Mukherjee … Man came to buy brassiere for his girlfriend
Shashi Kiran … Waiter
Ram P. Sethi … Murli Manohar – Manager (as Ram Sethi)
Mayur … Munna (Young Anand) (as Master Mayoor)
Ritu Kamal
Madhu Patel
Snehlata
Anita
Jezebel (as Jesbel)
 
http://picturestack.com/59/858/TDR9480352880PZJ.jpg
PLOT:
Anand (Rajesh Khanna) is a successful businessman with a dark side. He preys on nubile girls and rapes and kills them. These proceedings are video-recorded and watched by his adoptive father and mentor, another deranged woman-hater who, as with Anand, had a disillusioning experience with the female sex in his past. The old man stays holed up in a far corner of Aanand's mansion watching his son carry out what he is too infirm to do. The murdered girls are buried in Dileep's garden and a rosebush is grown above.

Anand chances upon an undergarments salesgirl, Sharada (Poonam Dhillon), and develops an attraction for her. Sharada, a conservative woman, insists that Anand must marry her if he wants to have his way with her. The romance proceeds, and appears to be Anand's salvation before things begin to collapse for him. On his marriage day, Sharada stumbles upon a diary containing details of his deranged life and, and names of the girls he had killed scribbled on the walls of one of the rooms in his large house.

Sharada, meanwhile stumbles upon Anand's father, whom Anand had told her was retarded and was not to be disturbed, and gets the shock of her life. She somehow manages to shut him in and tries to run out but as she prepares to leave, Anand returns. As Sarada tries to act normal while planning to escape, Anand finds that his father has been locked in and when he saves his father, he realizes that Sarada knows the truth about his deeds. A tense chase ensues, which ends in a graveyard in the dead of night, with Dileep stumbling and falling on a cross which pierces him. In the ensuing chase, Anand is caught by the police.

He is subsequently jailed but gets mentally retarded and loses his bloodthirsty ways. He keeps repeating Sarada's name, as it is his only coherent thought, and all other memories have been erased from his mind.

INFO:
Directed by Bharathi Raja
Produced by M.P. Jain
Ravi Kumar
Associate Producer:
Mrs. Santosh Jain
Mrs. Era Kalra
Mrs. Chandrika Shah
Written by Bhagyaraj
Lyrics :
Nida Fazli
Vithalbhai Patel
Dialogues:
Charandas Shokh

Video: Xvid 512x384 29.97fps [Stream 00]
Audio: MP3 44100Hz stereo 96kbps [Stream 01]