


                 PART  356





11.12.  TRIP HOP & POST TRIP HOP MUSIC

         Trip hop  is a music genre consisting of downtempo electronic music which originated in the early 1990s in the UK, especially Bristol. Deriving from "post"-acid house, the term was first used by the British music media and press as a way to describe the more experimental variant of breakbeat which contained influences of soul, funk and jazz.  Musically, trip hop contains a slow tempo and a hypnotic sound created by an electronic background and prominent string instrumentation. Several trip hop artists and bands, such as Massive Attack, Tricky, Portishead and Morcheeba have received attention and/or chart success, both on mainstream national charts and on the more dance and indie-based ones.
        After the success of Massive Attack, Portishead and Tricky albums in 1994 and 1995, a new generation of trip hop artists emerged with a more standardized sound. Notable "post-trip-hop" artists include Morcheeba, Sneaker Pimps, Alpha, Jaianto, Mudville and Cibo Matto. They integrated trip hop with other genres – including ambient, R&B/soul, IDM, experimental industrial, atmospheric drum n bass/jungle, liquid dubstep, breakbeat, drum 'n' bass, acid jazz, and new age.

             
             MASSIVE ATTACK  -  Be Thankful for What You've Got (1991)
             MADONNA  & MASSIVE ATTACK  - Want You  (1995)
             MASSIVE ATTACK  - Inertia Creeps  (1998)
             TRICKY  -  Evolution Revolution Love  (2001)
             MORCHEEBA Feat..Big Daddy Kane  - What's Your Name  (2003)  
             MORCHEEBA  -  Wonders never cease  (2005)
             MASSIVE ATTACK  -  Live With Me (Performance Version) (2006)
             MASSIVE ATTACK  -  Live With Me  (second version)  (2006)
             MASSIVE ATTACK  -  Safe From Harm ( 2006)
             PORTISHEAD  - The Rip  (2008)
             PORTISHEAD  - Magic Doors  (2008)
             GRACE JONES  -  Corporate Cannibal  (2008)




     "Be Thankful for What You Got" is a soul song written and first performed by William DeVaughn.(1974). Massive Attack's cover version, retitled "Be Thankful for What You've Got", was featured on their 1991 debut album "Blue Lines". A music video was produced for the song; however, it was not released as a stand-alone commercial single. Instead, a remix by Paul Oakenfold was also included on their 1992 single release Massive Attack EP 
   "I Want You" is a song written by songwriters Leon Ware and Arthur "T-Boy" Ross and recorded and released as a single by singer Marvin Gaye  (1976).Madonna recorded a cover version of "I Want You" with British trip-hop group Massive Attack for her ballads compilation album "Something to Remember" .The song was released as a promotional single in September 1995 and a music video was shot and released to many media outlets. Many problems arose internally, which resulted in "You'll See" being quickly released as a single instead. The video received heavy airplay on both MTV and VH1. Along with medium radio airplay, many fans speculated as to why the song was never released as an official single. Neither Massive Attack nor Madonna have commented on this matter.Because the song was not released officially as a single, "I Want You" never got into the charts.
    "Evolution Revolution Love"  is a song written by Tricky and released in 2001 on the album "Blowback"."Evolution Revolution Love" (track 2) features Ed Kowalczyk of the American rock band Live singing the vocals for the chorus.
    "Corporate Cannibal" is a single by Grace Jones, released in 2008.The song was written by Grace Jones, Ivor Guest, Adam Green and Marc van Eyck, and is a trip hop song incorporating rock and electronic elements.The video was shot in black an white, with the only images appearing being Grace Jones' face and upper body shots, digitally distorted. The video premiered at the Meltdown festival in June 2008. 
    "The Rip" is a single by Portishead released in June 2008. It is the second release from the band's album "Third". It was previously called "Mystic" .The song was listed at #199 on Pitchfork Media's top 500 songs of the 2000s. The animated music video for the song made by Nick Uff was first broadcast on 12 May 2008, on the band's website.
    "Magic Doors" is the third single from Portishead's third studio album "Third".  Upon its release, "Third" earned widespread critical acclaim, and was ranked as one of the best albums of 2008 by several publications. Alan Ranta of PopMatters gave the album a 9/10, saying "History will eventually see it rank on par with the rest of their legendary works"  "Third" entered the UK Album Chart at #2, and became the band's first-ever American Top 10 album on the Billboard 200, reaching #7 in its entry week.   
    "Live with Me" is a song by Massive Attack which was included in their 2006 compilation album, Collected, and was also released as a single. The song is notable for the critical acclaim it garnered due to its haunting lyrics, soulful vocals and emotional string section.Vocals were supplied by the acclaimed soul singer Terry Callier, who was 60 at the time the song was recorded. Callier is an American jazz, soul and folk guitarist singer-songwriter from Chicago, Illinois.Virgin Media described the song as follows: "Some extremely evocative and rich vocals come courtesy of soul legend Terry Callier, who builds 'Live With Me' to a mesmerising climax against a backdrop of lush, expansive strings and a rolling, hypnotic bassline. It's clear the band have lost none of their distinctive edge.