Book Description

In just 24 sessions of one hour or less, Sams Teach Yourself Xcode 4 in 24 Hours will help you achieve breakthrough productivity with AppleΓÇÖs new Xcode 4.3+ development environment for OS X and iOS devices. Every lesson introduces new concepts and builds on what youΓÇÖve already learned, giving you a rock-solid foundation for real-world success!

Step-by-step instructions carefully walk you through the most common Xcode 4 development tasks.
Quizzes and Exercises at the end of each chapter help you test your knowledge.
By the Way notes present interesting information related to the discussion.
Did You Know? tips offer advice or show you easier ways to perform tasks.
Watch Out! cautions alert you to possible problems and give you advice on how to avoid them.

Printed in full colorΓÇôfigures and code appear as they do in Xcode 4.3+

    Master the MVC design pattern at the heart of iOS and OS X development
    Use Xcode project templates to get a head start on advanced application features
    Efficiently use the Xcode Code Editor and get fast, contextually-aware answers with the built-in help system
    Use iOS Storyboards to visually describe an applicationΓÇÖs workflow
    Get started with Core Data to simplify data management and data-driven user interfaces
    Use frameworks and libraries to package functionality and promote time-saving code reuse
    Use Git and Subversion source control for managing distributed projects
    Prepare Unit tests and use the Xcode debugger to keep your projects error free
    Package your apps for the App Store
    Use the command-line Xcode tools for scripting and build automation

Table of Contents
Hour 1. Xcode 4
Hour 2. Just Enough Objective-C and Cocoa
Hour 3. Understanding the MVC Design Pattern
Hour 4. Using Xcode Templates to Create Projects
Hour 5. Managing Projects and Resources
Hour 6. Using the Xcode Source Editor
Hour 7. Working with the Xcode 4 Documentation
Hour 8. Creating User Interfaces
Hour 9. Connecting a GUI to Code
Hour 10. Creating iOS Application Workflows with Storyboards
Hour 11. Building and Executing Applications
Hour 12. Using Source Control
Hour 13. Xcode-Supported Languages
Hour 14. Planning for Reuse. Frameworks and Libraries
Hour 15. Putting It All Together. Building an OS X Application
Hour 16. Building an iOS Application
Hour 17. Attaching Big Data. Using Core Data in Your Applications
Hour 18. Test Early, Test Often
Hour 19. Getting the Bugs Out
Hour 20. Keeping Things Organized. Shared Workspaces
Hour 21. Advanced. Analyzing Code with Instruments
Hour 22. Managing and Provisioning iOS Devices
Hour 23. Distributing Your Applications
Hour 24. Xcode CLI Utilities