Registry First Aid Platinum

Registry First Aid scans the Windows registry for orphan file/folder references, finds these files or folders on your drives that may have been moved from their initial locations, and then corrects your registry entries to match the located files or folders. In addition, if your registry has links to files of deleted applications, Registry First Aid will find these invalid entries and remove them from your registry. With Registry First Aid, your Windows registry will be always clean and correct, helping your programs load faster and speeding up your computer.

Features:

Here are just some of the great features of Registry First Aid:

Easy to use step by step Wizard type interface.

Registry First Aid scans registry for orphan file/folder references.

Quickly finds these files or folders on your drives (if they're moved from initial locations).

Corrects registry entries to the located objects.

If your registry still retains links to files of deleted applications, Registry First Aid will find these invalid entries and help you to easily remove them.

With this powerful tool, your Windows registry will be always clean and correct!


What's new:

Legend: (+) a feature is added
(*) a feature is improved/changed
(-) a bug is fixed
New in version 8.3.0 

+ RFA Registry Manage: + icon for "Open Folder" menu command;
- RFA Registry Manage: a few bugs are fixed;
+ RFA Registry Manage: show all items sorted;
- bugfix: RFA settings: risk icons were not loaded and displayed;
+ "Select all" checkbox added to the select scan categories screen;
+ show common size of snapshot files at the welcome screen;
- bugfix: some "shared DLLs" were incorrectly marked as "not used";
* language files are updated;

Works Under:

Windows 2000/2003/XP/Vista and the new Windows 7.

Note: This version of Registry First Aid does not support Windows 8.

Homepage: http://www.rosecitysoftware.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.