Odds & Sods is an album that consists of studio outtakes and rarities by British rock band The Who released by Track Records in the UK and Track/MCA in the US in 1974.

In the autumn of 1973, while Roger Daltrey, Pete Townshend and Keith Moon were preparing for the Tommy film, John Entwistle was put in charge of compiling an album to counter the rampant bootlegging that occurred at The Who's concerts.  "I tried to arrange it like a parallel sort of Who career - what singles we might have released and what album tracks we might have released," Entwistle explained. He and the producer of his solo albums, John Alcock, compiled Odds & Sods from various tapes. Two LPs of material were collected, but only one was released. "It could have been a double album, there was that much material," Entwistle said at the time of the album's release. The material from the second unreleased LP was later included on the 1998 remastered CD version. Townshend wrote liner notes for the album which included frank opinions of the quality of the songs. The notes were omitted from some copies of the original LP but included on the reissued CD. The album reached #10 on the UK charts and #8 in the US. 

2011 CD Reissue

On December 24, 2011 Universal in Japan issued the original analog mix for the album on CD with the songs reflecting the order of the original vinyl. The bonus tracks that were issued previously on the 1998 CD remix reissue were added after the original running order of the album. These bonus tracks used the original analog mixes where possible rather than the remixes prepared for the 1998 expanded CD reissue.The reissue was remastered by Jon Astley.

The 2011 reissue featuring the original analog mixes has some different takes than the 1998 version. "Young Man Blues" is a different take than the 1998 remix.

CD Reissue 2011 Track Listing [320k MP3]

    "Postcard"
    "Now I'm a Farmer"
    "Put the Money Down"
    "Little Billy"
    "Too Much of Anything"
    "Glow Girl"
    "Pure and Easy"
    "Faith in Something Bigger"
    "I'm the Face"
    "Naked Eye"
    "Long Live Rock"
    "Leaving Here"
    "Baby Don't You Do It"
    "Summertime Blues" (Studio Version)
    "Under My Thumb"
    "Mary Anne with the Shaky Hand"
    "My Way"
    "Young Man Blues" (Studio Version)
    "Cousin Kevin Model Child"
    "Love Ain't for Keeping"
    "Time Is Passing"
    "We Close Tonight"
    "Water"
