I am providing important films in ISO for the film buff or novice film historian. It is nearly impossible to find torrent files that include all the extras or even important commentaries.
These files are from my collection of DVDs that I have made from rented movies over the last seven years or so.
Nearly all of them have been put onto a DVD5, so unfortunately I do not have an uncompressed source handy.  That said I can assure you that these look GREAT on larger screens.
I chose to make them this size for economy as DVD9s were $3 each when I started this and DVD5s were .25 cents each.
Now I am working on putting some of the best ones on a hard drive to be played with my HD TV Media Player and am still thinking economy is the best rule as these are half the size of ripping a DVD9.
This is the best quality for the value.

I would love some productive feedback  . . .   :)

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This file includes EVERYTHING the original DVD has:

1953
156 minutes
Black and White
1.33:1
Spoken Language: Japanese
Subtitles: English
Audio commentary by Ozu-film scholar David Desser, editor of Ozus Tokyo Story, a compilation of writings and reviews about the film
Original theatrical trailer
New and improved English subtitle translation

Awards:
TIME Magazine
All - TIME 100 Movies 

SYNOPSIS:  
Yasujiro Ozus Tokyo Story (Tokyo Monogatari) follows an aging couple, Tomi and Sukichi, on their journey from their rural village to visit their two married children in bustling, postwar Tokyo. Their reception is disappointing:  too busy to entertain them, their children send them off to a health spa. After Tomi falls ill she and Sukichi return home, while the children, grief-stricken, hasten to be with her. From a simple tale unfolds one of the greatest of all Japanese films. Starring Ozu regulars Chishu Ryu and Setsuko Hara, the film reprises one of the directors favorite themes—that of generational conflict—in a way that is quintessentially Japanese and yet so universal in its appeal that it continues to resonate as one of cinemas greatest masterpieces.
