Camtasia 7.1 + Serials 


E V I L C R A Z E



Camtasia Studio 7.1 comes with free, professionally designed media assets and sequences from Digital Juice including animated backgrounds, music tracks, sound effects, and title backgrounds. Individual media assets can be saved or combined into a sequence to promote consistent branding. All media assets and sequences can be saved in the library and shared with others. When working across multiple projects, users can copy and paste media assets on the timeline such as titles, transitions and callouts to save significant time. And with enhanced integration, presets and an uploader, it’s now easier than ever to upload Camtasia Studio videos to YouTube in one simple process.

New modern and flexible callouts and cursor effects makes communicating visually and capturing the viewer’s attention easier than ever with Camtasia Studio 7.1 Software. All callouts can be rotated 360 degrees, cursor effects are editable and keystroke callouts are automatically generated to show an application’s timesaving shortcuts increasing the effectiveness of training videos. And sketch motion looks like the effect is drawn by hand over the video in real-time creating an enhanced and dynamic viewing experience that focuses attention on important areas of any presentation.

Camtasia Studio 7.1’s sleek new editing interface makes features more discoverable and workflow more efficient while providing an overall better user experience. TechSmith’s improved SmartFocus technology is in Camtasia Studio 7, providing a noticeable increase in accuracy so users will spend even less time editing while being able to deliver clear video content faster for playback on nearly any screen size.

Camtasia Studio software's recording engine has been optimized to deliver better performance and production value. Users running Windows XP will immediately notice a visual improvement in the smoothness of their produced videos, and those running a dual-core processor on Windows Vista or Windows 7 will experience a 40-50 percent improvement in capture frame rate.



Enjoy.....



Pls DO Comment And Seed