Demolition Inc THD v17.660.76
Requirements: 2.3+/Tegra 2
Overview: This charming destruction-based puzzler is a literal blast!
DEMOLITION, INC. is a new action strategy game: Assume the role of the daring demolition worker Mike and start a devastating chain reaction on earth. Use cool tools and weapons and expand your destructive powers!


You navigate Mike's UFO over the cities of Earth and unfold complete chaos with your tools and weapons: Cars which drive into tower blocks and make them collapse; high-rises which fall onto other high-rises, exploding cows which make whole streets of houses come tumbling down!
DEMOLITION, INC. is 100% physics technology: nothing is predetermined, and nothing is pre-animated. Your actions alone decide what happens and what you see!
Because of this, every time you play will be a unique experience and you won't get enough from those explosive chain reactions you make by yourself.
KEY FEATURES:
Ground-breaking technology - Car and building physics is fully simulated. Everything is destructible and nothing is pre-animated. No game round is like another.
Combining action and strategy - Use the endless possibilities of combining your tools and weapons to make devastating chain reactions. Only this way can you manage to tear down whole cities!
Tools and Weapons - Use you tractor beam to take control of cars, place anti-gravity ramps to maximize damage, use the huge wrecking ball to clear your path.
Improve your skills on the way and unlock breathtaking and crazy new tools and weapons!
Exciting levels - 6 cities and 30 districts are waiting to be demolished by you and led to their fate!
Campaign mode - Fulfill your mission and destroy one city after another. By cunning use of your tools and weapons you will turn district after district into rubble!
Rampage mode - Limitless destruction. Unleash mayhem with all your tools and weapons you have unlocked. The level is your playground and you experience new breathtaking scenes of destruction over and over again.
Online high scores - Compare your skills with those of your friends and the world-wide OpenFeint community.
Tegra version - The Tegra version (THD) offers Controller support, weather effects and 3 exclusive levels. This version is exclusive to Tegra devices, other Android devices will be supported after 2012-04-26.

Quotes from Reviews of the PC version:
"Which is still terrorism, I guess. In fact ΓÇô wait for it ΓÇô itΓÇÖs extraterrestorism." Rock, Paper, Shotgun
"Completing a level is incredibly rewarding,..." Rock, Paper, Shotgun
"This charming destruction-based puzzler is a literal blast,.." GamePro
"..the game's physics engine is impressive to watch in action.." PC Advisor
Support for HTC One X coming soon.

What's in this version: v17.660.76

1.Fixed problem of slowdown and 'lag' on some devices.
2.Improved message displayed when no license found.
