
Onde Screen Capture is currently the most powerful screen grabbing utility on Mac OS, by which you can easily capture any part on your Mac desktop such as rectangular or ellipse region, freehand region, full screen, active window or all windows from any webpage or application and so on. With this Mac screenshot capture, you can snag frame rectangular or ellipse region of your desktop. The knobs on the sides and corners can be used to resize the frame according to your need. The transparent frame makes you see the content and icon through it. In addition, screen magnifier with hotkey instructions that can be hidden or displayed can help capture the exact region as you want.

Features:

All the main functions buttons can be referred to on the intuitive interface.
Grabbing your entire desktop, rectangular or ellipse region, certain window or all windows can be done with just one click.
Arbitrary Snap Function allows you to create shapes that tailor suits your desired image.
With just one click, you can capture any part on desktop.
Timer Screen are delayed as long as you like to set up what you want to capture on Mac-like a menu-then snag it when you're ready.
Screen magnifier can magnify edges of frame to help capture area on your screen accurately.
Set Hotkeys and make the fastest image capturing program even quicker.
Add some effects with Grab Tool, Text Tools, the Brush Tool, Custom Shape Tools, and an easy to use Arrow Tool.
Save your captured image in a wide variety of image formats, including PNG, BMP, TIFF, PPM, XBM, XPM, ICO, JPEG, JPG, and TIF.
Options in the Preferences Panel allow even more customization of the Timed Screen Function, the Magnification Window, Launch Options, and many more aspects of the Onde Screen Capture.
Save your grabbed images directly to the desktop or copy them straight to the clipboard.

What's New
Version 1.07.18: Release notes were unavailable when this listing was updated.
Requirements

Intel
OS X 10.6 or later
64-bit processor

Courtesy of Special [K]