kerrelyn sparks(Vanpire 11-12) Epub, Mobi


Sexiest Vampire Alive by Kerrelyn Sparks, (Bk11 in the 'Love at Stake' series)
Requirements:ePUB reader | 381 kb | 

Overview:Kerrelyn Sparks's first paranormal romance, How to Marry a Millionaire Vampire, flew out of the bat cave in 2005 and survived three weeks on the USA Today Best-Selling Books list. In 2006, Vamps and the City became the second book in the Love at Stake series. Kerrelyn lives in the Greater Houston area with her husband and brilliant children. At this time, there are no vampires in her family. Werewolves are another matter entirely. 
He was both a playboy and a vampire…and impossible to resist.

At the end of Vampire Mine, a terrible thing happened—a video was released that proved the existence of vampires. Now Vamps fear the worst, the Vampire Apocalypse! Will mortals start hunting vampires down and staking them in their death-sleep? At an emergency meeting, Coven Masters from around the world decide how to proceed. They need an emissary to open negotiations with the President of the United States. They want their emissary to be modern, safe, and harmless. A Vamp who has never bitten a mortal. A Vamp who has been entirely bottle-fed. Their choice—Gregori!

Now Gregori has the fate of the entire Vamp population on his shoulders. He’s given a special assignment that involves taking the president’s daughter on a dangerous mission. Will he succeed and save his friends? Or will he succumb to his playboy ways and doom them all?


Wanted: Undead or Alive by Kerrelyn Sparks (Love at Stake series #12)
Requirements: ePUB or MOBI reader, 0.9 Mb

Overview: Nobody does supernatural love stories featuring virile vampires and sexy shapeshifters better than Kerrelyn Sparks! Paranormal romance fans - like Lynsay Sands, superstar author of the Argeneau vampire family novels, who calls Sparks, 'an absolute delight!' - simply cannot wait to sink their teeth into a new Love at Stake novel. With Wanted: Undead or Alive, New York Times bestseller Sparks takes the passionate action way out west, as a vamp and a werewolf go undercover at a Wyoming dude ranch...with sizzling results! 


Enjoy!