Ninja Hacking
Unconventional Penetration 
Testing Tactics and Techniques 
Thomas Wilhelm
Jason Andress
Bryan Garner
Ninjutsu Consultant
Joshua Abraham
Technical Editor

About the Authors
Thomas Wilhelm has been involved in Information Security since 1990, where 
he served in the U.S. Army for 8 years as a Signals Intelligence Analyst/Russian 
Linguist/Cryptanalyst. A speaker at security conferences across the United States, 
including DefCon, HOPE, and CSI, he has been employed by Fortune 100 compa-
nies to conduct risk assessments, participate and lead in external and internal pen-
etration testing efforts, and manage Information Systems Security projects.
Thomas is also an Information Technology Doctoral student who holds Mas-
ters degrees in both Computer Science and Management. Additionally, he dedicates 
some of his time as an Associate Professor at Colorado Technical University and has 
contributed to multiple publications, including both magazines and books. Thomas 
currently performs security training courses for both civilian and government person-
nel through Heorot.net, and maintains the following security certifications: ISSMP, 
CISSP, SCSECA, and SCNA.
Jason Andress (ISSAP, CISSP, GISP, GSEC, CEH, Security+) is a seasoned 
security professional with a depth of experience in both the academic and business 
worlds. He is presently employed by a major software company, providing global 
 information security oversight, and performing penetration testing, risk assessment, 
and compliance functions to ensure that the companyΓÇÖs assets are protected.
Jason has taught undergraduate and graduate security courses since 2005 and 
holds a Doctorate in Computer Science. His research is in the area of data protec-
tion, and he has contributed to several publications, writing on topics including data 
security, network security, and digital forensics.
xv
About the Ninjutsu Consultant
Bryan R. Garner (CHT, fifth-degree black belt in Bujinkan Budo Taijutsu/ Ninjutsu, 
Security Specialist) holds a Shidoshi level teaching license in the Bujinkan Martial 
Arts system and has trained in Ninjutsu for more than 10 years. He has been involved 
in martial arts since he was 5 years old, receiving two Shodan ranks previously 
in other martial art styles. Sensei Garner has trained in Japan, as well as attended 
many seminars throughout the United States to further his training. He currently runs 
his own Ninjutsu Martial arts school in Colorado Springs and works as a full-time 
 Security Specialist for a large corporation.