Follow my uploads here:                
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.2+
Overview: Save time doing dictionary lookups! 

Simply point your camera at some Chinese text to get all the English definitions.

Within just a couple of seconds of launching the app, and without even touching the screen, you can be viewing word-by-word definitions of a complete line of Chinese text. The auto-snapshot feature means you won't have to keep awkwardly trying to position your camera.

IMPORTANT NOTE: This app is designed for reading regular Chinese text (like in a book). It is NOT intended for reading things like shop signs, food labels or other images using stylized text, so please bear this in mind before purchasing.

If you encounter any problems, please contact us at hanping@embermitre.com and we will do our very best to fix it. We have done lots of testing on many different devices but there may be some problematic camera drivers we have not yet come across.

If you're not satisfied, for any reason, within 30 days you get a full refund, period, no questions asked. We don't want your money if you're not amazingly happy.

Main features:

★ Designed for students learning Chinese
★ Scans live camera preview as well as still images (such as photos)
★ Works entirely offline! (INTERNET permission is only for dictionary updates etc)
★ Simplified and Traditional characters
★ Recognizes over 8000 different characters
★ Pinyin and Zhuyin (Bopomofo) pronunciation
★ Horizontal & vertical text
★ Fast - most devices perform recognition in a fraction of a second
★ Optimized for pages of regular text (such as in a book)
★ Clear, regular fonts should work well in general, but you may need to use the controls to reframe the text
★ Recognized Chinese characters are drawn over the image, allowing you to easily verify accuracy
★ Each character is colored according to its tone
★ Breaks text down into words, displaying all corresponding dictionary entries
★ Supports pan, zoom, and pinch-to-zoom
★ Resizeable image window
★ Seamlessly integrates with Hanping Chinese Dictionary (which you will need to install - it's free! - to see the dictionary entries)
★ Conforms to Android design guidelines


                                By bobiras2009		