if you download this over the old version most of the files are identical so you'll only need to download <400MB new files. it's not important though.

Full game direct from steam

Basement collection v1.1 update notes.

-Time Fcuk ch2 Ending Fixed
-Meat Boy Q&A added
-Chest Bonus content added
-Triachnid achievement fixed
-Meat boy achievements can be unlocked again after the first time (in case it misses them)
-Collection unlocks save locally
-Warning message when meatboy/tri achievements break (unfixable flash player related bug, adobeΓÇÖs fault)
-Correctly handle a few launch-errors (should be no more launch crashing)
-AVGM auto-click-detection enabled, bonus content unlocked for beating inferno mode 16 times in a row

About the Game

The Basement Collection is a compilation of 9 award winning indie games by Edmund McMillen, creator of Super Meat Boy and The Binding of Isaac. All of the games featured in the collection have been revamped and updated, featuring bonus chapters, new music, art and other extras.
The Basement Collection includes:

    Aether ( an exploration adventure game )
    Time Fcuk ( a dark puzzle game )
    Spewer ( a physics based platformer )
    Meat Boy ( the super meat boy prototype )
    Grey Matter ( an anti shooter )
    Coil (an experimental game )
    Triachnid (a physics based spider sim) 

The collection also features 2 secret unlockable games and tons of unlockable comics, sketch books and even never before scene stock footage from Indie Game: The Movie.
Key Features

    8 full games, featuring new content, achievements and development extras.
    8 unlockable extras featuring bonus games, comics, sketch books and videos.
    A full collection soundtrack, featuring over 30 full length tracks from games featured as well as fan made bonus tracks.
    Over 30 minutes of audio interviews.
    Over 20 minutes of video extras from Indie Game: The Movie, (15 minutes of never before scene footage).
    Over 15 pages of development sketches and character designs. 

	PC System Requirements

        OS: Windows XP, Vista, 7
        Processor: 2.3 GHz Dual Core +
        Memory: 4GB
        Hard Disk Space: 1GB
        Video Card: Nvidia 9800 + 		