                             By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: Android 2.2+
Overview: Swype – Type - Write - Speak - Living Learning Keyboard - Next Word Prediction - New Look and Feel – Voice-Text Dictionary Sync -Personal Language Model – Default Dictionary Editing


Multimodal
Swype now delivers a four input modalities in one keyboard. Swype from letter to letter; Type rapidly with predictive text input powered by XT9; Swype naturally through a fully integrated Dragon button; or, simply Write letters, words and symbols using your fingertip.

Living Learning Keyboard
Swype builds a personal language model to fit your input style. It’s a ‘living keyboard’ as we call it. The more you use it, the more accurate it gets.

Next Word Prediction
Swype has integrated advanced bi-gram and tri-gram modeling from the XT9 portfolio, to provide uncanny next-word-prediction. With Swype’s learning language model, the predictions are more accurate with each use.

New Look and Feel
Swype is snazzier than ever. We’ve redesigned the product from the ground up. We’ve made an effort to simplify both interaction and interface for a much cleaner look. And there’s no more globe key—just long press the space bar to change languages!

Voice-Text Dictionary Syncing
Every new word added to your personal dictionary gets added for both speech and text. Swype has a unified language model, so after new words are added to your dictionary you can speak or write them no matter how unique or specialized. You can even have Swype learn from emails, texts, Facebook and Twitter.

…AND, you asked for it! Swype Beta now supports:
Default dictionary editing! Just long press on the word when it’s in the horizontal candidate list to remove it from your default dictionary
Personalization with Twitter, Facebook, Gmail, and SMS! Import words from previous SMS messages in Swype Settings > Swype Connect > Personalization. We also grab contacts from Gmail and Facebook, and messages from Twitter.

Major improvements to Korean and Chinese. Swype supports ChunJiIn keyboard for Korean. Chinese now supports both Simplified and Traditional input in Pinyin, Zhuyin, Bihua, Canjie and Quick Canjie.

Install Swype Beta alongside your pre-installed version of Swype! You no longer do you have to root your device to get the Swype Beta if Swype is pre-installed. We’ve changed the namespace so you can maintain your perfectly tested pre-installed Swype keyboard AND try out the latest and greatest from Swype.

What's new in this version:
Fixed bug on HTC Sense devices where Dragon Dictation wasn't functional.
Re-introduced Japanese language support.
Significant improvements in text editing (gestures to Shift words are more relevant and forgiving, punctuation gesture improvements, etc.).
Implicit add to dictionary functionality improved (quarantine mechanism more consistent).
Fixed 'bouncing' Chinese spelling list bug.
We have updated the text message scanning mechanism to run in the background and automatically learn the words and language model from the user (this is why "SMS" is no longer available in Swype Settings > Swype Connect > Enable Personalization)
Advanced Language Modeling introduced for Arabic, Czech, Romanian, Russian, and Slovak.
Various improvements in accuracy.
Implemented workarounds to handle cursor placement/text editing behavior a bit better in Google Chrome.


                             By bobiras2009	