Storyline

Max is a genius mathematician who's built a supercomputer at home that provides something that can be understood as a key for understanding all existence. Representatives both from a Hasidic cabalistic sect and high-powered Wall Street firm hear of that secret and attempt to seduce him.

The mathematician Maximillian Cohen is tormented by a severe migraine since he was a kid, and he uses many pills to reduce his painful headaches. He is a lonely man, and his only friend is his former professor Sol Robeson. Max has the following assumptions, which rules his life: (1) Mathematics is the language of nature; (2) Everything around us can be represented and understood from numbers; (3) If you graph the numbers in any system, patterns emerge. Therefore there are patterns everywhere in nature. Based on these principles, Max is trying to figure out a system to predict the behavior of the stock market. Due to his research, Max is chased by a Wall Street company with obvious interest in the results of his studies, and by a Chasidic Torah scholar, who believes that this long string of numbers is a code sent from God.  Written by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 

In Manhattan, behind six locks, lives Max Cohen, a mathematician and computer whiz. Since staring at the sun at age six, he's had terrible headaches; plus, he can't abide human contact except with an aging professor, and he's obsessed with finding numeric patterns. His current obsession is the stock market; his theories bring him to the attention of Wall Street traders. He also keeps running into Lenny, a fast-talking Chasidic who fronts for a cabal that wants to rediscover long-lost mathematical mysteries in the Torah. Neither group is benign, and they pursue Max as his hallucinations and headaches worsen. Does nature offer any solutions? Can Max find them?

General
      Complete name : Pi (1998)
      Format/Info : Audio Video Interleave / DVDRIP
      File size : 699 MiB
      Duration : 1h 23mn
      Overall bit rate : 1167 Kbps
Video #0
      ID : 0
      Format : MPEG-4 Visual
      Format profile : AdvancedSimple@L5
      Format settings, BVOP : Yes
      Format settings, QPel : No
      Format settings, GMC : No warppoints
      Format settings, Matrix : Default (H.263)
      Muxing mode : Packed bitstream
      Codec ID : XVID
      Duration : 1h 23mn
      Bit rate : 966 Kbps
      Width : 480 pixels
      Height : 288 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 1.667
      Frame rate : 23.976 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
      Colorimetry : 4:2:0
      Scan type : Progressive
      Bits/(Pixel*Frame) : 0.291
      Stream size : 579 MiB (83%)
Audio #1
      ID : 1
      Format/Info : Audio Coding 3
      Codec ID : 2000
      Duration : 1h 23mn
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 192 Kbps
      Channel(s) : 2 channels
      Channel positions : L R
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Video delay : 30ms
      Stream size : 115 MiB (16%)
      Alignment : Split accross interleaves
      Interleave, duration : 42 ms (1.00 video frame)
      Interleave, preload duration : 500 ms