                  

                            PART  426


          TOM PETTY AND THE HEARTBREAKERS - Refugee  (1979)
          STEVIE NICKS AND TOM PETTY - Stop Draggin' My Heart Around  (1981)
          TOM PETTY  -  I Won't Back Down  (1989)
          TOM PETTY  -  A Face In The Crowd  (1990)
          TOM PETTY AND THE HEARTBREAKERS  - Mary Jane's Last Dance  (1993)




      "Refugee" is the title of a song recorded by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It was released in January 1980 as the second single from their album "Damn the Torpedoes". It peaked at #15 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in 1980
      "Stop Draggin' My Heart Around" was the first single from Stevie Nicks' debut solo album "Bella Donna". The album's only song that was neither written nor co-written by Nicks, it was written by Tom Petty and Mike Campbell as a Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers song, but Jimmy Iovine, who was also working for Stevie Nicks at the time, arranged for her to sing on it. Petty sang with Nicks in the chorus and bridge, whilst his entire band played on the song.A performance of the song in the studio was used as the promotional video. The song reached #3 on the US Billboard Hot 100. It was not a success in Europe, however; it reached only #50 in the UK.
     "I Won't Back Down" is the first single from Tom Petty's first solo album,"Full Moon Fever" released in 1989. The song was written by Petty and his writing partner for the album, Jeff Lynne. It reached number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 and topped the Album Rock Tracks chart for five weeks, starting the album's road to multi-platinum status.The music video was shot on March 22 and 23, 1989 on a sound stage at Pinewood Studios and released on April 24, 1989. George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, Mike Campbell and Ringo Starr are featured in the video along with George's famous painted stratocaster "Rocky". Starr is depicted in the video as playing the drums on the song, though in reality, drumming was performed by Phil Jones.
     "A Face in the Crowd" is the title of a song co-written and recorded by Tom Petty. It was released in March 1990 as the fourth single from his first solo album "Full Moon Fever". It peaked at number 46 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart.
      "Mary Jane's Last Dance" is a song written by Tom Petty and recorded byTom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It was recorded on July 22, 1993 while Petty was recording his Wildflowers album, and was produced by Rick Rubin, guitarist Mike Campbell, and Tom Petty.This song was first released as part of the Greatest Hits album in 1993. It rose to #14 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first Billboard Top 20 hit of the 1990s, and also topped the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart for two weeks.The music video, which won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video in 1994, features Petty as a morgue assistant who takes home a dead woman (played by Kim Basinger) for a dinner date. A scene in the video featuring the dead woman wearing a wedding dress in a room full of wax candles is loosely based on a passage from the Charles Dickens novel Great Expectations. Later, Petty is shown carrying her to a rocky shore and gently releasing her into the sea. At the end of the video, Basinger is seen floating in the water with her eyes open.  During the final scenes of the video, Tom is seen carrying Kim Basinger through a cave before placing her in the water. The cave is located at Leo Carrillo State Park, Malibu CA where many movies and television shows were filmed.
