genre: strategy / rpg / fantasy
release date: October 5, 2006
compatible with: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit)
languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish.
developer / publisher: GSC Game World / GSC Game World
game modes: single-player, multi-player

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
manual
8 wallpapers
soundtrack
10 avatars
4 artworks

What's cool about it:

    Enjoy a seamless combination of RTS and RPG game-play with a possibility to combine or choose between one and the other.
    Follow the captivating campaign with a storyline written by Ukrainian novelist Ilya Novak.
    A unique card-based magic system with over 50 different cards that you can combine to conjure desired effects.

Overview:

The spectre of war is looming over the world of Atlans. The young and courageous Elven ranger, Elhant, must gather an army to prevent his people from being damned by bloodshed and conflict. Elhant will encounter love, hatred, friendship, and betrayal; he will have to survive through blood-shedding clashes and massive battles. Our hero will not fight alone as he is assisted by Lana, the daughter of the elven supreme commander, and her Druid army. Join them as they travel the land of Atlans and fight to save themselves and their people from the power-hungry Necros Horron and his undead horde.

Heroes of Annihilated Empires is a seamless blend of RTS and RPG gameplay in a breathtaking fantasy world, filled to the brim with elves, dragons, dwarves and ents. On the RTS side, you must build a base, gather resources, and gather an army. If you like a more personal play-style, Heroes of Annihilated Empires lets you play the part of a hero leading the same forces you collected in the RTS side of the game all the while gaining experience and power and wielding powerful spells.

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Blood, Mild Fantasy Violence, Mild Suggestive Themes. PEGI Rating: 12+ with Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP, Intel Pentium 4 2Ghz or AMD Athlon XP 2000+, 1 GB RAM for Windows XP, 1.5 GB for Vista, nVidia GeForce FX5200 or ATI Radeon 9000 Video card with 128MB Memory, DirectX 8.0 compatible Sound, 2.5 Gb Free Hard drive space

Installation

1. Double click the .exe
2. Click next, accept the EULA, select which path you want the game installed to, ect.
3. Play
