Kung Fu - Liang_Style_BaGua_Old_Eight_Mother_Palms_w_Zhang_Quan-Liang

Those who have studied the Ba Gua applications videos know that Ba Gua Zhang is a very powerful and sophisticated system of Chinese martial art. And yet, all of the amazing applications are all derived from the eight basic palms of Ba Gua circle walking. No matter how complicated the various Ba Gua systems that have been developed, they are all based on these eight basic palms. So, the practice and careful study of these palm postures is essential to an understanding and realization of Ba Gua Chang. The eight palms are basically the same in all Ba Gua schools but there are variations between the schools. Presented here is the Cheng School of Ba Gua Zhang Eight Basic Palms.

Because it is an internal kungfu style, what you see in the eight palm postures is almost nothing. This is because the outer form is only a small part of the kungfu; it is the inner workings of these palm postures that is the most important. While walking the circle in the Ba Step, you must study how the skeletal structure aligns, how the muscles move, how the posture is balanced, how the breath penetrates the bones, how the power is achieved, and all of these are more important than how the outer postures appear. Yet, these inner powers are all achieved through the study of the palm postures. 

So, do not neglect to practice them. Study what they do to your inner being. They look simple and they are simple; but what they give you in martial skill is very complex and sophisticated and powerful. They look easy and they are easy; but to practice them properly is not so easy. There are a thousand ways to do them wrong but only a few ways to do them right. So, do not be fooled by their simplicity any more than you should be fooled by the reflection of the sky on deep water. The eight basic palms conceal the great depth hidden in Ba Gua Zhang. To plumb the depths, you must look inside yourself as you walk the circle and study the eight palms.

Presented here is the Liang Style BaGua Old Eight Mother Palms with Zhang Quan-Liang

