This is a Release of Journey 2 - The Mysterious Island (2012) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.38GB.
This Release includes:
- Journey 2 - The Mysterious Island (2012) DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features
	-Gag Reel
	-Deleted Scenes
-Journey 2 – The Mysterious Island FROUNT & BACK DVD COVERS

That’s the WHOLE Journey 2 – The Mysterious Island DVD ripped FOR YOU TO ENJOY including ALL THE BONUS MATERIAL!! Please seed! Cheers…vladtepes3176

PLOT: Journey 2: The Mysterious Island (also known as Journey to the Mysterious Island) is a 2012 American 3D science fiction adventure film directed by Brad Peyton and the sequel to the 2008 film Journey to the Center of the Earth. Following the first film, the sequel is based on another Jules Verne novel, this time The Mysterious Island, similar to the first movie and second film in theJourney series. 

CAST:
Dwayne Johnson as Hank Parsons, Sean's stepfather.
Michael Caine as Alexander Anderson, Sean's grandfather.
Josh Hutcherson as Sean Anderson, Liz's son and Hank's stepson who wants to find his missing grandfather on the mysterious island.
Vanessa Hudgens as Kailani, Sean's love interest and a tour guide.

DETAILS:
English
Runtime:94 minutes
IMDB: tt1397514

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION: The new family adventure Journey 2: The Mysterious Island begins when seventeen-year-old Sean Anderson (Josh Hutcherson) receives a coded distress signal from a mysterious island where no island should exist.
Unable to stop him from tracking the signal to its source, Sean's new stepfather, Hank (Dwayne Johnson), joins the quest that will take them first to the South Pacific, and then to a place few people have ever seen. Or lived to tell about. It's a place of stunning beauty, strange and threatening life forms, volcanoes, mountains of gold and more than one astonishing secret.
Together with Gabato (Luis Guzmán), the only helicopter pilot willing to risk the trip, and Gabato's beautiful, strong-willed daughter Kailani (Vanessa Hudgens), they set out to find the island, rescue its lone human inhabitant and escape before seismic shockwaves force the island underwater and bury its treasures forever, in this follow-up to the 2008 worldwide hit Journey to the Center of the Earth.

Please SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176
