genre: adventure / action / puzzle
download size: 416 MB
release date: October 10, 1994
compatible with: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit)
languages: Audio and Text: English, German, French Text: Spanish, Italian
developer / publisher: Adeline Software International / Didier Chanfray SARL
game modes: single-player

Bonus content included for FREE with the game:
manual
wallpaper
10 avatars
26 artworks
66 cinematic shots
high-res artworks
31 design sketches
dev team photo

What's cool about it:

    Well-written story, memorable characters, and surreal environment will give you an adventure you will never forget
    Huge world to explore with many secrets to uncover, places to visit, and mysteries to solve
    Clever puzzles with multiple solutions: the crazier you think the easier it is to solve them

Overview:

Chilling dreams of destruction and doom fill your mind. You feel compelled to warn the world, but in so doing are imprisoned by the tyrannous Dr. Funfrock. Imprisoned because of a dream? You know in your soul that you must escape somehow and discover the meaning behind this mystery.

As Twinsen, prophet and savior, you embark on a surreal and suspense-filled journey. You cross continents in your quest to save the world and stop your evil nemesis. At any moment, your enemies may overtake you, stopping you in your pursuit of the Legend. Relentless you must be, for only those who remain pure can overcome the peril that awaits.

Little Big Adventure is a real gem in the genre. There is nothing else like it. The game is filled with surreal action and adventure that will make you laugh many times because you can hardly believe the kind of crazy things they've thought up. So if you are in a mood for a crazy adventure with great story, clever puzzles with more than one solution, and open world then you can∩┐╜t go wrong with this masterpiece of a game.

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Animated Violence.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.

Installation

1. Double click the .exe
2. Click next, accept the EULA, select which path you want the game installed to, ect.
3. Play
