Superbowl 32 (Den 31 - GB 24) Original TV Broadcast

Video Codec..........: XviD ISO MPEG-4 
Video Bitrate........: 1135kbps 
Duration.............: 2:23:10
Resolution...........: 600*452 
Framerate............: 29.970 
Bits/(Pixel*Frame)...: 0.140
Audio Codec..........: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3 
Audio Bitrate........: 224 kbps CBR 
Audio Channels.......: 2 
Filesize.............: 1,471,968,112 
 
http://bayimg.com/AambAaaDJ
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0478286/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superbowl_32


Super Bowl XXXII was an American football game played on January 25, 1998 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion following the 1997 regular season. Qualcomm Stadium would also host the 1998 World Series, becoming the only stadium to host the Super Bowl and the World Series in the same calendar year.

The American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos (16–4) defeated the heavily favored National Football Conference (NFC) champion and defending Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers (15–4), 31–24. The Broncos' win was their first league championship after suffering four previous Super Bowl losses, and snapped a 13-game losing streak for AFC teams in the Super Bowl (the previous being the Los Angeles Raiders win in Super Bowl XVIII in 1984). The Broncos became just the second wild card team to win a Super Bowl and the first since the Raiders in Super Bowl XV. The Packers were the first team favored to win by double digits to lose a Super Bowl since Super Bowl III.

Despite suffering a migraine headache that caused him to miss most of the second quarter, Denver running back Terrell Davis (a San Diego native) was named Super Bowl MVP. He ran for 157 yards, caught 2 passes for 8 yards, and scored a Super Bowl record three rushing touchdowns.

FIRST HALF

Packers wide receiver Antonio Freeman returned the opening kickoff 19 yards to the Green Bay 24-yard line. On the third play of the drive, quarterback Brett Favre kept the offense on the field by completing a 13-yard pass to Freeman on third down and 9. Then running back Dorsey Levens rushed the ball on three consecutive plays, gaining 27 yards to advance to the Denver 35-yard line. Favre finished the drive with two completions to Freeman: the first one for 13 yards and the second one a 22-yard touchdown pass to give the Packers a 7–0 lead (the Packers were the third team to take the opening kickoff down the field and score a touchdown on that drive; the other two were Miami in Super Bowl VIII and San Francisco in Super Bowl XXIX).

The Broncos stormed right back with a touchdown of their own. Denver running back Vaughn Hebron returned the ensuing kickoff 32 yards to their own 42-yard line. Denver then drove to the Green Bay 46-yard line. On third down, a holding penalty on Packers defensive back Doug Evans nullified quarterback John Elway's incompletion and gave the Broncos a first down. On the next play, running back Terrell Davis ran the ball 27 yards to the 14-yard line. Then after a 2-yard run by Davis, Elway scrambled 10-yards to gain a first down at the 2-yard line. Two plays later, Davis capped off the 10-play, 58-yard drive with a 1-yard touchdown run to tie the game (this was the first Super Bowl in which both teams scored TDs on their opening drives).

On the second play of the Packers next possession, Denver defensive back Tyrone Braxton intecepted a pass from Favre at Green Bay's 45-yard line. Aided by 5 runs by Davis for 29 yards, the Broncos marched 45 yards to score on Elway's 1-yard touchdown run on the first play of the second quarter, taking a 14–7 lead.
Elway's touchdown play involved a fake handoff to Davis, who was previously taken out of the game during the drive because the onset of a migraine headache after being inadverdantly tripped by Leroy Butler had severely impaired his vision. But head coach Mike Shanahan decided to send him into the game for the third down play, believing that the Packers would not be fooled by a fake handoff without Davis on the field. Davis later said his vision was so impaired that he was afraid Elway would call an audible at the line and try to hand him the ball. Despite his blurred vision, Davis perfectly executed the play and Green Bay defenders were fooled just enough to allow Elway to score. By the second half, Davis had taken migraine medication and his vision had returned to normal, allowing him to play the rest of the game.

On the Packers ensuing possession, Broncos safety Steve Atwater forced a fumble while sacking Favre, and defensive end Neil Smith recovered the ball on the Packers 33-yard line. Although the Broncos were unable to get a first down, kicker Jason Elam made a 51-yard field goal, the second longest in Super Bowl history, to increase Denver's lead to 17-7. Both teams went three-and-out on their next possessions, and Denver punter Tom Rouen's 47-yard kick planted Green Bay at their own 5-yard line with 7:38 left in the quarter. But Green Bay stormed down the field on their ensuing drive, marching 95 yards in 17 plays and scoring with Favre's 6-yard touchdown pass to tight end Mark Chmura with just 12 seconds left in the half. Thus by halftime, the Broncos held onto a slim 17–14 lead.

SECOND HALF

Green Bay kicked to Denver to start the 2nd half. On the first play after the second half kickoff, Green Bay defensive back Tyrone Williams forced and recovered a fumble from Davis at the Broncos 26-yard line. Green Bay's offense took possession deep in Denver territory, but Denver's defense forced a "three and out." However, Denver was called for an offside penalty on the field goal attempt following the three and out, giving Green Bay a new set of downs. Green Bay had 1st and 10 inside the Broncos twenty yard line, but again, Denver forced a second consecutive "three and out" and Green Bay had to settle for field goal from the 9-yard line. This series marked a "six and out" forced by Denver's Defense, tying the game at 17–17 on Ryan Longwell's 27-yard field goal.

Green Bay kicked off once again and Denver's offense stalled, forcing a punt, giving the Packers good field position again near their 40 yard line. But for a third consecutive time, Denver's defense forced a "three and out." On the ensuing punt, again Denver's special teams was called for an offside penalty, giving Green Bay a fresh set of downs near midfield. Once again, Denver's defense forced a "three and out" for a fourth consecutive time. Marking back to back "six and outs" by Denver's defense to begin the second half to keep the score tied at 17–17.
Later in the quarter, Green Bay punter Craig Hentrich's 51-yard kick pinned the Broncos back at their own 8-yard line. But the Packers defense could not stop Denver as they marched on a 13-play, 92-yard drive to regain the lead. Aided by a 36-yard reception by receiver Ed McCaffrey, the Broncos advanced to the Green Bay 12-yard line. Then on third down, Elway scrambled for an 8-yard run and dove for the first down, a play in which he was hit so hard by two Packers defenders that he spun sideways through the air (This run has been later referred to as "The Helicopter"). Many consider The Helicopter as Elway's defining career moment and the defining moment of Super Bowl XXXII. Two plays later, Davis scored another 1-yard touchdown run, giving the Broncos the lead, 24–17.

On the ensuing kick off, Denver's special teams player Detron Smith ran full speed into the wedge of the Green Bay blockers, forcing Antonio Freeman outside, to his left. Freeman was hit as he held the ball exposed running side ways and fumbled, Denver defensive back Tim McKyer recovered the ball at the Packers 22-yard line. Immediately the Broncos tried to capitalize on the turnover by trying to throw for a touchdown, a pass intended for Rod Smith as he ran a post pattern following a fake handoff and a roll out by Elway, but Packers safety Eugene Robinson intercepted Elway's pass in the end zone and returned it to the 15-yard line.

After the interception, the Packers marched 85 yards in just 4 plays, 3 of them receptions by Freeman, to tie it up once again 1:28 into the fourth quarter with Freeman's 13-yard touchdown catch. On the scoring play, Packers receivers Antonio Freeman and Robert Brooks ran a "criss-cross" pattern, with Antonio Freeman on the inside running towards the sidelines. Denver defensive back Darrien Gordon hesitated as to which to cover and Favre hit Freeman for the score.

Both teams' defenses tightened up, and the clubs exchanged punts twice. With Green Bay pinned at their own 10-yard line, Hentrich then kicked the ball 39 yards to the Packers 49-yard line with 3:27 left in the game. On the first play of the ensuing drive, Packers linebacker Darius Holland committed a 15-yard facemask penalty while tackling Davis on a 2-yard run, moving the ball to the 32-yard line. Two plays later, Elway completed a 23-yard pass to fullback Howard Griffith. A holding penalty pushed the Broncos back to the 18-yard line, but then Davis rushed 17 yards to the 1-yard line and the Broncos called a timeout. This left the Broncos facing second and goal with 1:47 left on the clock. The Packers had two timeouts remaining.

Packers coach Mike Holmgren told his team to let the Broncos score to maximize the time the Packers would have on the clock for a potentially game-tying drive. He admitted later that he had thought that it was first and goal rather than second and goal, crucial to clock management decision making on the play.[4] Davis did score his third rushing touchdown on second and goal, leaving 1:45 on the clock. The Broncos now had a one touchdown lead, at 31-24.

The Packers attempted one final drive to try to tie the game before the end of regulation and send the contest into overtime. Broncos coach Mike Shanahan famously instructed his defensive coordinators to keep playing the same prevent defense as the Green Bay Packers attempted to drive downfield in the final two minutes of the game. Freeman returned the Broncos' kickoff 22 yards to the 30-yard line, and the Packers advanced to the Broncos' 35-yard line with 1:04 left in the game with a pair of completions from Favre to Levens for gains of 22 and 13 yards on the next 2 plays. After a 4-yard pass to Levens, Favre's next 2 passes fell incomplete - one of them was a bullet throw to a wide open Freeman around the 15-yard line, which would have given the Packers a first down, but Freeman could not handle the pass. Then on fourth down, Denver linebacker John Mobley broke up a pass intended for Chmura, enabling the Broncos to take the ball back and run out the clock for the victory.
