LEGO: Lord of the Rings - Wii Version

Based on The Lord of the Rings motion picture trilogy, LEGO® The Lord of the Rings follows the original storylines of The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, taking players through the epic story events reimagined with the humor and endless variety of LEGO play. Trusted with the dangerous task to destroy an ancient magical ring that threatens all that is good, Frodo is forced to leave his peaceful home. But the ring wants to be found and the road to Mount Doom, the only place where it can be destroyed, will be perilous and riddled with Orcs and fouler things. To help Frodo, a Fellowship is formed - Aragorn the Ranger, Gandalf the Wizard, Legolas the Elf, Gimli the Dwarf, Boromir a Man of Gondor, and Frodo's Hobbit friends Sam, Merry and Pippin. Players relive the legend through the LEGO minifigures, as they explore wonders, solve timeless riddles, and overcome endless foes in their quest to destroy the Ring.

Explore all of the open-world of Middle-earth and experience epic battles with Orcs, Uruk-hai, the Balrog, the Witch-king, and other fearsome creatures.
Wield the power of the Palantír or Seeing-stone (one that looks far-away'), and jump between multiple storylines.
Experience the LEGO The Lord of the Rings heroes come to life in an all new way with the minifig characters delivering the dialogue from the films.
Collect, combine and forge new items in the Blacksmith Shop using Mithril, the most precious metal in Middle-earth.
Discover and unlock over more than 60 playable characters, including Frodo, Aragorn, Gandalf, and many others.
Collect and use a variety of weaponry and magical items, including the Light of Earendil, Elven rope, swords, and bows.
Play with family and friends with easy access drop-in, drop-out gameplay option.




Please enjoy as this is my first ever torrent release, but since no one else felt it necessary to release this...................................