Miles Davis - In Concert. Live At Philharmonic Hall, New York - 1973 

CBS 88601, Holland 1st pressing

2LP, Vinyl Rip, 24/96, FLAC (image+.cue)

Rip by aksman

Record 1: "FOOT FOOLER" IN CONCERT, PARTS 1 & 2

Record 2: "SLICKAPHONICS" IN CONCERT, PARTS 3 & 4

Performers
 Miles Davis - electric trumpet with wah-wah
 Carlos Garnett - soprano & tenor saxophone
 Cedric Lawson - electric piano, synthesizer
 Reggie Lucas - electric guitar
 Khalil Balakrishna - electric sitar
 Michael Henderson - electric bass
 Al Foster - drums
 Badal Roy - tablas
 James Mtume - percussion

Technical Log

 RCM Hannl 'limited' with "Rotating Brush"
 Music Hall MMF 9.1 Turntable
 Tonearm: Pro-Ject 9cc evo with Pure Silver Wires
 Cartridge: Nagaoka MP-500
 Brocksieper Phonomax (Tube Phono PreAmp)
 E-MU 0404 external USB 2.0 Audiointerface
 Interconnections : Silent Wire NF5
 WaveLab 6 recording software
 iZotope RX Advanced 1.21 for resampling and dithering

 Vacuum cleaning > TT > Brocksieper Phonomax > E-MU 0404 > WaveLab 6 (24/192) > manual click removal >
 analyze (no clipping, no DC Bias offset) > converted to 24/96 with iZotope RX Advanced 1.21
 > split into individual Tracks > FLAC encoded (Vers. 1.21)

 No silence been removed, please burn gapless to match original tracklayout.

Personal Note (from aksman)

 With my vinyl transfers, I try to catch the whole beauty of vinyl records; therefore I don't use any post-processing or any sound improvement. What you get is a clear and flat transfer. For getting a clear sound, I'll do an extended washing of each record with my RCM, which can take up to 30 minutes brushing on each side. Resistant ticks and clicks I try to remove as good as possible, but the priority is not to lose any musical information in the process. Surface noises, as long they are not too high, are left in place. Only on bad pressings or on records recorded at extremely low levels do I use a fade in-/-out. As John Peel said, "Life is full of surface noises." In some cases this means that I have to make a compromise.... The result has to pass my personal quality criteria, which is IMO quite high.

A big thank you goes to"Lance Stoke" & "boboeltoto" for their generous help in purchasing this record!!!