                       Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol (2011)



Genres:Action | Adventure | Thriller

Ratings: 7.5/10 from 126,289 users



The IMF is shut down when it's implicated in the bombing of the Kremlin, causing Ethan Hunt and his new team to go rogue to clear their organization's name.

Director:Brad Bird

Writers:Josh Appelbaum, André Nemec

Stars:
Tom Cruise 	        ... 	Ethan Hunt
Paula Patton 	 	... 	Jane Carter
Simon Pegg 	 	... 	Benji Dunn
Jeremy Renner 	 	... 	William Brandt
Michael Nyqvist 	... 	Kurt Hendricks
Vladimir Mashkov 	... 	Anatoly Sidorov
Samuli Edelmann 	... 	Wistrom
Ivan Shvedoff 		... 	Leonid Lisenker
Anil Kapoor 		... 	Brij Nath
Léa Seydoux 		... 	Sabine Moreau
Josh Holloway 	 	... 	Trevor Hanaway
Pavel Kríz 		... 	Marek Stefanski
Miraj Grbic 	 	... 	Bogdan
Ilia Volok 	 	... 	The Fog
Goran Navojec 	 	... 	Burly Russian Prisoner 


Storyline

In the fourth installment of the Mission Impossible series, Ethan Hunt and a new team race against time to track down Hendricks, a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to Russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the United States. An attempt by the team to stop him at the Kremlin ends in a disaster, with an explosion causing severe damage to the Kremlin and the IMF being implicated in the bombing, forcing the President to invoke Ghost Protocol, under which the IMF is disavowed, and will be offered no help or backup in any form. Undaunted, Ethan and his team chase Hendricks to Dubai, and from there to Mumbai, but several spectacular action sequences later, they might still be too late to stop a disaster.


Details

Official Sites:Paramount [France] | Paramount [United States] | Add/edit official sites  »

Country:USA | United Arab Emirates

Language:English | Russian | French (only a few words) | Arabic | Swedish (only a few words)

Release Date:21 December 2011 (USA) 

Also Known As:Mi4 

Filming Locations:Granville Island, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 
