Please read : 






Hey everyone, first of all please stop asking for the unsplit version of any upload, what is going on?? suddenly people want unsplit versions ?!! then don't look here, look somewhere else, and sorry i will ignore anyone other than who thanks and support, because actually you are here eventually in my profile and everything is split in here, if you don't understand the meaning and the benefit, so go search somewhere else, i just do split, this is the last time i will talk about it , sorry but it's really bothering, if you were in my shoes , you will understand.


secondly, sorry for the splitting mistakes in 550 day 3, actually i was in a hurry because i was in class while i was doing it :D hehehe yes i was, it was little boring class so i decided to have fun a little and had my laptop so start splitting :D :P the next asot 550 i will do it better :D


thanks to anyone who is supporting, and commenting


special thanks to qussay86 for supplying the NEW COVERS for asot :)



Twitter: inspiron22





Tracklist :



Tracklist:

01. Shogun – Skyfire (Intro Mix)
02. Andrew Rayel – 550 Senta (Aether Mix)
03. Omnia & IRA – The Fusion
04. Dennis Sheperd & Talla 2XLC – Two Worlds
05. Wezz Devall – Kill Of The Year
06. Orjan Nilsen – Amsterdam
07. Tritonal feat. Fisher – Slave (Tritonal & Ben Gold Club Dub)
08. W&W – Invasion
09. Ørjan Nilsen – Between The Rays
10. Setrise & Johann Stone – Icesave
11. Armin van Buuren pres. Gaia – Stellar
12. Abstract Vision & Elite Electronic – Kinetic
13. Armin van Buuren pres. Gaia – J’ai Envie De Toi
14. Andy Moor feat. Sue McLaren – Fight The Fire (Stoneface & Terminal Remix)
15. W&W – Impact (MaRLo Remix)
16. Cerf, Mitiska & Jaren with Rank 1 – Witness (Tomas Heredia Remix)
17. Jorn van Deynhoven – Spotlight
18. Sebastian Brandt – Ashes w/ Cathy Burton – Reach Out For Me (Acapella) (Armin van Buuren Mashup)
19. Ferry Corsten & Armin van Buuren – Brute (Illegal Drum Edit)
20. Gareth Emery feat. Christina Novelli – Concrete Angel (John O’Callaghan Remix)
21. Armin van Buuren & Ørjan Nilsen – Belter
22. MaRLo – Megalodon
23. Indecent Noise feat. Ridgewalkers – Full Moon Fever (Power Dub)
24. Armin van Buuren feat. Jan Vayne – Serenity
25. Armin van Buuren feat. Christian Burns – This Light Between Us (Great Strings Mix)



Enjoy
(Inspiron)


