LPIC-1/CompTIA Linux+ Certification EXAM GUIDE


(Exams LPIC-1/LX0-101 & LX0-102) Robb H. Tracy




The CD-ROM included with this book comes complete with MasterExam practice exam
software, video training from the author, CompTIA’s Exam Objectives Lists for LX0-101 and LX0-102, and a PDF copy of the book.



MasterExam

MasterExam provides you with a simulation of the actual exams. The number of ques-
tions, the type of questions, and the time allowed are intended to be an accurate representation of the exam environment. You have the option to take an open-book exam, including hints, references, and answers, a closed-book exam, or the timed MasterExam simulation.

When you launch MasterExam, a digital clock display will appear in the bottom
right-hand corner of your screen. The clock will continue to count down to zero unless you choose to end the exam before the time expires.


Video Training Clips

MP4 video clips provide detailed examples of key certification objectives in audio/video format direct from the author of the book. These clips walk you step-by-step through various system administration tasks. You can access the clips directly from the Video table of contents by clicking the Videos link on the main launch page.


PDF Copy of the Book

The entire contents of the Exam Guide are provided in PDF. Adobe’s Acrobat Reader has been included on the CD.

Help

A help file is provided through the help button on the main page in the lower left-hand corner. An individual help feature is also available through MasterExam.




ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Robb H. Tracy (CNA, CNE, CNI, A+, Network+, Linux+) has been a professional technology instructor and courseware developer since 1996. He has designed and implemented technical training products and curricula for major hardware and software vendors including Novell, Micron Technology, TestOut, Messaging Architects, Caselle, MoveNetworks, Makau, Cymphonix, and NextPage. Robb previously served on CompTIA’s Network+ Advisory Committee, where he helped define the objectives that make up the CompTIA Network+ certification. He is a cofounder of Nebo Technical Institute, Inc., a leading provider of information technology training and consulting. Robb is the author of Novell Certified Linux Engineer (Novell CLE) Study Guide (Novell Press, 2005), Novell Certified Linux Engineer 9 (CLE 9) Study Guide (Novell Press, 2006), and Linux+ Certification Study Guide (Certification Press, 2008). Robb was also a contributing author to SUSE Linux 10 Unleashed (Sams Publishing, 2006).

About the Technical Editor

Brian Barber (Linux+, MCSE, MCSA, MCP+I, MCNE, CNE, CNA-GW) is the Manager
of Monitoring and Reporting Systems with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation
(CDIC). He first started using Linux at home with Red Hat 5.1, and since then he has been a staunch advocate of open source software in both commercial and residential settings; he has belonged to the Ottawa Canada Linux User Group (OCLUG) since 2001. His primary areas of interest are operating systems, multiplatform integration, directory services, and enterprise messaging. In the past he has held the positions of Principal Consultant with Sierra Systems Group, Senior Technical Coordinator with LGS Group (now a part of IBM Global Services), and Senior Technical Analyst with MetLife Canada. Brian has been a lead author or a contributing and technical editor to over 15 technology books.
