EaseUS® Todo Backup Advanced Server 5.3

EaseUS Todo Backup Advanced Server is the Windows Server backup and disaster recovery for both physical and virtual Windows Server environments. It provides powerful server data backup & recovery features such as fast system & files backup, disaster recovery, Exchange/SQL Server database backup & recovery, advanced backup scheduler and universal restore. It will simplify both basic and advanced server backup & recovery management while minimizing server downtime as well as ensuring business continuity.

Backup

    Backup system - one-click system backup. Back entire system state, including the operation system and installed applications on-the-fly without interrupting Windows work.
    Backup all files - network shared files, specified files & folders and kinds of file types can be full or selectively backed up with backup type display.
    New! Copy to cloud - backup to Cloud Directory folder and then synchronously store backup images to Google Drive, SkyDrive, Dropbox and so on for double protection of data.
    Easily backup to NAS - just one time to Add Network-attached storage as the destination and one click to backup your Server to NAS for data security when your Server are greatly reduced.
    Outlook backup and restore - backs up of all your email messages in Outlook and save them in a safe way, so you always can access them, especially when you accidentally delete email.
    Backup certain file type in specified folder - allows you to specify one file type to backup in certain folder, avoiding monotonous and boring manual efforts.
    Libraries backup/restore - one click to backup all files including documents, music, pictures and videos under Libraries in Windows 7.
    Backup Network Data - full protect network data, including network shared file on NAS and Windows, with full backup, incremental backup, differential backup and schedule backup, etc.
    Backup Exchange Server database - reliable database backup & recovery solution to full protect Exchange Server 2003, 2007 & 2010 or individual mailbox. What's more, it can support Exchange server backup in clustered environment.
    Backup SQL Server database - reliable database backup & recovery solution to full protect SQL Server 2000, 2005, 2008 and 2008 R2.
    Backup data to tape - back up hard disk, partition, files and database information to tape devices.
    Schedule backup - create plans for your server backups by hour/day/week/month and automate regular backups for a "set it and forget it" backup on servers.
    Differential disk and file backup - capture the changes since the last full disk/partition or file backup to save disk space.
    Incremental disk and file backup - backup the changes of your files since last disk/partition or file backup and save the storage space.
    Event-based backup - create backups based on events or conditions like system startup/shutdown, user log on/logout.
    Email Notification - notify administrator with the results of backup operations via multiple email addresses.
    Back up to FTP server for double protection - backup server operating system and files to remote FTP server and double protect your server with immediate offsite backup.
    Disk & Partition backup - backup the entire hard disk, partition, dynamic volume or GPT disk for a system protection or migration with backup type display.

 
Recovery

    Hot! PXE Server for booting one machine from the network to bootable environment for system restore, especially for bare metal recovery with no bootable media required.
    Brand-new backup and recovery interface - brand-new interface for easy backup and recovery process to save time and avoid troubles.
    System migration - fast, easy and safely migrate system to a SSD without reinstalling windows.
    Selective file restore - selectively recover files & folders from a backup image without recovering entire image.
    Restore system to dissimilar hardware (P2P) - easily restore the system and files to dissimilar hardware configuration for hardware replacement or use one-click to restore system to dissimilar hardware to quickly complete migration.
    Disk & partition recovery - fast recover the whole disk (GPT included), partition or dynamic volume to original or different hardware to upgrade & migrate hard disk.
    Explore backup image file - explore, copy and restore files and folders directly from a backup image in Windows Explorer.


System Requirements

Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, Windows SBS 2003, 2008, 2011 & Windows 8, 7, Vista, XP, 2000


INSTALLATION:

• Next open the .zip file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports zip files such as Winrar and extract.

• Install the setup...

• Use the serial provided in NFO

  • That's it! Done.


            3Nj0Y!!! 