Carousel is a 1956 film adaptation of the 1945 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical of the same name which, in turn, was based on Ferenc Molnár's non-musical play Liliom. The 1956 Carousel film stars Gordon MacRae and Shirley Jones, and was directed by Henry King. 

The soundtrack album was first issued on LP in 1956 by Capitol Records, but only in mono. However, because the film's soundtrack had been recorded in then state-of-the-art stereo, as all Cinemascope films were back then, it was possible for Capitol to release a stereo LP of the album in 1958. The later release was shortened by about 5 minutes, by abridging the opening instrumental "Carousel Waltz" due to technical limitations imposed by the then-new format. The mono release, as originally issued, played for about fifty minutes, while the stereo one played for forty-five.

A large team of orchestrators lent their expertise to the complex musical arrangements recorded for the soundtrack: Nelson Riddle, Herbert W. Spencer, Earle Hagen, Edward B. Powell (responsible for "If I Loved You"), Bernard Mayer and Gus Levene.

Three editions of the soundtrack album were issued on compact disc, all in stereo. The first, issued in 1986 by Capitol, was an exact duplicate of the 1958 stereo LP. The rights then were obtained by Angel Records, which issued a second edition of the album, this time featuring the complete "Carousel Waltz" in stereo for the first time, along with all of the other songs included on the previous CD and LP incarnations. This album was superseded in 2001 by Angel's "expanded edition" of the soundtrack, which, for the first time, featured practically all of the songs and music recorded for the film, including the dance music, resulting in a playing time of 70 minutes, as opposed to the original 45 minute stereo LP and CD.
Under the vocal direction of Ken Darby, the songs and performers on the expanded edition of the album are:

01. Introduction
02. Main Title ~ The Carousel Waltz
03. You're a Queer One, Julie Jordan
04. When I Marry Mr. Snow
05. If I Loved You
06. June is Busting Out All Over
07. June is Busting Out All Over Ballet
08. Soliliquy
09. Blow High, Blow Low
10. When the Children are Asleep
11. A Real Nice Clambake
12. Stonecutters Cut it on Stone
13. What's the Use of Wond'rin'
14. You'll Never Walk Alone
15. Ballet
16. If I Loved You (reprise)
17. You'll Never Walk Alone (finale)
18. The Carousel Waltz (LP version)