The books of Alice A. Bailey, written in cooperation with Djwhal Khul,a Tibetan teacher, between 1919-1949, constitute a continuation of the Ageless Wisdom, a body of esoteric teaching handed down from ancient times in a form which is always suitable to each period. Intended to precede and condition the coming era, the Alice A. Bailey writings offer an unparalleled spiritual approach to such subjects as the teaching on Shamballa and the Path of spiritual evolution; the spiritual Hierarchy; the new discipleship and training in meditation as a form of service; the teaching on the seven rays and the new psychology of the soul; the teaching on esoteric astrology; and the new world religion, which emphasizes the common thread of truth linking all the major world faiths. 

ALICE A. BAILEY (1880-1949) From her conservative British background, Alice Bailey's life led her in many directions, but always towards the time when she acquired: (1) A synthesis of outlook and understanding leading to an absolute conviction that one divine life pervades and animates the one humanity; (2) A realization that the Plan for humanity requires the cooperation and service of trained and dedicated human beings intelligently informed about world affairs, in collaboration with those who form the spiritual Hierarchy, the inner government of the planet. From that point on, Alice Bailey's life work became an integral part of this synthesis and this realization. Without losing any of her very human qualities and involvement, her soul took up its commitment to her Master, and her personality provided full cooperation in the field of her accepted service. Basically Alice Bailey's work developed as a duality, her discipleship service which included the establishment of the Arcane School; and her initially reluctant agreement to work with the Tibetan, Djwhal Khul, in the writing of a series of spiritual books. A total of twenty-four books were written by Alice Bailey. These books constitute a continuation of the Ageless Wisdom, a body of esoteric teaching handed down from ancient times in a form which is always suitable to each period. Intended to precede and condition the New Age, the Alice Bailey books offer an unparalleled spiritual approach to the teaching on Shamballa and the Path of spiritual evolution; the spiritual Hierarchy; the new discipleship and training in meditation as a form of service; the teaching on the seven rays and the new psychology of the soul; and the common thread of truth linking all the major world faiths. In addition to her work as an author and lecturer, Alice Bailey established the Lucis Publishing Company, making the teachings of Djwhal Khul available to spiritual seekers and students around the world for over 75 years. Reprinting of the books is financed through a revolving Fund under the administration of the Lucis Trust, a non-profit organization also founded by Alice A. Bailey. No royalties are paid and copyrights are owned by the Lucis Trust. Through these organizations, Alice Bailey provided for the continued publication of these teachings beyond her physical lifetime.