Genre: Tv-serie/Action/Eventyr/Krig
Audio: Engelska/English
Subs: Svenska/Swedish
IMDB: 8,0  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0129686/
Episod 1 av 8
Hornblower: The Even Chance

Emmybelönad för Bästa miniserie 
Hissa seglen, ladda kanonerna och slipa sablarna!
Hornblower är en ung sjökadett som i slutet av 1700-talet mönstrar på ett brittiskt skepp i Portsmouth. Han älskar faran och imponerar på sin överordnade genom att snabbtänkt anföra sina män och sitt skepp genom de mest riskfyllda uppdrag. Filmerna om Hornblower är storslagna äventyr, fyllda med action och spänning! 

” Spektakulärt” 
Evening Standard 

” Sensationell, strålande, fängslande, trovärdig. Vi vill se mer, tack!” 
Sunday Times 

” Det här är verkligen bra.” 
Daily Mail 

Den kompletta publik och kritikerhyllade miniserien ”Hornblower”, bestående av långfilmslånga avsnitt, är baserad på succéförfattaren C.S. Foresters klassiska sjöäventyr. Ioan Gruffudd som spelar Horatio Hornblower. har också medverkat i storfilmer som ”Fantastic Four” och ”King Arthur”. 

Visitfor more movies/music and games

Remember seeding after download.

Enjoy!

Sharpe is a British series of television dramas starring Sean Bean about Richard Sharpe, a fictional British soldier in the Napoleonic Wars. Sharpe is the hero of a number of novels by Bernard Cornwell;
most, though not all, of the episodes are based on the books. Produced by Central Independent Television for the ITV network, the series was shot mainly in Turkey and the Crimea, although some filming
was also done in England, Spain and Portugal.

The series originally ran from 1993 to 1997. In 2004, as part of ITV's new set of drama, ITV announced that it intended to produce new episodes of Sharpe, in co-production with BBC America, loosely
based on his time in India, with Sean Bean continuing his role as Sharpe. Sharpe's Challenge is a two-part adventure; part one premiered on ITV on 23 April 2006, with part two being shown the following
night. More gory than earlier episodes, the show was broadcast by BBC America in September 2006.

At a book signing in Bath on 11 October 2006, Bernard Cornwell revealed that there were plans by ITV to film two more episodes. Filming was supposed to start in April, but was postponed due to the
resignation of ITV's chief executive, at which point production was pushed back to September. However, Sean Bean was unavailable due to other commitments, so production was postponed once more.
When asked about the stories, Cornwell said that he believed that they were producing two new stories specially for television. It was announced that filming Sharpe's Peril, produced by
Celtic Film/Picture Palace, began on 3 March 2008 in India.[1][2] The first part was broadcast on ITV1 on 2 November 2008 with the second part shown a week later.
Sharpe's Challenge and Sharpe's Peril were broadcast in the US in 2010 as part of PBS' Masterpiece Classic season.