The Master System (マスターシステム Masutā Shisutemu?) (abbreviated to SMS) is a third-generation video game console that was manufactured and released by Sega in 1985 in Japan (as the Sega Mark III), 1986 in North America and 1987 in Europe.
 
The original SMS could play both cartridges and the credit card-sized "Sega Cards," which retailed for cheaper prices than cartridges but had lower storage capacity. The SMS also featured accessories such as a light gun and 3D glasses which were designed to work with a range of specially coded games.
 
The Master System was released as a direct competitor to the Nintendo Entertainment System in the third videogame generation. The SMS was technically superior to the NES, which predated its release by nine months in North America,[17] but failed to overturn Nintendo's significant market share advantage in Japan and North America.[18

The Sega Master System - renamed and with a redesigned casing from the original Sega Mark III which had been released in the Japanese market in 1985 - is a video game console released by Sega in the North American market in June 1986 to compete with the Nintendo Entertainment System which had been released in the same market in February 1986 (an earlier test market for NES in New York and California occurred in October 1985). Originally priced at $200 US, North American distribution rights for the console were acquired by Tonka before Sega re-acquired the rights themselves and released a further streamlined redesign of the console during the launch of the Sega Genesis. The Master System was later released in Europe in September 1987 and in Brazil in September 1989 where distribution rights were given to Tec Toy. A re-release of the console in the Japanese market under the new Master System brand and redesign occurring that same year.
 
There are 318 games for the Sega Master System video game system.



This is an Collection of Games For the Sege Genesis Master System
complete with .net framework which is required to play the software.

I'm not going to waste my time listing all of the games because
after you install the software you can see the list for yourself.
almost every game comes with box covers with the original art work
and most have a summary of the video games background. please seed
this and spread the seed to other sites. 

SEGE GENESIS MASTER SYSTEM (INSTALLER)
MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK (SETUP)
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sega_Master_System