Are You...?
Having been caught in the act of eliminating Travis Marshall by his sister Deb, Dexter has to scramble to come up with an explanation. Deb is understandably shaken by what she's just seen but accepts, somewhat reluctantly, Dexter's explanation that he's suffered momentary madness. As she thinks about it, Dexter's explanation makes no sense and decides to dig deeper. Captain LaGuerta meanwhile is puzzled by a piece of evidence she found at the scene of the Marshall killing. When a member of the homicide squad is killed.
 
 S7, Ep2
Oct. 7, 2012 Sunshine and Frosty Swirl
With Deb having found all of Dexter's paraphernalia, including the blood slides, he has little choice but to admit everything. She decides not to arrest him or let the police know what he does during his off hours. She does decide she's going to try and cure him and keeps him on a very short leash. Dexter is wondering more and more what to do about Louis Greene who he is convinced sent him the hand from the Ice Truck killer case. Louis doesn't scare easily however. The police continue to press the investigation into Mike Anderson's death.
 
 S7, Ep3
Oct. 14, 2012 Buck the System
With Deb keeping a close eye on him, Dexter is starting to go stir crazy. He desperately wants to satisfy his dark passenger but first decides to get Louis Greene out of his life forever. Deb is growing increasingly frustrated at the lack of progress in finding Mike Anderson's killer. The murderer's employer, Isaak Sirko, is having much better luck and actually traces his former employee right to Dexter's boat. Dexter wants to kill someone and focuses on the recently paroled killer Ray Speltzer. 
 
 S7, Ep4
Oct. 21, 2012 Run
The police quickly catch up with Ray Speltzer and does a brilliant job interrogating him and getting a confession. She and others are shocked however when a judge ruled the arresting officers had violated his Miranda rights and releases him. When he shows up on the sidelines of his latest victim's funeral, Deb goes berserk and decides they have to get him at all costs. Dexter decides it's time for him to do what he does best. Meanwhile, the police are still raiding the strip club and owner Isaak Sirko decides it's time to give the police what they want and frames.


elitesengineering.com The website where you learn how to hack, crack, cheat, and torrent shit!
