                    Nitro PDF Professional Enterprise 8 

                     32bit + 64bit (all at 1 place ^^)





                 Nitro PDF Pro Enterprise comes with features

Create + Combine: Nitro Pro 8 lets you easily create industry-standard PDF files from almost any file format. And sharing is seamless: any PDF created in Nitro Pro can be opened and viewed on virtually any machine, and will display identically to what you intended it to.

Edit Text + Images: From simple typos to extensive formatting, Nitro Pro 8 makes it easy to get your PDF files exactly how you want them. Simply click on the document element to be edited and make your changes – directly within the PDF file.

Convert + Export: Featuring 3 conversion modes and advanced extraction tools, Nitro Pro 8 lets you reuse and repurpose PDF-based content with greater accuracy. You can extract text and images from reports, presentations, and more for reuse in any other application.

Scan + OCR: Instantly turn any hardcopy document into a searchable and editable PDF file with Nitro Pro’s Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology. Digital documents are easier to search, index, archive, share and distribute. They’re also greener and more cost-effective.

Collaborate + Review: Sharing feedback has never been easier. Nitro Pro 8 streamlines your review cycles by facilitating communication across multiple teams, documents and geographic locations. Nitro Pro is 100% compatible with Adobe® Acrobat®, Adobe Reader, and other solutions.

Sign + Certify: No more wasting time with the print-sign-scan-send routine. Nitro Pro 8 lets you convert forms and documents to PDF, then add encrypted digital signatures — making the entire electronic approval process faster than ever before.

Control + Protect: Rest assured: with Nitro Pro 8 your PDF content is always protected, never vulnerable. You can easily restrict PDF access and usage, set password protections, delete sensitive information, and control how your system interacts with potentially malicious content.

And yeah all instructions given on rar unrar the archive and read it :)

                           Friends please seed it!!