Follow my uploads here:         
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:          
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.2 and up
Overview: Wake Up Screen is a fun, handy and useful tool app. It allows you to wake up the screen upon shaking the tablet or phone and saves the power and other buttons that you use to turn on the device.

IMPORTANT TO KNOW PRIOR TO INSTALLATION:
1. This app requires shake algorithm enabled devices.
2. This app requires “boot” and “keep screen on” permissions upon installations.
3. This app may not function on rooted devices or third party ROMs that disable “wake screen” activity.
4. This app uses between 4 to 8% of battery power and about 7 MB memory which is very low compared to system use. If needed, you can easily deactivate app processes to free up memory and battery use.

Finally: We encourage our users to contact us via email to discuss any concerns or suggestions regarding the app, if any. We cannot address review comments due to the fact that most negative comments that are left without prior contact with the developer are placed with the intent to lower app ratings and misguide the consumer.

Devices:
Acer: Iconia Tab A200 Picasso E , Picasso Tablet
ASUS: Eee Pad Transformer TF101 , TF201
HTC: One S (Ville) , One X (Endeavor) , Evo 4G (Supersonic) , Evita , Incredible 2 (VIVOW) , Incredible S (VIVO) , Nexus One (Passion) , Rezound , Sensation 4G (Pyramid) , Thunderbolt (Mecha)
Huawei: MediaPad hws7300u
Lenovo: Indigo
LG: VS840 Lucid 4G (LG Cayman) , Spectrum (LGE VS920 4G)
Motorola: Droid RAZR , Droid RAZR Maxx 4G , Droid 2 Global
Samsung: Conquer 4G (SPDH-600) , Galaxy Nexus (Maguro) , Galaxy S2 (SGH-T989) , Galaxy S
Novero: Solana Tablet/Netbook
Sony: Ericsson SEMC Xperia Arc S , Xperia P (LT22i)
Velocity Micro Cruz T103



                                By bobiras2009		