Science Of Mind

Since we are made in the image and likeness of Infinite Spirit, we create through the same principle as God, this Infinite Spirit, and under the same Law of cause and effect. It is necessary that we remember that we live in two worlds at the same time, the invisible world of cause where thoughts and ideas are the creators and the material world of effect where the results or manifestations of our thoughts and ideas come into being.

For too long people have been judging material results according to their own interpretation of the source of that perceived. This has resulted in a belief of the separation of God and man, and has caused untold misery to mankind. We have evolved now to a consciousness that allows us to see that all things are made from one substance Infinite Spirit, which we call God. We must then realize that God and man are one always and that man is given the privilege of expressing God according to his or her (manΓÇÖs) individual understanding. Many who have spent a good part of their life seeking the truth about who and what man is are in agreement, I believe, that Infinite Spirit, God, or whatever symbol is used to denote the All-Inclusive Intelligent Power running the Universe, has always existed ? no beginning and no end ? Infinity. The more we learn about the inner or invisible world in which man exists, we realize that this invisible world is infinite and that man who is the image and likeness of the Infinite Intelligent Power is also infinite and has available to him an ever-expanding intelligence. We accept as true that God is being expressed in many forms, one of which is man. It is only recently within a few thousand years that man has evolved enough to begin to recognize or become self-conscious of manΓÇÖs true potential or identity. Upon the awakening of this self- consciousness, man has made great strides, all-be-it many mistakes along the way. It is my belief that Ernest Holmes had this understanding when he wrote this book and that it was his intention to share this great truth with as many people as possible.