English | CBR | 4 Issues

Star Trek: Captain's Log #1-4
Publisher:  IDW Publishing
Publication Date:  January, May, September, and October 2010

Captain's Log -- Stories from the greatest Starship captains!

Star Trek: Captain's Log: Sulu

Written by Scott & David Tipton
Art by Federica Manfredi
Colors by Andrea Priorini
Color assist by Chiara Cinabro
Letters by Neil Uyetake

Introducing a brand-new series focusing on some of the most famous Captains in Starfleet history! In the debut issue, Captain Hikaru Sulu, still new to the command of the U.S.S. Excelsior, finds himself once again face to face with one of the Federation's most dangerous and mysterious adversaries--the Tholians! From the creative team behind Spock: Reflections!


Star Trek: Captain's Log: Harriman

Written by Marc Guggenheim
Art by Andrew Currie
Colors by Moose Baumann
Letters by Neil Uyetake

Captain John Harriman is the commander of the USS Enterprise B. He is also the man many hold responsible for the mysterious disappearance and presumed death of James Tiberius Kirk, the renowned Starfleet captain by whom all others are judged. How does a man recover from killing a legend? Find out in this very special issue! Guest starring Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy.


Star Trek: Captain's Log: Pike

Written by Stuart Moore
Art and Colors by J.H. Woodward
Letters by Robbie Robbins

After the events of Talos (Which were detailed in the classic television two-parter, The Menagerie), Captain Christopher Pike and the crew of the Enterprise have been called back to Earth for a debriefing. Upon entering our solar system they are attacked by a suspicious spacecraft--could this episode somehow be linked to Talos'? And what eventually awaits Captain Pike?


Star Trek: Captain's Log: Jellico

Written by Keith R.A. DeCandido
Art by J.K. Woodward
Letters by Chris Mowry

The story behind the man who replaced Captain Picard! When Captain Edward Jellico took command of the Starship Enterprise in the landmark NEXT GENERATION two-parter "Chain of Command," it took the STAR TREK world by storm! Now, learn the background of one of the most controversial characters in TREK history, as Captain Jellico's new first officer joins the U.S.S. Cairo only to find herself thrust into a conflict with the Cardassians...

Thanks goes to YZ1 for this release.