TwistedBrush Pro Studio

TwistedBrush Pro Studio: TwistedBrush Pro Studio includes everything that TwistedBrush has to offer including over 5000 brushes and full brush editing all at a great price. Great for original digital painting, photo editing and all forms of digital art.

TwistedBrush Pro Studio Features

Layers and Transparency: TwistedBrush fully supports transparency and layers with all the standard layer mixing modes plus many unique mixing modes that can't be found anywhere else.

Masks: Extensive mask support for protecting and selecting parts of your work. Use the Magic Wand tool with the wide range of options for creating masks or use masking brushes to paint your masks.

Cloning: With the cloning brushes included in TwistedBrush Pro Studio and available for TwistedBrush Open Studio you can do all the standard cloning actions for photo touchup or convert your photos into the look of paintings or drawings.
Tracing Paper: A drawing guide that allows you to see another image below your current image. Great when used with cloning brushes or just for a guide for proportions and layout.
Image Formats: In addition to the TwistedBrush specific file formage, TBR, all the leading industry standard image formats are supported including, JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIFF, TGA, PCX, PSD, BMP, PCD, WMF and EMF.
Drawing Tablet Support: Experience expressive drawing and painting wth the drawing tablet support with high precision sampling and pressure sensitivity.
Powerful Brush Engine: Perhaps the most powerful image editing brush engine in existence anywhere. A single system with the flexibility and performance to mimic full natural media brushes, complex blending operations, very specialize procedural object painting such as single stroke trees and everything in between. 
Drawing Guides: With over 40 guides drawing precise images is easy. From simple grids and snap to grids to complex 3D perspectives, all drawing guides can be layered together with 8 guides active and any one time.
64 Bit Imaging: Internally a full 64 bits of color information is used per pixel to accomplish the incredible blending found in TwistedBrush.
Image Processing Filters: Over 150 image processing filters give you the tools to manipulate your photos or other work. From all the common image processing filters to exceptional filters found no where else such as the Value Blur, Photo Pop, Photo Detailer or Outliner filters.
Lua Scrpt Filters: The growing standard of GLUAS for using the Lua scripting language for writing image processing filters is included. TwistedBrush extends the standard with additional methods for programmers to create even better filters for sharing with the TwistedBrush user base.
Extensive Tool Set: In addition to some of the tools already listed a full range of tools are at your disposal including, Color Picker, Brush Cleaner, Selection, Crop, Move, Line, Rectangle, Ellipse, Paint Bucket, Gradients, Mask Rectangle, Mask Ellipse, Mask Wand, Image Warp, Script Brush, Copy tool, Paste tool, Unmask Grid Cell, Text, Pan, Rotate Brush, Drawing Guides and Adjust Brush tools
Color Palettes: A large array of color palettes, including, dynamic color palettes and mixing color palettes are included or create your own palettes from sampling an existing image or automatically creating ramps of colors. 
Clips: A fantastic productivity system that allows for easy storage and reuse of your clipped images and photo elements for use later. 


System Requirements:

Windows NT /XP / Vista / Windows 7
500mb disk space
1gb RAM (2gb or more recommended)

Homepage: http://www.pixarra.com/

Installation Instrctions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register
3. Done, Enjoy.
