S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Yesterday (c) Focus Home Interactive

21-03-2012....Release Date - Protection...............StarForce
Adventure........Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Who is John Yesterday?

After captivating players from all around the world with the mythic
Runaway trilogy, Pendulo Studios presents a new adventure gaming
masterpiece This thrilling mystery, presenting a unique, dark and
somber style, will not leave you indifferent With an incredible story,
superb environments, perplexing and shady characters, Yesterday throws
you into an unforgettable adventure from which you will not emerge
unscathed.

New York in 2011. Homeless people are disappearing one after another,
their bodies found lifeless. Meanwhile, a Y-shaped scar appears on the
hands of seemingly unrelated people. Henry White, a young and rich heir
dedicated to a charitable organization, and his friend Cooper, are the
first to investigate. They will soon cross paths with the enigmatic
John Yesterday, whose memory seems to have been wiped clear, and who
will find himself dragged into this incredible story

How far will you go to discover who John really is, and what he did.
Yesterday?

Features:

An original mystery, a terrifying secret

A great adventure around the world

Ominous, shady characters

Animated film quality production

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


Minimum System Requirements:

OS: Microsoft Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Intel Pentium D 3.0 GHz or AMD Athlon64 X2 4400 + 2.2 GHz
Memory: 1 GB Windows XP / 2 GB for Windows Vista / 7
Video Card: 256 MB
Sound: DirectX┬« compatible soundcard


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/IxvBX.jpg


Screens:

 
http://i.imgur.com/779Ou.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/sTACt.jpg


ENJOY!