Sikkal Shanmuga Sundaram (Sivaji Ganesan) is a devoted Nadeswaram player but a short tempered sensitive character. He meets Mohanambal (Padmini) a Bharatnatyam dancer and they both fall in love with each other. However Sundaram's ego prevents him to move further with his love when she challenges him to play a Thillana on his Nadeswaram while she will dance for it. Mohana's mother, an influential and mercenary woman wants her daughter to marry a rich man so that she can be richly settled. But Mohana who is in love with Sundaram does not obey her mother, and this creates a rift between them both. Sundaram does not understand that Mohana loves him, and not knowing she has a great devotion and love for him and his talent, he decides to leave the country along with Jil Jil Ramamani(Manorama), a folk dancer whom he considers his sister. But Mohana provokes him, saying that he is a coward and not confident about his talent, and hence he has decided to go away. But Mohana's intention is to stop him and make him drop his decision so that she can prove her love for him and as expected Sundaram accepts the challenge and stays.In a temple, Sundaram plays the Thillana and Mohana dances for it. Since both performed at their best there was neither defeat nor success for both. Sundaram crowns Mohana "Thillana Mohanambal". Both Sundaram and Mohana come close because of this incident but Sundaram is stabbed with a poisonous knife by a man who is behind Mohana.
Sundaram is admitted at the hospital and is cured after serious treatment. As days pass, both of them meet in a program in Thamizhisai Sangam much against Mohana's mother's wishes. Vaithy (Nagesh) a cunning man befriends the Maharaja of Madhanpur (M. N. Nambiar), who is the Chief guest of the program for his personal gains and promises to make Mohana as his mistress. Vaithy traps her saying that the Maharaja has given an opportunity for Nadaswaram and Bharatanatyam performers in his palace and Sundaram has accepted to come to Madhanpur and so, Mohana immediately accepts the offer. Both groups visit Madhanpur. Vaithy ill-treats Sundaram's group badly and Sundaram decides to leave the place. He sees Mohana visiting the Maharaja's room and mistakes her. The Maharaja compels Mohana to be his mistress but Mohana does not accept it. When he threatens her of the consequences due to her refusal, Mohana is rescued by his wife, the Maharani. Sundaram decides Mohana does not love him, in spite of her repeated denial. Depressed, Mohana runs away. But the Maharaja reveals the truth to him that, although he had compelled Mohana to be his mistress, she refused as she loved Sundaram. Sundaram realises his mistake and rushes to apologize to her. But he sees her attempting suicide by hanging herself in a from the ceiling of a locked room. He screams to her to stop and promises that he will never doubt her love again. Mohana's mother also promises her that she will unite her with her lover. Sundaram breaks open the door and saves Mohana.
Both Sundaram and Mohana get happily married and Vaithy is arrested for his fraudulent crimes. This film was taken in Nagapattinam and Thiruvarur

Screen Shots
 
http://www.freeimagehosting.net/jzagz 
http://www.freeimagehosting.net/u9hfj 
http://www.freeimagehosting.net/qrwbn 
http://www.freeimagehosting.net/5rjcy