read nfo

We are the dreamers of dreams

Today's magic presented by the Digital Insanity heroes is:

MAGIX Music Maker 2013 Premium v19.0.3.47

Cracker Brainrain & DarkSide Protection Serial
Supplier Digital Insanity Release Date 01/01/2013
Packager Digital Insanity Release Type Keygen
Tester Digital Insanity Release Size 24 disks/10.0 MB Description

Note to siteops/nukers:

This time we decided to pack the setups too next to our
keygen (even the non pro, and older versions despite the
fact that some of them were released with patch), because
as we noticed the downloadable setups/contents can vary
depending on various circumstances for example which magix
domain you visit (http://www.magix.com 
http://www.magix.com/gb, http://www.magix.com/de, etc) or
which country your IP belongs to, and who knows what else
Different versions can have different product parameters
so we are trying to avoid troubles at the end user side
with this decision

Note to MAGIX authors:

We would like to give something back and not only take
away, so open your eyes now: Your WMI implementation is
faulty and will never be executed properly
You should call CoInitializeSecurity to set the needed
privileges to be able to query the MAC address through WMI

Special thanks goes to DarkSide for hardcore reversing
sessions and many sleepless nights.
Always remember: Quality over quantity

We wish you Happy New Year and all the best in the future
Brainrain & DarkSide [Digital Insanity] - Where mind
becomes a weapon



Want to make your own songs? It's even easier to create amazing songs on your PC using the huge variety of exclusive extras in the new MAGIX Music Maker 2013 Premium - it's the ultimate music program for beginners and pros.

More than 6000 professionally produced sounds and loops from a range of musical genres provide everything you need to make great songs. Simply combine loops and play around to produce cool new tracks.

Create your own melodies using the Vita Instruments and make your productions stand out from the crowd. Make your song even more unique with your own vocal recordings, awesome guitar riffs or your own keyboard melodies.

With just one click your hit can make its world premier on SoundCloud, YouTube or Facebook.


New features

NEW! More than 6000 sounds & loops
NEW! Rock Drums: Realistic drums with amazing sound quality
NEW! String Ensemble: First-class string instruments for high-level productions
NEW! Bass Machine: Powerful and realistic bass sounds
NEW! World Percussion: Top quality percussion sounds from around the world
NEW! Vita 2: More features and brand new sounds
NEW! Unlimited Tracks: Create intricate projects with unlimited tracks
NEW! New Search: Find loops, samples and files super fast
NEW! Mastering Suite 4: Add the final touches using mastering effects
NEW! eFX Vocal Strip: Optimize vocal recordings and remove unwanted noise
NEW! Exchange Projects: Edit arrangements created in MAGIX Music Maker 2013 Premium with Samplitude Music Studio 2013
NEW! Design and User Interface: Now with an improved Soundpool



URL: http://www.magix.com




Install notes

1) Install the application
2) Block its inet connection with firewall
3) Enter Serial Number (run kg as admin)
4) Type a fake email
5) Select activate by post/fax or ticket
6) Enter Activation Code (Serial Number and Activation Code
work in pair!)

For plugin activations you should type that driveletter
in the keygen
where the host application is installed!