Email Verifier Professional 6.3.4273.21081 | 10.5 MB



Email Verifier is a powerful email validation application to verify your contacts and keep your mailing lists clean. This utility cleans up your mailing lists, Windows Address Book, Microsoft Outlook Contacts, and external databases.Email Verifier checks all email addresses from a mailing list, text file, Exel, selected database, and removes all invalid email addresses.

It is important to keep your mailing lists clean. List hygiene will help you avoid sending out newsletters to invalid addresses. Otherwise you'll get tons of bounced messages. It's not a secret that ISP mail servers block a sender's IP for recurring sending to invalid email addresses.

Key Features:

Fast: is able to validate about 50 000 addresses per hour

Offers a powerful Contact Lists Management.

Seamlessly Integration with Bulk Mailer

Flexible: is able to imports email addresses from various sources such as Excel, Microsoft Outlook, CSV, Windows Address Book, or a text file.

It allows also to import email addresses from external sources using ODBC/OLEDB: MS SQL, Access, Oracle, Dbase, Paradox, and Foxpro.

You can exports email addresses to Excel, a text file, or external sources.

Every operation has its own detailed log.

Contact Lists Operations:

Extract Good/Bad, Subscribed/Unsubscribed email addresses
Remove duplicates email addresses
Merge/Split lists
Extract email addresses from specified domain
Remove email addresses contained in other list
Find addresses from both lists

Email Verifier Awards

Email Verifier speeds up considerable the process validation. The utility makes it possible to remove about 80% of "bad" and invalid e-mail addresses. This program works exactly as an SMTP Server: it extracts MX-Records from a DNS Server. It connects to SMTP servers and simulates the sending of a message.

It is essential to remove undeliverable email addresses and keep a clean mailing list. 

Home Page - http://www.email-unlimited.com/email_verifier_professional.html


please seed and share