Managing Wine Quality: Volume One

Hardcover: 606 pages
Publisher: CRC Press; 1 edition (May 27, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1439829675
ISBN-13: 978-1439829677

A review of important developments, this book focuses on recent studies, advanced methods, and likely future technologies. It opens with chapters on the current understanding of wine aroma, color, taste, and mouthfeel. It then covers the measurement of grape and wine properties, including instrumental analysis of grape, must, and wine, sensory evaluation, wine authenticity and traceability. The book also discusses the effects of viticulture technologies on grape composition and wine quality attributes. It includes topics such as terroir, viticultural, and vineyard management practices as well as fungal contaminants and grape processing equipment.

Managing Wine Quality Volume 2: Oenology and Wine Quality

Hardcover: 672 pages
Publisher: Woodhead Publishing (October 28, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1845697987
ISBN-13: 978-1845697983

Many aspects of both grape production and winemaking influence wine sensory properties and stability. Progress in research helps to elucidate the scientific basis of quality variation in wine and suggest changes in viticulture and enology practices. 

The two volumes of Managing Wine Quality review developments of importance to wine producers, researchers, and students. The focus is on recent studies, advanced methods and likely future technologies. Part one of Managing Wine Quality: Volume 1: Oenology and Wine Quality opens with chapters reviewing the impact of different winemaking technologies on quality. Topics covered include yeast and fermentation management, enzymes, ageing on lees, new directions in stabilization, clarification and fining of white wines and alternatives to cork in wine bottle closures. Managing wine sensory quality is a major focus of Part two. 

Authors consider issues such as cork taint, non-enzymatic oxidation and the impact of aging on wine flavor deterioration. The volume concludes with chapters on the management of the quality of ice wines and sparkling wines. With authoritative contributions from experts across the worldΓÇÖs winemaking regions, Managing wine quality: Volume 1: Oenology and wine quality is an essential reference for all those involved in viticulture and enology wanting to explore new methods, understand different approaches and refine existing practices.