Guns N' Roses - Mr. Browstone [promo].VOB


HQ rare uncensored promo music video from a promo DVD. "Mr. Brownstone" is a song written by American rock band Guns N' Roses. It appears on their 1987 album Appetite for Destruction. Slash relates that the song was begun by him and Izzy Stradlin while they were at Izzy and his girlfriend Desi's apartment. He states that they were sitting around, complaining about being heroin addicts, when they started improvising lyrics and music ("Brownstone" is a slang term for heroin). The lyrics make a clear reference to the tolerance that the drug causes in the verse that says:"I used to do a little, but a little wouldn't do, so the little got more and more. I just keep trying to get a little better, said a little better than before". When they had the lyrics all together, they wrote it down on the back of a grocery bag and brought it to Axl Rose. Slash said the lyrics describe a typical day in the life of Slash and Izzy. He also states that it was the first song the band wrote after being signed by Geffen Records. 

Mr. Brownstone was the first Guns N' Roses single in the United Kingdom, appearing as a double A-Side, alongside "It's So Easy". 

This song exhibits the Bo-Diddley beat originally created by Bo Diddley. This beat is often-used in many rock songs starting from the 1960s. 

Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band who formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1985. The classic lineup as signed to Geffen Records in 1986, consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan and drummer Steven Adler. The band released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million albums worldwide, including shipments of 45 million in the United States. 

Guns N' Roses have been credited with reviving the mainstream popularity of rock music, at a time when popular music was dominated by dance music and pop metal. Their late 1980s and early 1990s years have been described as the period in which they brought forth a "hedonistic rebelliousness" reminiscent of the early Rolling Stones,[19] a reputation that had earned them the nickname "The Most Dangerous Band in the World". The band's classic lineup, along with later members Reed and drummer Matt Sorum, were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012, their first year of eligibility. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Brownstone 
      
http://bayimg.com/AaHGcaAem 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9608kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:03:56




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.5


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	