         Arturia Spark CDM v1.5.0 MacOSX
          TEAM R2R | 5.10.2012 | 890 MB

Combining the power of analog hesis, physical modelling and samples, through the intuitive workflow of a hardware drum machine, Spark is a highly creative beat production center. Spark will save you time when looking for the right drum kit, will get you hooked by its amazing simplicity, and will surprise you by its sonic possibilitie.

Spark will save you time when looking for the right drum kit, will get you hooked by its amazing simplicity, and will surprise you by its sonic possibilities.

With a complete library including vintage drum machines, electronic analog kits, acoustic & physical drums, Spark is your weapon of choice to create unique grooves whether you are producing in the studio or performing on stage.



MAIN FEATURES:

    Pristine quality sound engines including : TAE® analog synthesis, physical modelling, and multi-layered samples provided by our top-tier development partners.
    1620 instruments / 110 kits (extended 1.5 library):
        Vintage drum machines : analog emulations of the TR-808, TR-909, TR-606, Simmons SDS-V, and Eprom based Linn Drum, Drumtraks, DMX, Drumulator and more*.
        10 new emulations from « Spark Vintage Drum Machines » (1.4.1 version) : CR-78, Mini Pops 7, Ace Tone FR-2L, Yamaha MR 10, Maestro Rhythm King MRK2, Boss DR-55, E-mu-SP-12, Roland DR-727, Roland R-8, Casio VL-Tone and SK-1.
        Electronic kits covering the most popular modern music styles : EDM, Dubstep, Hip Hop, RnB, Pop… as well as experimental possibilities thanks to our physical modelling engine.
        Acoustic drum kits mixing physical modelling and samples for high audio realism.
    16 key – 64 step sequencer
    8 velocity & pressure sensitive pads
    Touch sensitive FX pad with repeat, tape, reverse, strobe, pan, mix, bit crusher, 3 mode filter and roller
    Advanced loop mode with divide and move functions
    Real-time automation on all parameters
    16 track mixer with 14 high quality effects : multiband compressor, bit crusher, multiband EQ, chorus, delay, reverb, distortion, phaser, plate reverb, destroyer, flanger, space pan, limiter, sub generator
    16-tuning mode available from pads and steps (new in 1.5 !)
    New Oberheim Filter (new in 1.5 !)
    Choke groups to naturally mute instruments (new in 1.5 !)
    MIDI clock output to synchronize your hardware instruments (new in 1.5 !)
    Easy MIDI and automation drag & drop export to your DAW (new in 1.5 !)
    Shuffle and shift modes to humanize grooves
    High precision rotary encoders
    Aluminum enclosure
    Works as a universal MIDI controller for any third-party software or MIDI-controllable instrument


REQUIRED CONFIGURATION

    Mac (Intel only) : 2 GB RAM; 2 GHz CPU
    2GB free hard disk space


INSTALLATION:


  •  Next open the .zip file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as StuffItExpander and extract.

  • Install

  • Appy crack

              •  That's it! Done.

                             enJoy!!!
