POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 79 - Innocence Betrayed And A Noble Lie

POtHS Comment: Everything they tell us is a lie to trap us in Eternal Hell
Description:

Innocents Betrayed:
Documentary showing that "gun control" has historically been used to disarm citizens and make them helpless before governments commit genocide. Dramatically covers major genocides in the Soviet Union, Germany, Uganda, Rwanda, China, Turkey, and other countries.Shows how "gun control" in the U.S. has been used to victimize blacks, Indians, children, women, and others.Combines gut-level emotional appeal and fast-paced, powerful graphics with a cool statement of historic facts and quotes from the relevant laws.


Noble Lie - Oklahoma City 1995:
A myth or untruth knowingly told by the elite to maintain social harmony, or the social position of the elite. -- The Republic, Plato

Produced in Oklahoma, the newly-released documentary A Noble Lie: Oklahoma City 1995 by Free Mind Films and Director James Lane takes a fresh and in-depth look at the circumstances surrounding the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.
But instead of accepting at face value the Federal Government's deeply-flawed investigation, A Noble Lie features ground breaking information and eyewitness testimonies that refute the official story.

The April 19, 1995 bombing that destroyed much of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building involved far more revealing evidence than the FBI maintains. A Noble Lie presents interviews with police officers, first responders, victims, journalists and investigators whose evidence demonstrates that not all the perpetrators were brought to justice.

Among the interview subjects are General Benton Partin, former head of weapons development for the Air Force, State Representative Charles Key, members of the Oklahoma Bombing Investigation Committee and Jesse Trentadue, whose brother Kenneth was tortured and murdered in Federal custody in the days following the bombing.

A Noble Lie: Oklahoma City 1995 is the only full-length documentary that addresses and answers many of the questions people have asked about the bombing. Details as to what really happened regarding this horrific event, taking the lives of 168 people, have been summarily covered up by the Federal Government. A Noble Lie is the culmination of years of research and documentation conducted by independent journalists, scholars, and ordinary citizens. Often risking their personal safety and sanity, they have gathered evidence which threatens to expose the startling reality of what exactly occurred at 9:02 am on April 19, 1995 in Oklahoma City.

Utilizing footage and eyewitness testimony, previously unseen, A Noble Lie will change forever the way you look at the true nature of terrorism.

ΓÇó120 Minutes
ΓÇóFree Mind Films
ΓÇóProduced and Directed by James Lane

Click THE LINK BELOW for main master playlist:


