Tony Hawk's Pro Skater HD (Rus/Eng) [RePack] Audioslave


Year: September 18, 2012
Genre: Arcade / Sport (Extreme sports) / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Robomodo
Publisher: Activision Publishing
Platform: PC
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English
Publication Type: RePack
Crack: enclosing (SkidRow)

System: Microsoft Windows XP / Vista / Seven
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4 Ghz
Memory: 2 Gb
Video Card: 256 Mb, Shader Model 3.0, c support for DirectX 9.0c
Sound Card: Sound device compatible with DirectX 9.0
Hard disk: 2 Gb

 
You've heard the name - Tony Hawk's. Yes, this is the guy who turns the '43 indie 900 and is a living legend in the world of skateboarding. You should also know that the simulator under the name Tony Hawk's is one of the best selling in the world. Pro Skater HD is the reincarnation of the first of two parts. Best levels, the best tricks, the best music and the new modified HD wrapper. The game opens up traditionally for Microsoft share - Summer arcades. Who are familiar with the original, instantly recognizes the good old classics, rather ride on the famous level "Hangar" that values ??Grind, breaking windows and jumping. Nostalgic and scattered letters from which you can make the word Skate, and the lack of some modern tricks like Revert, who appeared in the third part is seen with a smile. Here without that full of fun.

Emphasis as before, is on two-minute race and perform small tasks. Asked to collect such a word or find hidden Skate DVD, and in the earlier parts of the game had to be found tapes. Needless to have test points, points are awarded for continuous combos and for all sorts of tricks.

Steep feints you have to buy a special shop, the same improved characteristics skaters. The currency - dollars. They can earn a career doing the job. In addition to career, have a free ride with no time limit.
 
RePack Features

Do not cut
Do not recoded
Game Version 1.02
Repacked by Audioslave
Run set up exe
click > next to continue
Select language {English/Russian} language should be changed at the time of installation
Install
play