Out of the Past (1947) FULL DVD5 (ISO)

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD. You can even unzip it with WinZip or WinRAR to unpack it to the original VOBs.

This rip is a (DVD-5)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you may need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.


1947
97 minutes
Black & White
1.33:1
Spoken Language: English
Subtitles: English, French, Spanish
NTSC

Director: 
Jacques Tourneur

Cast: 
Robert Mitchum, Kirk Douglas, Jane Greer

Disc Features:
* Commentary by Jim Ursini

Awards:
TIME Magazine List
All-TIME 100 Movies

SYNOPSIS:  
Jacques Tourneur directs this definitive noir classic (remade in 1984 as Against All Odds) about a trio to reckon with -- troubled private investigator Jeff Bailey (Robert Mitchum), drop-dead beauty Kathie Moffat (Jane Greer) and moneyed mobster Whit Sterling (Kirk Douglas). Bailey is hired to find the missing Moffat, who is Sterling's former mistress. But when he finally locates her, the unexpected occurs.

Bonus Download Options:
Film Noir and the Cinema of Paranoia - Wheeler Winston Dixon.pdf
Film Noir_ Films of Trust and Betrayal - Paul Duncan.pdf
Shades of Noir - Joan Copjec.pdf
The Philosophy of Film Noir - Mark T. Conard.pdf


Stuff I want as full disc either DVD5 or DVD9:
Do the Right Thing (Disc 1) from Criterion Collection
Straw Dogs (Disc 1) from Criterion Collection
