Urban Chaos GOG


Genre: Action / Third Person Perspective / Modern
Release date: November 30, 1999
Compatible with: Windows (XP, Vista, 7)
Developer / Publisher: Mucky Foot Productions / Square Enix
Game modes: Single-player

===

As the millenium draws to a close, a malevolent cult of the Fallen lurks in the shadows and sewers of Union City...waiting. Their unholy mission is to fulfill an ancient prophecy of apocalypse. Crime and subversion are their tools to wrest control of the city. Now gangas, hardened criminals, and violent cultists roam the streets looking for trouble to cause. As D Arci Stern, a tough as nails UCPD rookie cop, you use her martial arts prowess and infiltration skills to unlock the diabolical intentions of the Fallen cult. Her only ally in an unfair fight against criminality is Roper, UCPD informant and ex-Special Forces grunt. Obsessively driven to purge the world of the Fallen menace, Roper speaks softly but carries a big shotgun.

Urban Chaos throws you feet first into the cold, corrupt heart of a modern urban jungle at the turn of the millenium. To succeed you ll need a deadly combination of stealth, physical agility, and martial arts skills as you interact with the city around you. Complete freedom to explore every area is granted and this freedom extends to gameplay - the future is in your hands as you fight to reclaim your city from the madness of the Fallen cult.

Features:
 
  * Interact with a vast living city teeming with citizens - you can choose to assist NPC's to        gain both information and new weapons.

  * Multiple modes of combat and action including hand-to-hand fighting, heavy weaponry attacks, vehicle chases and building shoot-outs.

  * Each street has random event scripting. For one mission, a street may be filled with holiday shoppers. For the next mission, a major gun battle between cops and a gang might be in full swing.

===

Minimum system requirements:
Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
1.8 GHz Processor
512MB RAM (1 GB recommended)
3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended)
