Solutions for this textbook available for free at

Success in your calculus course starts here! James Stewart's Calculus texts are worldwide best-sellers for a reason: they are clear, accurate, and filled with relevant, real-world examples. With Calculus (Seventh Edition), Stewart conveys not only the utility of calculus to help you develop technical competence, but also gives you an appreciation for the intrinsic beauty of the subject. His patient examples and built-in learning aids will help you build your mathematical confidence and achieve your goals in the course! 

James Stewart's calculus texts are widely renowned for their mathematical precision and accuracy, clarity of exposition, and outstanding examples and problem sets. Millions of students worldwide have explored calculus through Stewart's trademark style, while instructors have turned to his approach time and time again. In the Seventh Edition of Calculus, Stewart continues to set the standard for the course while adding carefully revised content. The patient explanations, superb exercises, focus on problem solving, and carefully graded problem sets that have made Stewart's texts best sellers continue to provide a strong foundation for the Seventh Edition. From the most unprepared student to the most mathematically gifted, Stewart's writing and presentation serve to enhance understanding and build confidence.
New Features

    Revised: For this edition, chapters 1 and 2 have been combined--and some material has been moved to an appendix--to streamline the presentation of these early topics.

    Revised: Throughout the text, the author has revised the narrative as necessary to improve clarity and aid in student comprehension.

    New: New examples, margin notes, applications, and projects have been added.

    New: This edition has been updated with approximately 25% more exercises than the previous edition, giving students more opportunities to practice concepts they have learned.

    New: "PS" icons denoting problem-solving margin notes are aimed at increasing instructors' awareness of this important aspect of Stewart's approach.

    Updated: Tools for Enriching Calculus--a free, online, interactive resource that allows Calculus students to work with animations that deepen their understanding of key concepts by helping them visualize the concepts they are learning--has been updated with new problems and a new Flash design that is more visually appealing and engaging to students.

    New: Collections of more challenging exercises called "Problems Plus" have been added to the end of every chapter. These sections reinforce concepts by requiring students to apply techniques from more than one chapter of the text, and by patiently showing them how to approach a challenging problem.

1368 pages
Publisher: Brooks Cole; 7 edition (January 1, 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0538497815
ISBN-13: 978-0538497817