Blades of Time MACOSX-MONEY
Release: May 2012 | MACOSX | 2.67 GB
Genre(s): Adventure


Ayumi, the gorgeous gun and sword-wielding treasure hunter, sets out on a journey to an ancient island in search of new adventures. While rich in bounty, the island is also filled with the magic of Chaos, being at the same time home to blood thirsty monsters. With a host of colorful characters, eye-popping visual appeal, tons of treasure and a huge variety of combat skills to master, Blades of Time will bring just as much fun and satisfaction both to gamers that are new to the action adventure genre and to experienced players

Key features:
Time Rewind. The ability to rewind time will help Ayumi to solve different puzzles and fight with armies of monsters

Meetings and encounters. While traveling Ayumi is sure to meet lots of cuddly, funny and mysterious characters. Each of them will make a contribution to the story of the blonde's risky adventures

Beautiful in-game world. The world of the game is packed with a variety of fantastic landscapes. Here players can find everything: from snowy valleys to dense jungle, ancient cities and temples and even sky islands

Martial arts. Over 40 different combo attacks as well as spells of different magic schools will help Ayumi to defeat all the enemies that stand in her way

Precious time. Ayumi s ability to speed herself up in no time will help her to catch up with enemies, flee from her pursuers and travel all over the in-game world, making use of its unique landscape features

Coop and PvP are available in the special "Outbreak" mode

INSTALLATION INFORMATION:


Unpack and play without Steam launched




FOLLOW ISTRUSTIONS AND ALL WILL WORK FINE !!!

RUUNING ON !!!!

MACBOOKPRO 13 INCH -MID 2010 
Processor  2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo
Memory  4 GB 1067 MHz DDR3
Graphics  NVIDIA GeForce 320M 256 MB
Software  Mac OS X Lion 10.7.3 (11D50)

IF LITTLE GLITCHY ON GRAPHICES JUST WIND THEM BACK !!!

HOPE YOU INJOY !!!

