 http://img692.imageshack.us/img692/6536/pipestressengineeringte.jpg

Pipe Stress Engineering[Team Nanban]tmrg

Liang-Chuan (L.C.) Peng and Tsen-Loong (Alvin) Peng | 2009 | ISBN: 079180285X 9780791802854 | 496 pages | PDF | 42 MB

DESCRIPTION:

Practical reference book on piping engineering and stress analysis. This book emphasizes three main concepts: using engineering common sense to foresee a potential piping stress problem, performing the stress analysis to confirm the problem, and lastly, optimizing the design to solve the problem. 
The book is ideal for piping engineers, piping designers, plant engineers, and mechanical engineers working in the power, petroleum refining, chemical, food processing, and pharmaceutical industries.

Systematically, the book proceeds from basic piping flexibility analyses, spring hanger selections, and expansion joint applications, to vibration stress evaluations and general dynamic analyses. 
Emphasis is placed on the interface with connecting equipment such as vessels, tanks, heaters, turbines, pumps and compressors. Chapters dealing with discontinuity stresses, special thermal problems and cross-country pipelines are also included.
This book will serve as a reference for engineers working in building and transportation services. It can be used as an advance text for graduate students in these fields.

Brief CONTENTS
1. Introduction
2. Strength of Materials Basics
3. Thermal Expansion and Piping Flexibility
4. Code Stress Requirements
5. Discontinuity Stresses
6. Pipe Supports and Restraints
7. Flexible Connections
8. Interface with Stationary Equipment
9. Interface with Rotating Equipment
10. Transportation Pipeline and Buried Piping
11. Special Thermal Problems
12. Dynamic Analysis ΓÇö Part 1: SDOF Systems and Basics
13. Dynamic Analysis ΓÇö Part 2: MDOF Systems and Applications


PLZ SEED WHILE AND AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"


visit me on Facebook - Google "TEAM NANBAN TPB"
                          
http://torrent-stats.info/96a6/11d96fb3a.png

TO JOIN TMRG ON FACEBOOK
TMRG IS TORRENT MAFIA RELEASE GROUP