Wonders of the Universe
By Brian Cox
Harper Design | July 2011 | ISBN10: 0062110543 | EPUB/PDF | 34.4/24.4 MB 
http://www.amazon.com/Wonders-Universe-Brian-Cox/dp/006211054
PDF conversion is mine

Experience our universe as you've never seen it before
13.7 billion years old. 93 billion light-years across. It contains over 100 billion galaxies, each containing hundreds of billions of stars. This infinite, vast and complex Universe has been the subject of human fascination and scientific exploration for thousands of years. The wonders of the Universe might seem alien to us and impossible to understand, but away from the telescopes, the labs and the white coats, Professor Brian Cox uses the evidence found in the natural world on Earth to brilliantly explain the truth of the cosmos.
Professor Cox will show how the vast and unfathomable phenomena of deep space can be explained, and even experienced, by re-examining the familiar here on Earth. He is determined to answer the most profound questions we can ask about ourselves and the world in which we live, but in a uniquely understandable way. The laws of light, gravity, time, matter and energy that govern us here on Earth are the same as those applied in the Universe. Using his expert knowledge and his infectious enthusiasm, Professor Cox shows us that if we can understand the impact of these governing laws on Earth it will bring us a step closer to an understanding of our Universe.

About the Author
Brian Cox, Ph.D., is a leading particle physicist and professor at the University of Manchester, as well as a researcher on one of the most ambitious experiments on Earth, the ATLAS experiment on the CERN Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland. A Royal Society University Research Fellow, Professor Cox was appointed officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2010. He is the author of Why Does E=MC2? and is well known as presenter of the television series Wonders of the Solar System and Wonders of the Universe.
Andrew Cohen is head of the BBC Science Unit and the executive producer of the BBC2 series Wonders of the Solar System. He began his career in science broadcasting fifteen years ago and has produced a wide range of science documentaries including Tomorrow's World and Horizon. From 2005-10 he was series editor of the flagship BBC science series Horizon. He lives in London with his wife and three children. 