read nfo

We are the dreamers of dreams

Today's magic presented by the Digital Insanity heroes is:

MAGIX Music Maker Dance Edition 4 v6.0.0.6

Cracker Brainrain & DarkSide Protection Serial
Supplier Digital Insanity Release Date 01/01/2013
Packager Digital Insanity Release Type Keygen
Tester Digital Insanity Release Size 24 disks/10.0 MB Description

Note to siteops/nukers:

This time we decided to pack the setups too next to our
keygen (even the non pro, and older versions despite the
fact that some of them were released with patch), because
as we noticed the downloadable setups/contents can vary
depending on various circumstances for example which magix
domain you visit (http://www.magix.com 
http://www.magix.com/gb, http://www.magix.com/de, etc) or
which country your IP belongs to, and who knows what else
Different versions can have different product parameters
so we are trying to avoid troubles at the end user side
with this decision

Note to MAGIX authors:

We would like to give something back and not only take
away, so open your eyes now: Your WMI implementation is
faulty and will never be executed properly
You should call CoInitializeSecurity to set the needed
privileges to be able to query the MAC address through WMI


Special thanks goes to DarkSide for hardcore reversing
sessions and many sleepless nights.
Always remember: Quality over quantity

We wish you Happy New Year and all the best in the future
Brainrain & DarkSide [Digital Insanity] - Where mind
becomes a weapon

MAGIX Music Maker Dance Edition 4 offers countless possibilities to make your own productions a reality - your own tracks for the club! With more than 1,000 brand new sounds, loops and audio effects your PC will be turned into a recording studio with record function and mixer.

Without prior knowledge you can get down to making real club tracks in no time at all - everything you need is ready to go!

- Easy handling
- Unlimited possibilities
- Studio-standard sound

Version 4 highlights!

- Sound archive: Over 1,000 brand-new sounds & samples
- Song Maker 2: Create new tracks quickly and simply.
- Share your songs on Facebook┬« , TwitterΓäó, etc. thanks to the integrated SoundCloud┬« uploader.
- BeatBox2: Industry-standard drum computer
- Vintage Effects Suite: Effects for the perfect sound



URL: http://www.magix.com




Install notes

1) Install the application
2) Block its inet connection with firewall
3) Enter Serial Number (run kg as admin)
4) Type a fake email
5) Select activate by post/fax or ticket
6) Enter Activation Code (Serial Number and Activation Code
work in pair!)

For plugin activations you should type that driveletter
in the keygen
where the host application is installed!
