Revelations of Ra: The Pillar of Power and the Nadradon Awakening
(Introduction to Kathara Level 4) Recorded live in Mexico, August 2004. This workshop contains the introductory techniques and background information to Kathara Level 4 in a planetary healing/ Grid Masters program context and is only recommended for those who have studied Kathara Level 1, 2 & 3. These previous levels of Kathara are an essential prerequisite as they contain information and techniques that provide the necessary understanding and activations that Kathara Level 4 is built upon. In Kathara Level 2 & 3 specific activations were performed to prepare the personal scalar shield, the personal Kathara grid, the DNA template, the merkaba field and the radial body for re-awakening the Organic Crystal Body and Base Shield Bonding through activation of the Ra Center. These activations allow initiation of the POWER-KEY technologies including the Opening the Eyes of Ra technique in Level 3, Technique 4B which utilizes the Flame of Ra Ecka-Heliotalic Primal Life Source currents and which is the FOUNDATION  technology and minimum personal shield activation upon which all subsequent Levels of Kathara are built. In Level 4 Kathara, we begin to use Transcendent Eckasha-Heliotalic Currents to initiate activation of the ETHERIC BLUEPRINT, the PILLAR OF POWER and the CHARIOT OF FIRE. This will begin the process of restoring our own AND the planetary Crystal Body alignment so that damaged portions of ours and Earth's shields can be restored to their FIRST CREATION IMPRINT.  The information in this workshop covers the anatomy of the ETHERIC BODY, including the KA (Light) ETHOS of the Lotum and the Tha (Sound) EIROS of the Lotum and the MATRADON 1st Ecka-LotA cell that they are contained within. Information on the ETHERIC-ATOMIC interface and the interaction between our own and our anti-particle Ethos and Eiros Etheric templates also begins our understanding of Ti-LE-a` breathing, a process where by the Ethos, then the Eiros templates of the Etheric Body engage upon and move with the density Kathara template. When the Etheric and Density templates interface with each other, Spark Generation and Etheric-Atomic Atmos Current Regeneration occur, firing the 180-charge AdOR-A Flames. The anatomy of the Nadradon, Zendradon, Kethradon and Ethradon Cells are introduced, along with the Lotosphere, Logosphere, Photosphere, Ovosphere and the Hovosphere. Level 4 Techniques involve the Til-LE-a` Nadradon Complex Electrical Activation and include Firing of the Rods, Cycling the Petals, Completing the Ancient 3rd 1/3rd Inhale, Pulling the Poison Pin and Transmutation of the D-1.75 Heart of Anubis Implant, the Gold-metallic Pin and the dense Gold-metallic Bucky-Ball C-60 Radiation Harness. Workshop recording includes preparation for, and explanation of, a Reuche Roundtable, something that has not been performed on Earth for at least 5.5 million years. This Round Table was crucial in releasing the 90-subharmonic Charge Spark, allowing the Earth to complete its ancient Christiac Exhale/Inhale sequence for the first time in 5.5 million years. Finally the first set of Lo-GA Frequency Breathing Movements (FBM's) are introduced for accelerated Crystal Body alignment via stimulation, clearing and charging of the Axiom-Meridian, Radis and Nadis Lines, DNA Template, Signets, embodied Chakras and Crystal Body Lotus Points.
