Robert F. Gorman, "Great Events from History: The 20th Century"
English | ISBN: 1587653249 | 2007 | PDF | 3700 pages | 51,2 mb



This eighth installment of Salem's Great Events from History series identifies key events that helped to shape the course of the history of the world from 1901 to 1940. In more than 1,000 essays, a plethora of topics are presented, including Canada claiming the Arctic Islands (1901); the plague killing 1.2 million in India (1907); Gertrude Ederle swimming the English Channel (1926); Stalin beginning the Purge Trials (1934); and Germany hosting the 1936 Olympics. A number of the entries are revisions of material appearing in earlier Salem publications, such as Great Events from History (1972ΓÇô1980). Approximately one-quarter of the content is new. Each signed essayΓÇöaveraging three to five pagesΓÇöpresents material in a similar, user-friendly format. At a quick glance, bold type indicates the exact date of the event, its locale, various topical categories (e.g., civil rights and liberties, science and technology), and major figures involved. This information is followed by a summary describing the event and an assessment of the historical significance or long-term ramifications. A generous annotated list of resources amd see also references wrap things up. The text is relieved somewhat by black-and-white photographs, illustrations, tables, maps, and diagrams. Sidebars provide extra information or excerpts from primary sources (speeches, writings, and other documents). Each volume also has its own unique table of contents and historical maps representing the world regions, but an alphabetically arranged keyword list of contents and a list of maps, tables, and sidebars for the whole set are also included. Volume 6, in addition to essays, houses all the indexes (geographical, category, personage, and subject); a bibliography; a "Chronological List of Entries"; and a directory of suggested electronic resources. Initially daunting in appearance due to its size, this resource is remarkably readable, and the reader is able to locate essential facts with ease. A fount of accessible, valuable material, it is a necessary purchase for libraries already owning earlier installments of this series or for institutions where curriculum has a strong focus on the early part of the twentieth century. Recommended for high-school students and above. Ward, Cheryl 