About the Game
AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!! for the Awesome is a semi-sequel to Dejobaan's award-winning 2009 title, AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!! -- A Reckless Disregard for Gravity. The new game brings you 82 remastered levels from the original and 43 brand new ones that are twice as fast!

Awards for the original game:
Finalist, IGF 2010 Excellence in Design
Selected by Penny Arcade for PAX East 2010 Boston Indie Showcase
ModDB 2009 Editor's Choice Indie Game of the Year
Finalist, Indie Game Challenge 2010

Gameplay:
Aaaaa! took place in an alternate 2011, where BASE jumpers leapt from the skies and executed stunts around the floating buildings of Upper Boston. This semi-sequel picks up six years later -- the sport's been outlawed, and you're jumping as a form of protest. High in Earth's stratosphere, you'll thread a path through the rotating blades of enormous wind turbines. Elsewhere in the solar system, you'll dodge asteroids above seas of lava, spray graffiti onto lunar government offices, and flip off Ganymede colonists -- all in the name of peaceful protest.
At its heart, Awesome is all about speed. With your new wingsuit, you'll dive (and die) twice as fast, descending through hovering cities over Earth and beyond. The fastest jumps now offer checkpoints, so if you mash your brains against extraterrestrial rock, you can rewind time and execute the perfect dodge instead. All this is wrapped up in shiny new graphics -- rebuilt from the ground up, the semi-sequel brings you a new lighting system and fancy shader effects (which, let's face it, the AAA studios had a few years back, but bloom, shadows, and depth of field are all new for Aaaaa!).

Key Features:
82 remastered levels from the award-winning original
43 new levels around Earth, Luna, and Ganymede with a new, faster wingsuit
Hug terrain, kiss concrete, and thread the needle for points
Get bear hugs, slice netting, and hit invulnerability plates for wanton destruction
Give your fans the thumbs-up for points or annoy protestors with rude gestures

PC System Requirements
• OS: Windows XP/Vista/7
• Processor: Dual Core
• Memory: 1GB
• Hard Disk Space: 2GB
• Video Card: 3D card with 512MB
• DirectX®: 9.0c+

Installation Information
1. Unzip
2. Put folder where ever you want it
3. Create shortcut to awesome.exe
4. Enjoy!