Failed States
Propagandhi

Celebrating three decades of life in the political and musical hinterlands, Propagandhi will release their sixth studio album, Failed States, on September 4th. The album’s first single “Failed States” debuts today and can be heard now by going HERE. Fans can pre-order Failed States now at The Epitaph Store. Additionally, Propagandhi will kick off a North American tour in September with support from Comback Kid. Dates are listed below.

Failed States willfully careens between brazen metallic tendencies and the ragged punk rock roots of Propagandhi's earlier work, further raising the lyrical and musical bar set by their critically-acclaimed 2009 release, Supporting Cast(e).

“Our goal is always to create a no-holds-barred, forward-thinking, tip-of-the-hat to the giants -- Voivod, Rush, NoMeansNo, SNFU, Sacrifice, Razor, Guilt Parade – that have gone before us,” says vocalist and guitarist, Jesus H. Chris. “We are in their debt and take the mission seriously. Even when we're singing about liking Kurt Russell as Captain Ron, we take the mission seriously. Failed States is our most formidable – and to me personally, our most surprising -- attempt at conjuring the numinous from the quotidian. Yes, I had to look those words up.”

The result is one of the band’s most forward thinking and musically varied albums to date. Failed States is not simply proof of Propagandhi's continued dedication to pushing their musical boundaries, but an evocative (and provocative) meditation on human nature, meaning and life under an expanding, planet-wide technocracy. Ranging from dynamic, progressive rock of “Note To Self” to the accelerated heaviness of “Duplicate Keys Icaro (An Interim Report)” and blazing thrash cuts like “Hadron Collision” and “Things I Like,” Propagandhi has created a truly monumental sixth album.

Stay tuned to www.propagandhi.com and www.epitaph.com to hear new music from Failed States and for news about Propagandhi!

01. Note to Self

02. Failed States

03. Devil's Creek

04. Rattan Cane

05. Hadron Collision

06. Status Update

07. Cognitive Suicide

08. Things I Like

09. Unscripted Moment

10. Dark Matters

11. Lotus Gait

12. Duplicate Keys Icaro (An Interim Report)