The oddest and the most uncommon game!

Crazy Stickman has won hearts of more than 2,150,000 users of Blackberry and iOS now hits Android. 
Crazy Stickman is a top game that has occupied best positions on the list of best game for mobile phones.

And this is what people think about Crazy Stickman:
September 28, 2011 by: EllenElise 
"Awesome Game!!!!!!!!
I love this game. I love the drawn graphics for the design of the game there so cool. This game is good to play when u r bored or just waiting for something, I like to play this game when I'm in the car or on the bus. I would recommend this game xx"

September 28, 2011 by: rob collins-59837
"my favourite game!!!
Well it is the funniest that I've found recently on the app store!!!"

August 11, 2011 by: songsalieri
" funny stress buster 
Crazy Stickman is a funny, fast paced stress buster. The simple stick figure man is just trying to stay alive, which is just how people sometimes feel. A great quick break in a stressful day, stick man makes you feel like your life's not quite so bad after all. Big Thumbs Up!"

And now about the rules.

So imagine that the world has gone mad and crazy balls are falling from heaven.
What should a poor Man caught in this insane weather do?

Of course run and scream!

The objective of the game is to keep the Man alive. A player should try to escape from as many balls as possible. The final score is the number of the balls that the Man has managed to avoid.
The Man runs to the left and to the right, screams and from time to time releases himself.Remember that running not always means salvation, sometimes in order not to be killed a player can leave the Man stay still for a second or two.

DonΓÇÖt be surprised if in a week you will find yourself playing it with the same enthusiasm.

Features:
- stunning design;
- funny sound;
- OpenFeint Leaderboards - compete with the whole world;
- OpenFeint Achievements - unlock them all;

DonΓÇÖt let the balls kill you! =)ΓÇâ
***** Have Fun! *****