A Tutorial Guide to AutoCAD 2013 provides a step-by-step introduction to AutoCAD with commands presented in the context of each tutorial. In fifteen clear and comprehensive chapters, author Shawna Lockhart guides readers through all the important commands and techniques in AutoCAD 2013, from 2D drawing to solid modeling and finally finishing with rendering. In each lesson, the author provides step-by-step instructions with frequent illustrations showing exactly what appears on the AutoCAD screen. Later, individual steps are no longer provided, and readers are asked to apply what they've learned by completing sequences on their own. A carefully developed pedagogy reinforces this cumulative-learning approach and supports readers in becoming skilled AutoCAD users.
A Tutorial Guide to AutoCAD 2013 begins with three Getting Started chapters that include information to get readers of all levels prepared for the tutorials. The author includes tips that offer suggestions and warnings as you progress through the tutorials. Key Terms and Key Commands are listed at the end of each chapter to recap important topics and commands learned in each tutorial. Also, a glossary of terms and Commands Summary lists the key commands used in the tutorials. Each chapter concludes with end of chapter problems providing challenges to a range of abilities in mechanical, electrical, and civil engineering as well as architectural problems.

Table of Contents 
Getting Started: Preparing for the Tutorials 
Getting Started: AutoCAD Basics 
Getting Started: Studying for AutoCAD Certification 
1. Introduction to the AutoCAD Software 
2. Basic Construction Techniques 
3. Basic Editing and Plotting Techniques 
4. Geometric Constructions 
5. Template Drawings and More Plotting 
6. 2D Orthographic Drawings 
7. Dimensioning 
8. Advanced Dimensioning 
9. Section and Auxiliary Views 
10. Blocks, DesignCenter, and Custom Tool Palettes 
11. Introduction to Solid & Surface Modeling 
12. Changing and Plotting Solid Models 
13. Creating Assembly Drawings from Solid Models 
14. Solid Modeling for Section and Auxiliary Views 
15. Rendering 
Glossary 
Appendix A: AutoCAD Command Summary 
Index

in a .zip and in pdf format
