Information Security: Principles and Practice 


Publication Date: May 3, 2011 | ISBN-10: 0470626399 | ISBN-13: 978-0470626399 | Edition: 2
Now updatedΓÇöyour expert guide to twenty-first century information security
Information security is a rapidly evolving field. As businesses and consumers become increasingly dependent on complex multinational information systems, it is more imperative than ever to protect the confidentiality and integrity of data. Featuring a wide array of new information on the most current security issues, this fully updated and revised edition of Information Security: Principles and Practice provides the skills and knowledge readers need to tackle any information security challenge.

Taking a practical approach to information security by focusing on real-world examples, this book is organized around four major themes:

Cryptography: classic cryptosystems, symmetric key cryptography, public key cryptography, hash functions, random numbers, information hiding, and cryptanalysis
Access control: authentication and authorization, password-based security, ACLs and capabilities, multilevel security and compartments, covert channels and inference control, security models such as BLP and Biba's model, firewalls, and intrusion detection systems
Protocols: simple authentication protocols, session keys, perfect forward secrecy, timestamps, SSH, SSL, IPSec, Kerberos, WEP, and GSM
Software: flaws and malware, buffer overflows, viruses and worms, malware detection, software reverse engineering, digital rights management, secure software development, and operating systems security
This Second Edition features new discussions of relevant security topics such as the SSH and WEP protocols, practical RSA timing attacks, botnets, and security certification. New background material has been added, including a section on the Enigma cipher and coverage of the classic "orange book" view of security. Also featured are a greatly expanded and upgraded set of homework problems and many new figures, tables, and graphs to illustrate and clarify complex topics and problems. A comprehensive set of classroom-tested PowerPoint slides and a solutions manual are available to assist in course development.

Minimizing theory while providing clear, accessible content, Information Security remains the premier text for students and instructors in information technology, computer science, and engineering, as well as for professionals working in these fields.

A solutions manual is available. Please email digialo@wiley.com to obtain it.