Im not a nerd, im just trying to be a fair sub to the legendary uploader 

Bobiras2009.

Help me to seed..


We missing "Bobiras2009" torrents,Hope you return soon.!!!


Google Playstore:-
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.inxile.BardTale&feature=search_result#?t=W251bGwsMSwxLDEsImNvbS5pbnhpbGUuQmFyZFRhbGUiXQ..

Install APK and download data via WiFi.

---------------------

★★★★★ “The Bard’s Tale is easily the funniest game I’ve ever played” – IGN ★★★★★

They said it couldn’t be done… a full-scale massive 3D epic role-playing game on Android! See why it’s the BIGGEST Android game ever made!

NOTE: Additional assets downloaded after install require at least 1.7GB of free space.

RECOMMENDED DEVICE SPECIFICATION: 1GHz or higher CPU; Adreno 205, Tegra 2, SGX 540 or Mali 400 or higher GPU.

“The Bard’s Tale is easily the funniest game I’ve ever played, and I’ve played all the funny games out there.” – IGN

You are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars. Through magical song you summon characters to join you in battle, heal your party, and take damage on your behalf. Ready your weapon as you embark on a quest for coin and cleavage!

“Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bard’s Tale” – Game Chronicles

Play The Bard’s Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*. Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring:

• 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)
• A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more
• A full cast of bizarre NPC’s
• Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat
• 16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you
• Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!
• More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!
• Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the Narrator

But wait! That’s not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:

New Features:
• Autosave—option to save automatically when you near a save-book in game.
• Time-Savers—optional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)
• Includes the original classic The Bard’s Tale trilogy!
+ The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown
+ The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and
+ The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of Fate

“This game is satire in its sharpest form” – Cheat Code Central

Play The Bard’s Tale today!

Support:
We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bard’s Tale for Android. Please send support questions/comments through The Bard’s Tale Support link below. You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page “The Bard’s Tale”.

IT IS HUGE!
Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device. Thank you for your patience with the download time.

Android adaptation by Square One Games.

* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.

Native Gamepad Support:
o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)
o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.
o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set “Enable Gamepad” option to be “ON”.
o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO
o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)

SixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bard’s Tale trilogy.

Supported languages: English, French, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish