The Science and Spirituality of Creation - Recorded Live - Seattle, Washington - 2003

Following the success(es) of the Emerald Covenant Masters Planetary Stewardship Program, 01/ 2000 through 08/ 2003, comes an imminent shift in focus and teaching thrust; this focus is one which will concentrate on the tools and techniques by which "Team Indigo" will participate fully in "The Great Cosmic Healing Cycle" to assist in facilitating the "New Vision of Co-evolutionary Peace". The EOMC Foundation materials which have, and will increasingly, underpin understanding and involvement in this major shift is represented by the hugely detailed content of over 50 different Workshops and more than 1,000 hours of teaching time. To ensure that a most up-to-date and comprehensive platform of understanding was available to ALL, and on which the next major progression will be fully initiated (beginning Kathara Levels 2-3 Phoenix 04/ 2004), the Guardians determined that it was essential to provide the most succinct, and specially structured review of the major themes, principles and precepts of the information presented since Fall 1999. The materials from this workshop are thus destined to become the first, major, EOMC Maharata Texts Standard Reference work of especial relevance and use to ALL involved; and, of crucial fast-track value to those yet to become involved, in the EOMC Christos Re-alignment Mission. The material is especially structured in a way which facilitates deeper understanding of Key Concepts and the essential relationships between them.

The material is presented in 5 Sections: 1) Cosmic Order - which spans the nature of Partiki, the very "stuff of Creation", the nature of Creation as Structure expressed through the nested (Kathara) Grids which form the Ecka Maps of the God Worlds, up to the nature, role and location of Star Gates throughout this Universe.  2) Personal Interdimensional Anatomy - which illustrates the intrinsic relationship between species, planetary, galactic, universal and cosmic grids; the embodied personal "Shields" (or Stargates), the organic flow relationship of Universal Life Force Currents, "Auric Field Levels", Chakra and Hova Body correspondences, the characteristics of the Crystal Seals and relationships to DNA accretion.  3) Primal Life Force Currents - which reveals the Interdimensional Frequency Spectra as expressed through the 15 Rays and 12 Domains, revealing the relationship between structure, dimensional levels, Harmonic Universes, frequency characteristics and down to the level of the personal DNA and Kathara Grid Template.  4) The Merkaba Vehicle - this section integrates and expresses the deep significance of the material presented in Sections 1 - 3, by illustrating the Personal, Multidimensional, Identity levels associated with Merkaba Phases, from the significance of DNA/ Fire Letters to the quintessential importance of the (restoration of) Organic Flow of Primal Life Force Currents. Crucially, this Section reveals the true nature of Merkabic Spiral Sets, the significance of Star Gate Seals and the stages and processes by which creation of the Ascension vehicle, the Mahunta, 12-Point, 12-Plane Merkaba, can be realised. The Section also presents a detailed introduction to the nature and function of Universal Eternal Life Christic Merkaba Fields and their explicit relationship to the God Worlds "without" as well as the God Worlds "within" - the personal "Monadic Atomic Body", Kathara Grids, Lotus "Body" and Monadic Core Merkaba Fields.  5)  The Eternal Flame Body - this Section begins by revealing the "In Breath and Out Breath" of God, the Christos Seed Atom and the all-important relationship to the organic nature of Merkaba Spiral Sets and the personal Radial Bodies. These lead to revelation of the processes of Manifestation revealing the significance and focus of Flame Body Activations and the relationship to releasing embodied Interdimensional Seals to facilitate the creation of the Cruxansatea triple axis Merkaba and, thus, unrestricted passage through the God Worlds.

In summary, this is the most essential reading-reference work since Voyagers and the Masters Planetary Templar Stewardship Manual. For more detailed personal research on any Section or aspect of the "Science & Spirituality of Creation" Workshop-Chartpack please research this Product List for specific workshops in which appropriate, in-depth, information was initially presented.
