Put any other requests for android apps here       
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=48

And any android games here       
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=49

Enjoy :)


Locale
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.twofortyfouram.locale

REQUIRES ANDROID:
Varies with device

Artificial intelligence for Android.
Judge Robert Restaino jailed 46 people when a mobile phone rang in his courtroom and no one admitted responsibility. So we invented Locale┬«!
Locale's advanced artificial intelligence manages settings automatically. For example: arrive at work and instantly your ringer silences, your wallpaper snaps to that scenic Caribbean photo, and Wi-Fi switches on. With Locale, never worry about your ringer going off accidentally again. Once you experience Locale's power and convenience, you'll never want to be without it. Set it and forget it!

LOCATION
Locale leverages patent pending artificial intelligence geofencing algorithms to combine accelerometer, cell, Wi-Fi, GPS, and other signals for instant location detection.
Configuring is simpleΓÇöit just works! To create a geofence location, drag and drop the pin on the map, resize the radius using your finger, and Locale does the rest.
The best part? No huge battery drains because Locale typically uses 3% or less of the battery. During our extensive testing across twenty popular Android devices, we found the battery lasts several days with Locale running.

PLUG-INS
Locale manages more than your ringer. Along with built-in conditions (Battery, Calendar (Android 4.0+), Caller, Location, Orientation, Time) and built-in settings (Bluetooth, Display Brightness, Display Timeout, Ringtone, Volume, Media Volume, Shortcut, Wallpaper, Wi-Fi), Locale expands with an advanced plug-in architecture. Over 400 Locale plug-ins exist on Google Play.
Imagine increasing your productivity by combining Locale with AstridΓÇöan amazing task and todo management appΓÇöfor location-aware reminders. Learn more at: http://blog.244.am/astrid