The Ramones - Pinhead [promo].VOB


HQ promo music video from a promo DVD. "Pinhead" is a song from Leave Home, the second studio album by American punk rock band The Ramones. It was released on January 10, 1977 through Sire Records. The album features the classic Ramones songs "Pinhead" and "Gimme Gimme Shock Treatment". It is the only Ramones album to go through different incarnations on its original release, due to label controversy over the song "Carbona Not Glue".

"Pinhead" was inspired after the band attended a screening of the 1932 film Freaks when a show in Ohio was canceled. The song became, along with "Blitzkrieg Bop", something of an anthem for the band, as the chorus of "Gabba gabba hey," based on the line from the film "gooble gobble, gooble gobble, one of us, one of us" (uttered in the song as "gabba gabba/we accept you/we accept you/one of us") became a rallying cry for the band. At many shows a roadie named Bubbles in a pinhead mask would take to the stage at the end of the show, carrying a large sign with the phrase written on it.

The Ramones were an American rock band that formed in the New York City neighborhood of Forest Hills, Queens, in 1974. They are often cited as the first punk rock group. Despite achieving only limited commercial success, the band was a major influence on the punk rock movement both in the United States and the United Kingdom.
 
All of the band members adopted pseudonyms ending with the surname "Ramone", though none of them were related. They performed 2,263 concerts, touring virtually nonstop for 22 years. In 1996, after a tour with the Lollapalooza music festival, the band played a farewell concert and disbanded. Little more than eight years after the breakup, the band's three founding membersΓÇölead singer Joey Ramone, guitarist Johnny Ramone, and bassist Dee Dee RamoneΓÇöhad died.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leave_Home 
      
http://bayimg.com/CaOLjaaDf 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9800kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:02:39




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated April 01, 2012!


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 

