From an aviation point of view Cleveland is the most thrilling city in this series so far. Take off from one of the last downtown airports in the US and test your abilities as a pilot doing some island hopping on the Lake Erie Islands.
For pilots Cleveland is among the most fascinating cities in the US. Unlike Chicago it still has a Lakefront airport that is so insanely close to downtown that an approach there offers quite a lot for your eyes. Let it be the Browns Stadium, the Science Museum`s wind turbine or the Lakeshore Power plant that are just a few feet from the glideslope or the stunning views at those skyscrapers and many bridges crossing the Cuyahoga River. Last but not least the Lakefront Airport is well-known for the annual Cleveland National Air Show that takes place there.
Of course that`s not all. As with most other US Cities again we have added some more bonus content like Perry’s Nuclear Power Plant to the east (a perfect waypoint for flights from the Niagara/Buffalo area) plus a complete island hopping scenery of the US Lake Erie Islands, of which most have their own airports in various sizes. The islands are also a nice stopover for flights from Chicago or a touristy holiday destination during the summer months. They are featuring a massive 315 feet tall peace memorial overlooking the islands.
Features:
 Aerial image coverage with up to 15cm/pix resolution (see attached Google Earth file)
 Bonus: Complete island hopping scenery covering the US Lake Erie Islands!
 More than 640 major buildings included
 45,935 autogen objects placed realistically
 Highly detailed and customized mesh terrain
 Many detailed bridges with traffic crossing the Cuyahoga River 2 crossing a valley along the Cleveland-Hopkins Rwy 10 approach
 4 heliports in good detail
 Major airports in and around the city as well as the islands are covered with new high res ground images with customized mesh terrain (no new building structures added):
 Burke Lakefront
 Cleveland Hopkins International Airport
 Cuyahoga County Airport
 Kelley’s Island
 Put-In-Bay
 Middle Bass Island
 Middle Bass Island East Point
 Rattlesnake Island
 North Bass Island
 Sound effects like downtown- and highway traffic and animated gulls
 Animated ship traffic and ferries between the islands
 Traffic on most major roads
 And another small bonus: Perry Nuclear Power Plant with Helipad and animated smoke that turns in wind direction
 Low price, very good value for money
View aerial coverage >> Download KMZ-file <<
Google Earth is required for viewing this file. Download it for free here: http://earth.google.com/
System requirements: 
 Microsoft Flight Simulator X (SP2, Acceleration Pack or Gold Edition)
 Windows XP, Windows VISTA, Windows 7 (fully updated)
 Intel Core 2 Duo E6850 CPU (Core 2 Quad advised)
 2 GB RAM
 Direct X 9 compatible Graphics Card with minimal 512 MB
 Adobe Acrobat Reader 8 minimal to read and print the manual
 Active internet connection für activation
 Installations-Size: 650 MB