                        Love/Hate | s02 | WS.PDTV

ABOUT THE SERIES
In the dix-part second series, a year has passed since Darren's quest for revenge for his brother ended in him being shot by Stumpy as he tried to walk away from John Boy Power's toxic gangland world. Now, almost fully recovered but tortured by PTSD, he is working as a gofer for newcomer on the scene Fran, a mid-level cannabis and hooky cigarettes smuggler and loan shark. Meanwhile John Boy himself is spiralling. He's literally haunted by the death of his brother in the form of a mysterious ghostly figure he keeps seeing on the security CCTV system at his apartment stronghold. Profits are down in the ailing Irish economy and the police are closing in, the forensic accountants of C.A.B. seizing assets and generally making business impossible. John Boy plans to get his money out of the country and to retire to Spain, but his increasing cocaine use is making him more and more unpredictable and paranoid. All is not happy families with Nidge and his pregnant wife as he has an affair.


Written by Stuart Carolan.

Series 2 was nominated for 10 Irish Film & Television Awards, winning 7 including Best Drama.


CAST
Robert Sheehan     ... Darren Tracey
Ruth Bradley       ... Mary Tracey
Aidan Gillen       ... John Boy Power
Ruth Negga         ... Rosie
Peter Campion      ... Stumpy
Killian Scott      ... Tommy
Tom Vaughan-Lawlor ... Nidge
Aoibhinn McGinnity ... Trish
Lawrence Kinlan    ... Elmo
Mark Dunne         ... Ado
Susan Loughnane    ... Debbie
Charlie Murphy     ... Siobhan
Patrick Murphy	   ... Karl


WHY PDTV INSTEAD OF DVD
rte decided it would be a good idea to take the PAL source and convert it to Region 0 NTSC for their DVD release. They did it the bad way and the DVDs of series 1 and 2 are full of blended frames that sometimes are blantantly visible while viewing the discs. The WS.PDTV releases are from native PAL broadcasts and don't have this issue.

These come from Irish Torrents dot com. The cappers encoded to target bitrate, 1000kbps or 1050kbps, rather than target file size of 350MB or 550MB.
  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love/Hate_%28TV_series%29	