In Teachers Pet 4, the latest collection of school-related vignettes from the inimitable Joey Silvera, the faculty and students of a fictional institution engage in prohibited conduct just for the nasty thrill of it! Super-sultry, big-boobed brunette Jennifer White is a nursing major who submits to a thorough examination from Coach Nacho Vidal. He ruthlessly fucks her pretty face; the voluptuous slut rides Nachos giant cock and takes a mouthful of hot sperm. Next, sassy Cami Smalls meets the director in the park, wheres hes doing school security. Joey shares her pussy with black stud Sean Michaels, and Cami gets their hard dicks in a lewd interracial three-way. Pierced, tattooed and clad in shiny, skintight vinyl, kinky, young sweetheart Krysta Kaos offers herself to Nacho. He manhandles her slender body, applying clothespins to her natural breasts and ferociously banging Krystas perfect cunt with his raging pole. The coach and Joey both ravish sweet Eva Fenix, a petite Latina pupil who gets discovered smoking... and pays for it via a rough pussy pounding and messy double-facial. Down in Brazil, thick blonde beauty Patricia Castro is infatuated with her teacher, Mr. Portella, and the huge-titted babe does some things of a compromising nature to express her secret anal longings. Luscious lesbian students Kristina Rose and Skin Diamond do some cramming together for their anal test, and the director enjoys a bare foot job from young Pressley Carter. Teachers Pet 4 will school ya!
Joey Silveras Teachers Pet 4 is a double-disc DVD with extensive behind-the-scenes footage, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.

Featuring: Jennifer White, Cami Smalls, Krysta Kaos, Eva Fenix, Patricia Castro, Kristina Rose, Skin Diamond, Pressley Carter, Nacho Vidal, Joey Silvera, Sean Michaels, Dhones Portella

Screens:  
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=p7la4f09kp6o1n271nvu.jpg
  
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=uail7262y1ne66hfo0x3.jpg
  
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=qnuesdn30sj79pboqui4.jpg
  
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=qrjsl3oe9l46by5sh9vv.jpg