Description

All your beloved recipes in one beautifully crafted place.
Completely searchable.
Easily sharable.

With Recipes you can store unlimited recipes in unlimited groups.
You can search thru all recipes and for any content
- no matter if it is an ingredient, the kind of recipe or your notes.
Recipes also remembers your last searches
- thus all your recipes (e.g.) containing noodles are just one simple click away.

With just one click you can also directly and easily:

· print out the current recipe
· print out the complete group
· print out the complete library of all your recipes

· share your recipes by email
· share your recipes on Twitter
· share your recipes on Facebook

· publish them, so that everyone can see, use, download and share them
· publish them, to access them from any mobile device - regardless of kind and system

· import recipes from other Apps like MacGourmet, YummySoup or Paprika

Of course, sharing and printing is nice - but in the end it is all about cooking.
Thus recipes has a built in fullscreen cook view and is completely operable by gestures…

Because Recipes is already iCloud enabled
- you can access your recipes from any Mac, everywhere, anytime.
Yes, that's why I am already finishing up the iPad companion App.
Of course, an iPhone version will also follow…

What's New in Version 2.0

MAJOR UPDATE AND COMPLETELY REWRITTEN

Gorgeous new library/gallery view
Completely operable by gestures
Import from other Apps like MacGourmet, YummySoup or Paprika
Search thru complete library
Print out single recipes, the current group or even the whole library
Improved print outs
Easily share recipes on Facebook, Twitter, the Internet or by email
Publish recipes, to access them from any mobile device - regardless of kind and system
Lots more

NEW: iCloud Support
(iPad and iPhone companion Apps already in the works)
NEW: Sandboxing
NEW: 10.7 only
(sorry, but it is a sandboxed and ARC, 64-Bit enabled App now, thus using a NAS, the Dropbox, own Sync Service etc. does not work anymore and iCloud is available under 10.7 only)

Requirements: OS X 10.7.3 or later, 64-bit processor
