

Cover:


Release info:

Child Control Features
Internet Remote Control


You can modify the most important settings or view session logs directly on the Internet. No matter where you are. No matter which browser you are using. This feature is part of the Online Functions.
User Management


See at a glance what restrictions are in effect for each user, and whether the level of security is adequate for that user. Now you can also reset all elapsed times to zero with a single click.
New Ways of Blocking Web Pages


Set up time limits and off-limits hours for individual web pages (URLΓÇÖs). Limit the amount of chatting or gaming your kids can do at a given site to the framework you have established.
Time Limits


Set up separate allocations for computer use time and Internet time. This determines how long both the computer itself and the Internet can be used. You can set these up on a daily, weekly, or monthly basisΓÇöor even set separate limits for each day of the week.
Blocked times


Besides defining the amount of time available, you can also define times of the day or week when the PC or the Internet are off-limits. New in this version: you can specify these times to the minute (for example, to begin at 8:15 p.m. instead of 8:00 p.m.).
Program Limits


Use this function to define time limits and blocked times for individual programs. Unwanted programs can be completely blocked, while preferred programs can be made available without restrictions.
Group time limits


Before, you could specify time limits only for individual applications. Now you can do so for nine different groups. For example, you can define a group of applications as "shooter games," or one for games of strategy, or for other kinds of applications. As soon as an application from a given group is started, the time used starts to increment. Once the time has expired, no more applications belong to the group may be started.
System Security


Do you want to prevent access to certain Windows functions, such as the Control Panel or the Registry? Child Control lets you restrict even administrative users.
A Safe Internet Experience


Use categories (such as sex and chat), keywords or URLΓÇÖs (websites) to establish exactly what is permissible on the Web, and what is not. New in this version: even specific websites can have time restrictions applied to them.
Emailed Logs


Let the emailed log inform you about what has been happening on your computerΓÇöincluding applications started, websites viewed, and warnings displayed. Now even easier: no complicated settings are required.
Settings


Now, when time runs out, you can set as the default action the continued availability of certain preferred applications, such as educational ones. You can also set up a vacation extension, or customize warning notices, etc.
TANs, emails, and a lot more...


In place of a password, a TAN may now be used to obtain an extension of time. Now you can extend your child's time on the computer even from your office. You can also use the email notifications settings to specify exactly what type of information you would like sent to you by email, such as the names of .exe's or URL's, and whether you would like to get an email each time that the PC starts up or shuts down.

Install Note:
1.Run Setup file
2.Activate the product 
3.Do not update online
4.Run from desktop shortcut


Screen Shot:
 
http://salfeld.com/images/2011enremote.gif 
http://salfeld.com/images/2011eninternetunwantedurl.gif 
http://salfeld.com/images/2001enprogramsoverview.gif 
http://salfeld.com/images/2011ensettingstan.gif 
http://salfeld.com/images/2011eninternetcategories.gif