Enjoy the best Housewife on the internet, and probably the best in the world HousewifeKelly!


The Code -- **** -- Nice Thanksgiving Holiday set. ;-) Sex, & Food..just missing the Thanksgiving Football game.


11/30/10: I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving Weekend:) I know I sure did! There must have been something in the turkey because Shawn and I couldn't keep our hands off of each other! We did nothing but fuck all weekend! It actually started on Thanksgiving morning when I was setting the table for all of our guests. I had so much to do that morning that I left Shawn's morning wood standing alone, lol. I was actually really horny too but I had so much to do and there was just no time. That was ok though because after I got all caught up, just before our families were about to arrive, we gave each other a nice little fucking right in the kitchen! I was so stressed out from trying to organize everything and a good hard fucking was exactly what I needed to relax me. I think more housewives should take time out of their busy schedules and get fucked once in awhile! There's nothing like a good orgasm to relieve stress. This ended up being a great fuck and luckily, we got it all on camera for you. This is my official Housewife Kelly Thanksgiving Sex Video for 2010! I think I'm going to make this a tradition and do one every year from now on:) After all, sex is what I am most thankful for! As always, enjoy!


11/26/2011: *BONUS VIDEO* Happy Thanksgiving!! This is just a little something extra to get you all through the holiday weekend ;) Maybe you can sneak away from the family for a few minutes and jerk off to me! I will still be posting another video in a few days as planned. You guys can thank Shawn for this video because he kinda put me on the spot and left me no choice but to suck him off last Wednesday when I was preparing for Thanksgiving. I was very busy in the kitchen trying to get everything ready for the holiday feast when suddenly I turned around and there was Shawn with the video camera and a huge boner! I was very busy but I believe that being a good wife means never leaving your man with a hard cock. If my husband's cock gets hard, I'm always willing to get down on my knees and give him some good head. I love sucking cock anyway so it works out for the both us us;) I was caught off guard in this video so I was just wearing some old jeans and a tank top but I sucked his cock extra good to make up for my lack of sexy attire. I also swallowed his cum because I didn't wanna get it all over my face. I managed to get every drop in my mouth without wasting any! I don't eat turkey so that was my yummy Thanksgiving Feast this year:P Considering how unprepared I was, I think this video came out great and I can't wait for all of you to jerk off to it for me. Enjoy! xoxo-Kelly 