Paul Simon, America's Folk Soul, offers a deeply moving and atmospheric rendering of his signature tune "Sound of Silence," on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 outrage on New York City and the Twin Towers where over 3000 souls were lost. The Live performance was delivered from Ground Zero.

A word about our comments. Requests are coming in to disable all comments as some are personally hurtful. I would hate to do this so please, vote down or Spam Label anything unkind and I will delete the most painful over the next few days. 
Also due to the large volume of objectionable videos, you now need to have your video approved before it will be displayed on the channel. Thanks very much.

"Paul Simon took 6 months to write the lyrics, which are about man's lack of communication with his fellow man. He averaged one line a day." - songfacts

The Sound of Silence - P. Simon, 1964
Hello darkness, my old friend 
I've come to talk with you again 
Because a vision softly creeping 
Left its seeds while I was sleeping 
And the vision that was planted in my brain 
Still remains 
Within the sound of silence

In restless dreams I walked alone 
Narrow streets of cobblestone 
'Neath the halo of a street lamp 
I turn my collar to the cold and damp 
When my eyes were stabbed by the flash of a neon light 
That split the night 
And touched the sound of silence

And in the naked light I saw 
Ten thousand people maybe more 
People talking without speaking 
People hearing without listening 
People writing songs that voices never shared 
No one dared 
Disturb the sound of silence

"Fools," said I, "you do not know 
Silence like a cancer grows 
Hear my words that I might teach you 
Take my arms that I might reach you" 
But my words like silent raindrops fell 
And echoed in the wells of silence

And the people bowed and prayed 
To the neon god they made 
And the sign flashed out its warning 
In the words that it was forming 
And the sign said "The words of the prophets are written on the subway walls 
And tenement halls 
And whispered in the sound of silence