Homefront Repack R.G.Revenants 

Year: March 15, 2011
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person
Developer: Digital Extremes
Publisher: THQ
Publication Type: RePack
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Tablet: enclosing (SKiDROW)


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Operating system: Windows ┬« XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: AMD Athlon 64 X2 Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz
RAM: 2 GB
Video: 256 MB VRAM, Shader 3.0
Sound device: compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c
Hard disk space: 12 GB

     Homefront - subject-oriented cinematic thriller, in which the script is important. In work on the storyline involved a famous Hollywood screenwriter John Milius ("Apocalypse Now", "Red Dawn") and former U.S. intelligence. The authors come up with realistic geopolitical scenario in which, by 2025 the U.S. economy will be finally destroyed by the second wave of the crisis, and score political and military power of New Korea (formed through the merger of North and South Korea) will explode over the weakened U.S. nuclear warhead and occupies the west of the country. The American people, who lost the regular army, but not broken, will continue to fight the invaders, leading them against the hard-edged partisan warfare. Their main task - to raise an insurrection in San Francisco, which became the base of the occupying forces. The protagonist of Homefront, a professional pilot - by chance becomes one of the rebels. And now he has to fire, water and copper pipes (ie a lot of run and shoot, fly helicopters and tanks, to organize sabotage and blow up enemy targets) and to approximate the hour of victory!

GAME FEATURES:

Find a frighteningly believable world near future all become familiar stranger.
Strive for a good purpose: Join a unique character and stand on the side of the resistance, leading guerrilla struggle with the powerful military force for the sake of freedom.
Understand how tragic war: a fascinating story, written by John Mayliusom is represented in the game with a set of interactive side scenes.
Experience all that you expect from the most explosive shooter with a first-person: fight on foot as well as a military transport in well-developed single player campaign, which you will remember for a long time with its stunning dynamics.
Move fights online: try a new experience from the vast battles on land and wheels on a surprisingly large maps.
 
REPACK FEATURES:

Do not cut / recoded
Game Version v 1.0.384501
RePack by R.G. Revenants