                                  By bobiras2009			


Color Splash Effect lets you quickly and easily give photos a dramatic look by converting them to black and white, while keeping your chosen details in color. This effect draws the viewers' attention to the colored areas, creating striking images.

Most selective coloring apps give you 2 painting choices: Gray or original color. Color Splash Effect gives you this PLUS the ability to paint nearly ANY color!

The intuitive and responsive multi-touch user interface makes Color Splash Effect amazingly easy and fun to use. Use your finger as a brush to "paint" sections of your image black and white, or to bring back the original color. Zooming in and out using the two-finger pinching gesture allows you to work on details with pixel-accuracy.

Features:

    Share your edited images on Facebook.
    Save multiple sessions to resume your work later.
    Undo any number of accidental brush strokes.
    An alternative view mode highlights the regions that will remain in color with a red tint. This makes it easier to see and adjust the boundaries between color and black & white regions.
    Choose from 4 different brushes (hard or soft edged, opaque or transparent)
    Work in landscape or portrait orientation.
    Hide the toolbars in full screen mode.
    Optimized for tablets
    Pinch zoom(zoom with fingers)
    Scalable brush size
    Change colors of your photos

What is more than others

    Provides highest resolution results.
    Provides landscape and portrait mode.
    Two different user interface designs, one for phones and one for tablets.
    Tablet design provide more space for photos.
    Most realistic color replace operation unlike other apps.

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 24, 2012)

    New Adjustment tools
    Contrast adjustment
    Warmth adjustment
    Brightness adjustment
    Also 3 new effects
    total 12 effects

Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                  By bobiras2009			