INFORMATION:
▪ Release Date: September 21, 2011
▪ Genre: Indi  Action
▪ Developer: NGD Studios
▪ Published: NGD Studios
▪ Publication Type: Repak
▪ Language of Text: Russian  English (depending on the language of the installer)
▪ Audio language: English
▪ Tablet: integrated (RELOADED)
    SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:
√ Operating System: Windows ® XP SP3, Windows Vista ® SP1, Windows ® 7
√ Processor: Intel core 2 duo 2.4GHz
√ RAM: 1GB for XP/2GB for Vista / 7
√ Video card: NVidia 7600, ATI X1600 or better
√ Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
√ Free hard drive space: 750 MB
     DESCRIPTION:

    They are the most formidable team of elite fighters ever brought together from around the world. But what brought them? Alert! Our Mother Earth is attacked!
An alien invasion threatens all of humanity, regardless of gender, skin color or nationality. And these vile alien invaders have at their disposal a powerful Zombie Army ™, and not only ..

"Halloween DLC"
In Horror Pack, goznakomtes with our new heroes, you've never seen before. Next, in a fight with a weapon at the enemy, as a strong bunch of heroes against hordes of zombies and monsters. You will be able to play as Agent Blood, Dzharedshteyna, El Cap, or Komandoga Smittsoniana and become the most impregnable line of defense of humanity.

"Holiday Pack"
In the New Year's Day zombies and aliens have been naughty, and Santa has prepared a special gift for them from the hot lead.
You see Santa, jolly man from the north, and its Dzholligan? And it is! Santa will join the Agent Lee, Jared Joe, El Comandante, and Captain Smith in the fight for survival against the alien invaders of Earth, and their army of zombies. This new character is present in single-player campaign, "survival game" and a new survival mode "on time".

Become a Hero, Earth needs you, even very good!

     GAME FEATURES:
"Exciting arcade game on cartoon war;
"Colorful graphics;
"Different weapons in the game.
    Features repack:
In the Russian language game is translated RG Expromt
Do not cut / no recoded
Have all the latest updates
Halloween DLC add-on installed, and Holiday Pack
Installation time ~ 1 minute

Repak - [R.G. Catalyst]
Translation - [R.G. Expromt]
