Kiki RPG: Premium v1.0.3
Requirements: Android 2.1 and up
Overview: A new, beautifully rendered action RPG from the makers of the highly acclaimed ”Exitium: Saviors of Vardonia”. This cutely styled and wonderfully crafted RPG gives you the chance to utilize the powers of different creatures in your fight against a monstrous, re-awaking force of evil...


The land has been at peace for fourteen years, since the defeat and banishment of the Demon King. Young KiKi’s parents, who were among the group of legendary Heroes that went to face the Demon King, never returned. But the peace is becoming increasingly uneasy; creatures are beginning to terrorise peaceful townsfolk and villagers, and there are rumors of an ancient evil emerging in a distant land.
Join KiKi on her adventures to find her missing parents and defeat the emerging threat, and, in the process, become the Hero she’s always wanted to be.
FEATURES 
● Acquire and tame the souls of creatures and use their powers! 
● Utilize the powers of the animals: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Sheep, Monkey, Rooster, Wolf, Pig! 
● Take care of your tamed souls or they might leave you! 
● Make traps and bombs to aid your battles! 
● Ride your Landmate! Magical transportation! 
● Ranches allow you to breed animals! Passive and active skill to build! 
● Mine ore, gather herbs, raise animals and collect trees! Hire assistants to help you collect natural items. 
● Find NPCs that can help you on your quest! Cute and crazy characters will help or hinder your adventure! 
● Strange, wonderful and fearsome creatures and monsters to battle. 
● Cook your meals out in the field with ingredients you find on your travels! 
● Create, strengthen and customize your own weapons, tool, traps and bombs! 
● Fabricate newer and more powerful weapons and equipment! 
● Crush unwanted items and use the powder to make newer, more useful items! 
● Intensify to strengthen weapons and equipment you already have! 
● Teleport around using magic boxes! 
● Explore many, colorful, challenging landscapes! Cute and charming graphics and animations. 
● Fun and funny quests and side missions! 
● Massive amount of items in the online store.
