Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/60000/photo-59268.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/60000/photo-59269.jpg
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/60000/photo-59270.jpg

Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning-SKIDROW
Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning (c) EA Games

07-02-2012........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
RPG..................Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

The minds of New York Times bestselling author R.A. Salvatore, Spawn
creator Todd McFarlane, and Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion lead designer
Ken Rolston have combined to create Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning, a
new role-playing game set in a world worth saving. Build the character
you've always wanted and continuously evolve it to your style of play
with the revolutionary Destiny system. Choose your path and battle
through a master-crafted universe featuring some of the most intense,
responsive, and customizable RPG combat ever.

Features:

A Massive World to Explore, Filled with Epic Fiction and Rich
Storytelling

Uncover the secrets of Amalur in hundreds of hours of immersive
gameplay, from the vibrant city of Rathir to the vast region of
Dalentarth to the grim dungeons of the Brigand Hall Caverns.

Rescue a world torn apart by a vicious war and control the keys to
immortality as the first warrior ever to be resurrected from the grips
of death. Turn your lack of a destiny to your advantage and harness
fate as a weapon.

Explore deep levels of lore in a universe steeped in 10,000 years of
fiction created by New York Times bestselling author R.A. Salvatore.

Intense Action Combat

Customize your play in a dynamic combat system that delivers some of
the most intense and responsive action ever seen in an RPG.

Seamlessly integrate magical and melee attacks as you take on scores
of enemies in grand fight sequences and finish them off with brutal
Fateshift kills.

Choose Your Destiny With Customizable Classes

Build the character you've always wanted with the revolutionary new
Destiny system that allows you to continuously evolve your character
class to your style of play.

Create and modify your hero with millions of combinations of skills,
abilities, weapons and pieces of armor.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content on the DVD, for
setting language of your choice.

Uploader Note: Please don't mind inside .jpg file included by one of our preseeding
supporting uploader,sometimes my gameseedbox is dead and in this case i took a torrent
from a private site with private seeders for better speeds-seeds via dht/peer exchange+my
own bandwidth for about 100 GiB.

Release Note: Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning-THETA is working well but if you want a scene release
version-english installer+language changer from skidrow download and enjoy it

Note: We need anything you can offer as early releases,seedboxes,links,accounts,etc
please contact us on piratepedia[@]msn/gmail.com or our website torentz 3xforum ro
Seed Stats: 20-400 GiB at aprox 10 MiB/sec/20 slots per torrent

Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages. 
IF the game does not work for you then update drivers, directX, components
as netframework/redist files/etc, run as administrator, change compatibility
mode, block/disable access to internet, copy crack/overwrite, other tweaks,etc
Search here for any future updates/working status/etc http://orlydb.com/s/games
or any other quality PreDatabase, Scene Release & Dupecheck sites.
Stop using stupid av's as AVG reporting false positive viruses-disable or use ESET