Xilisoft Video Converter 7.5.0 Latest..


Xilisoft Video Converter is easy, fast, reliable, and loaded with features. Besides capable of converting standard videos of all popular formats, it also supports the conversion from standard videos to 3D videos as well as the mode conversion among 3D videos. Now you can convert video, audio, and animated images to play on your PSP, PS3, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Xbox, Google phones, iPad, iPad2 and other digital multimedia devices. All is made possible with Xilisoft Video Converter.

 -  Convert nearly all HD/SD video and audio formats
 - Support videos shot by iPhone, other smart phones and DVs
 -  Convert video to iPad, iPod, iPhone, PSP, PS3, Xbox, mobile phone, MP4 players, Google phones
 -  Edit videos, clip/merge/split files, add watermarks/subtitles/soundtracks



High-Definition, Fast and Expert Video Converter

- 3D Videos Conversion
Convert standard videos to 3D videos. Support the conversion among different kinds of 3D videos. (Note: To watch 3D videos will require: 3D glasses and 3D TV or monitor.)
- High-Definition Video Converter
Support a wide range of HD video formats, Xilisoft Video Converter allows you to convert between multiform HD formats such as H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, AVCHD Video (*.m2ts, *.mts), Apple TV h.264 720P, MKV, HD WMV, and MPEG2/MPEG-4 TS HD Video, as well as convert videos from HD to SD.
- Convert Videos with Super High Speed
Convert a video in an instant with multi-core CPU processing and set the number of cores for conversion to customize conversion speed.
Video and Audio Conversion
Whether you are converting between multifarious video formats (such as AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, MKV, RM, MOV, XviD, 3GP, and FLV), audio formats (such as MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, MP2, and OGG), or extracting audio from a video, they can all be done in a matter of clicks.
- Transforming between Videos and Pictures
Produce a creative video from your favorite photos within minutes. Create a picture collection from your movies or fun videos as a souvenir/memento. View and enjoy them with your family and friends at your fingertips.
- Transfer Converted Video/Audio Files to Devices Directly
Convert and transfer video/audio files to iPod/iPhone 4/iPad/iPad2/PSP in one quick step with Xilisoft Video Converter.

More Detail: Xilisoft Video Convertor

Installation Instructions:

Step 1: unpack rar archive
 
Step 2: run the setup

Step 3: Use the given key to activate