Information
------------------------------

Mutant Planet
 Mutant Planet is a celebration of the power of evolution; an exploration of the forces that shape life in all its unexpected glory. This breath-taking series combines traditional natural history programming with cutting edge science documentary. Viewers are transported to six strange worlds within worlds where it seems as if nature has thrown the rule book out the window. Go in for a closer look, and see how the magic of evolution and the forces of nature have together shaped eccentric animals, eclectic lifestyles and unorthodox patterns of behavior.


Nature Documentary hosted by Richard Linton, published by Discovery Channel broadcasted as part of DC Mutant Planet series in 2011 - English narration


Information
------------------------------

Mutant Planet: Madagascar
In this episode we travel to Madagascar the land of lemurs, an ancient primate family that evolved from only one small group which arrived on the island more than 60 million years ago. For them Madagascar became the land of evolutionary opportunity and today there are almost 100 living species.

=== Brazil's Cerrado ===


On Brazil's ancient Cerrado grassland a community of eccentric creatures are all inter-dependent, and all life revolves around the landscape of mysterious mud-caked monoliths.


=== Mutant Planet: Australia ===


Australia is a floating laboratory whose ancient geological past and changing climate have triggered mutations in the animals here, culminating in over 200 species of bizarre pouched marsupials, which are all equipped with astounding survival features.

Africa's freshwater Great Lakes are the birthplace of the biggest, fastest, and perhaps the strangest mutation of any vertebrate on Earth. Could these fish actually be as intelligent as chimps?

Mutant Planet: Japan 
 
Isolated from the Asian mainland, Japan's animals have been forced to endure the most violently active islands on earth in a climate of extremes. Animals cast away on these outcrops must find innovative ways to overcome periods of starvation.


=== New Zealand ===


New Zealand is a fairytale archipelago with a turbulent geological past. A land with astonishing creatures: flightless birds, night dwellers and even living fossils. Evolution has run wild on this isolated land, producing some of the world's most unusual animals.