               Ableton Suite 8 v8.3.4 with Live 8.4b8 x86 x64


Type.................: Utility
Platform.............: Windows 9x/ME/2000
More Info............: http://www.ableton.com/
Compression Format...: RAR



Ableton Suite is a complete software studio. Suite 8 gives you all of the 
features in Live 8 plus sound, with a radically new Library packed with 
beautiful new sounds and a wealth of useful resources. Suite 8 contains 11 
Ableton instruments and effects including synths, a sampler, electric and 
acoustic drums, mallets, numerous sampled instruments, the new, reworked 
Operator and amp modeling effects. Two completely new instruments, Collision and 
Latin Percussion, round off the set. Ableton Suite 8 is a complete package: the 
tools and the sounds.



8.3.4 Release Notes
Improvements and feature changes:

    The word size of the Live application is now shown in the splash screen.
    Live is now showing the email address of the currently authorized user 
account in the "About" window.
    Improved the authorization dialogue when launching Live as a Trial version.

Bugfixes:

    Fixed a bug which could cause a "memory corruption error" when launching 
Live.
    Fixed a memory leak which could occur when using the "Complex" warp mode. 
    The Session View selection frame of the APC40 or Launchpad could get stuck 
after deleting scenes or undoing the creation of scenes.
    Live device parameters would no longer update correctly after deleting a Max 
for Live device which was mapped to that parameter via live.remote~.
    Fixed a problem with the Max for Live engine, which would cause Live to 
freeze when setting an audio buffer size smaller than 21 samples.
    Fixed a graphical glitch in the Session- / Arrangement View amoeba after 
toggling views (mixer, crossfader, etc.). 
    Fixed a problem with the Windows installer which could lead to an incomplete 
installation on some computers. Symptom: The Live application would not launch 
at all and an error message "The application has failed to start due to a side-
by-side configuration error" would be shown instead.
    Under certain conditions, the playback position in audio clips was incorrect 
after changing clip start markers in unwarped clips and then re-enabling 'warp'. 
    Fixed a bug which prevented some VST plugins stored in the OS X system 
library folder to show up in Live's browser.



System requirements

Windows: 2 GHz Pentium® 4 or Celeron® compatible CPU or faster (multicore CPU 
recommended), 2 GB RAM (4 GB recommended on Windows Vista and Windows 7), 
Windows XP (home or Pro), Windows Vista or Windows 7, sound card (ASIO driver 
support recommended), DVD-ROM drive, QuickTime recommended

INSTALLATION:

     • Next unrar files. 
       If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports 
       rar files such as Winrar.

     • Click on extract and then run the setup to install.

     • Go to crack folder and copy the crack to the installation dir by default* 
c/program files/Ableton/program paste replacing the original.

     *Note - At the beguining of the installation, if the instaler gives the 
installation folder in C/program files/common files i recomend that you change 
to c/program files/

     • Now click on the Authorizelive8 file.

           • That's it! Done.

                     3Nj0Y!!!