The torrent contains the following books:

Aerothermodynamics of Aircraft Engine Components - Gordon C. Oates

Aerothermodynamics of Gas Turbine and Rocket Propulsion - Gordon C. Oates

Aircraft Design (A Conceptual Approach) - Daniel P. Raymer

Aircraft Engine Design - Jack D. Mattingly, William H. Heiser, David T. Pratt

Aircraft Landing Gear Design (Principles and Practices) - Norman S. Currey

Aircraft Propulsion Systems Technology and Design - Gordon C. Oates

Analytical Mechanics of Space Systems - Hanspeter Schaub, John L. Junkins

Applied Mathematics in Integrated Navigation Systems - Robert M. Rogers

Avanced Dynamics - Shuh Jing (Benjamin) Ying

Basic MATLAB, Simulink, and Stateflow - Richard Colgren

Composite Materials for Aircraft Structures - Alan Baker, Stuart Dutton, Donald Kelly

Dynamics Control and Flying Qualities of VSTOL Aircraft - James A. Franklin

Elements Of Propulsion (Gas Turbines and Rockets) - Jack D. Mattingly, Hans Von Ohain

Elements of Spacecraft Design - Charles D. Brown

Flight Testing of Fixed Wing Aircraft - Ralph D. Kimberlin

Hypersonic Aerothermodynamics - John J. Bertin

Hypersonic Airbreathing Propulsion - William H. Heiser, David T. Pratt

Introduction to Aeronautics (A Design Perspective) - Steven A. Brandt, Randall J. 
Stiles

Missile Aerodynamics - Jack N. Nielsen

Modeling and Simulation of Aerospace Vehicle Dynamics - Peter H. Zipfel

Orbital Mechanics - Vladimir A. Chobotov

Performance Stability Dynamics and Control of Airplanes - Bandu N. Pamadi

Space Vehicle Design - Michael D. Griffin, James R. French

Tactical Missile Design - Eugene L. Fleeman

The Fundamentals of Aircraft Combat Survivability Analysis and Design - Robert E. 
Ball

The collection is far from complete. But it remains the biggest I've come across so far. In case any of you have other books in this series not included in this torrent, please let me know the download link, so that I can update the torrent as well. 