So, what makes Focus Photoeditor different from any other software?

Here are just a few selection of amazing characteristics of Focus Photoeditor:

Full compatibility with Windows 7.The only Photo Editing Program on the market to support all versions of Windows (from Win98 to Win7 in both 32bits and 64 bits modes). Loads blazingly fast, Won’t eat up memory.

More than 150 camera models supported and dozens of graphic formats

RAW formats are updated to the latest models. Unlimited free updates

Save and Export files previewing and optimizing size for all formats

Compatible with the PSD Photoshop File Format

Quick Fix Wizard - To fix all the most common photo problems in a single step.

The Best Set of Automatic Photo Corrections you could ask for

Auto Contrast, Auto Colors, Auto White Balance

Great Control over Dynamic Range with Smart Flash, Reduce Highlights, Dynamic Range Improver

Full Arsenal of Exposure and Color Corrections

Professional RGB Curves Correction to achieve tone changes precisely

Hue - Saturation Control - Selective Color - Replace and Calibrate Colors

Remove Chroma, Luminance Noise and any kind of digital noise

Top-Notch Unsharp-Mask Filter to render the sharpest and cleanest picture details

Easy to use Batch Processor with ability to undo the changes applied to some or all the pictures

Layers: both Image and Text with many option to customize and to organize

Selections - A Big Variety of ways of selecting pixels, including free-lasso tool and Magic Wand

Drawing, Painting, Retouching. Great control over precise editing.

Be creative by painting with the Pressure Sensitive Graphic Tablet Support 

Create elaborate decorations with Textures, Patterns and Gradients (up to 256 colors and in a multitude of shapes)

Unlimited possibilities with hundreds of Built-in Filters and thousands of parameters to experiment with

and there is even more:

Effective Anti-RedEye retouch tool. Get rid of this annoying problem very quickly.

Clone tool to remove unwanted details or duplicate existing ones.

Lighten / darken details, improve sharpness, increase saturation by painting over your photo!

Easy-to-use picture browser: lets you rotate, make backup copies, copy & paste, print picture files in a sheet.

Have access to thousands free and commercial Filters with the Photoshop Plugins Support

Save and Reload your Photo Projects

Share your photos with the web album builder

Enjoy all the rich editing tools found in more expensive software

And other ones that you can't get elsewhere!

Focus Photoeditor is comparable to software used by the world’s most successful professional photographers, but even without any prior experience using photo editing software, even if you’re a complete novice, you can use the powerful photo wizard functions to enhance your digital photos instantly.

You wouldn’t believe the difference if you hadn’t seen it happen right before your eyes. You’ll see even photos you thought looked “pretty good” being enhanced and improved to jaw-dropping vibrancy. 

Install:
========
1. Run Setup
2. Use Lz0 Keymaker to generate key
3. Say Thanks