Artist: Julie Lamontagne
Artist: Julie Lamontagne
Album: Opus Jazz
Release: 2012
Publisher: Justin Time Records
Genre: Jazz, Instrumental, Piano, Solo, Classical

Total play time: 52:49
Total tracks: 11

Digital package
Format: mp3
Bitrate: 128 kbps CBR
Source: webrip
Audio quality: excellent
Other files: nfo, front cover jpg(s)

Track listing

01 L'éveil (5:52)
02 Waltz For Fred (3:08)
03 Prélude Lac d'argent (5:30)
04 Chopinerie (6:16)
05 Prélude romantique (5:52)
06 Rachmania (5:21)
07 L'hymne de Mr. H. (6:48)
08 Trilogie colorée Doré (2:40)
09 Trilogie colorée Violet (3:34)
10 Trilogie colorée Jaune (3:07)
11 L'aria de la défunte (4:36)


www.justin-time.com

Julie’s latest album finds her alone with her piano, revisiting favourite pieces from the classical music repertoire. In a selection ranging from Rachmaninoff and Debussy to Bach, Ravel, Chopin, Handel, Brahms, Fauré and André Mathieu, Julie achieves musical cohesion between her current jazz environment and the classical world of her youth. 

Reflecting her intensity, drive and undeniable creativity, these arrangements (sometimes surprising but always sweet) reveal true depth and amazing dexterity. 

Born of her wide and varied musical knowledge, this third album represents another step on the road to success for this already highly accomplished musician. It provides definitive proof that she is one of the most brilliant pianists in Québec today, one whom reviewers already see as a member of Québec’s jazz elite.


Profile
Julie Lamontagne

Winner of an OPUS Prize and ADISQ 2010 nominee for her jazz album 'Now What’, pianist, keyboardist, composer, arranger and musical director Julie Lamontagne has followed a fascinating career path and gained an exceptional amount of experience along the way.

Possessing a solid classical background, and winner of numerous awards, (including a First Prize at the prestigious Canadian Music Competition at the age of thirteen), she decided early on to explore other musical styles. After studying with Lorraine Desmarais, André White and Jan Jarcyk in Montréal, she pursued her studies in New York City during several years with the outstanding educator Garry Dial and the excellent jazz pianist Fred Hersch. Recently, she decided to return to school, enrolling at Boston’s prestigious Berklee School of Music to broaden her knowledge of drum programming and film scoring.

Proud leader of a jazz trio, she has built on the success of both her 2005 debut album 'Facing the Truth' and her second album 'Now What' (released in 2009 and recorded in quartet formation with New York City sax man Donny McCaslin). Now Julie is back with a vengeance with a third album entitled 'Opus Jazz,' which will be released in Canada on January 31st, 2012. Here, alone with her piano, she revisits a selection of pieces from the classical music repertoire. 

Regularly taking on a wide variety of projects, she is well-known for her work as bandleader and keyboardist for numerous artists such as Isabelle Boulay, Bruno Pelletier, Nicole Martin, Marie-Elaine Thibert, Natasha St-Pier, Dan Bigras, Térez Montcalm, Nanette Workman, and Gildor Roy, among others. She was the official pianist for Monique Giroux’s daily radio program on Espace Musique (Radio-Canada), as well as bandleader for the annual St-Jean Baptiste Day concert on Québec City’s Plains of Abraham ( 2009 and 2010 editions ). 

Julie has definitely achieved lasting recognition on the Québec arts scene. With her unconditional love of jazz and her extraordinary drive, pianist Julie Lamontagne invites us to discover the unique world she has created. 

www.julielamontagne.com
