

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 75 - Mike Hoggard - Prophets Of The New Order



POtHS Comment: Are YOU Ready for whats coming???

Description:
Michael W. Hoggard is the author of ΓÇ£The King James CodeΓÇ¥ and serves as senior pastor of Bethel Church located in Festus, Missouri. He is the founder and director of Prophetic Research Ministries.  He has spent several years researching the Scriptures and has discovered several biblical principles for understanding the Word of God as a prophetic voice. He is the host of two, weekly internet broadcasts, The Watchman Video Broadcast, and the Watchman Pure Bible study which can be found at www.watchmanbroadcast.com.

In his braodcasts, Mike Hoggard analyzes modern events within the prophetic words of scripture.  He discloses many problems occurring today within the church, government, nations, and society as he relates them within the biblical context.  He uncovers many of the evils perpetrated today thru manipulations, hidden occult practices, and agendas.  The included videos cover a wide range of topics dealing with Bible Prophecy, modern events, hidden meanings, secret societies, and etc.  Recommended viewing for any Christian wanting to learn more about the state of the world as it pertains to scripture and prophecies.

Pastor Mike's sureYnot.com channels have the current broadcasts posted:

Video http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/videos
Audio http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/audio

All other broadcast sites and channels are being updated as quickly as possible.
Thank you for your patience.
Visit Pastor Mike's New Video Channels and Websites!
WatchmanVideoBroadcast.com ╟Ç Video Channel:


Included files:
Prophets of The New Order
666 Revelation 666
Bilderberg - The True Story
Glenn Beck Kingdom Theology and the Temple of the Antichrist
Serpent Worship Rick Perry Joels Army Borrower is Servant to the Lender
Truth behind Sarah Palin Glenn Beck Lincoln Memorial a Temple of AntiChrist
The New Age Rick Warren Glenn Beck Crowley and the Great Falling Away





This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

