THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Birds of Steel NTSC XBOX360-COMPLEX

Birds of Steel is a combat simulator featuring some of the most pivotal air battles of World 
War II, including the battle of Midway, Guadalcanal, Coral Sea, the historic attack on Pearl 
Harbour, the Mediterranean Maltese island and more. Birds of Steel offers 20 historical and 
a wealth of fictitious missions, spanning eight world famous campaigns, and users are given
access to over 100 famous planes from the entire axis and allied forces rosters. A number 
of planes ideal for each campaign can be selected, and have been faithfully recreated in 
terms of handling, capabilities and weaponry. The classic Spitfire, P-51D Mustangs, and 
Messerschmidt 109 are all lined up for combat, as players opt to player opt to fight for 
the Allies, Japanese or Axis forces. Birds of Steel also enjoys a huge online element. 
Players can support co-op missions alongside friends, or enter massive multi-player 
online dogfights to see who owns the skies.

Features:

Over 100 real life planes - Dog fight and dive bomb in actual WW2 planes and rain down terror 
from above. Determine for yourself which plane is the ultimate bird of prey.

Navigate through hundreds missions - Embark on 20 historical missions, hundreds of procedural 
missions scattered throughout 16 different locations. All are inspired by real life campaigns 
such as Pearl Harbor, Guadalcanal and the battle of Wake Island. Reality is reflected using 
real life maps and actual satellite photos of these areas.

Pioneering online and multi-player modes for flight sims - Enjoy 4 player co-op or go into the 
new and unique online war mode to compete against up to 16 aviators across world.

Key innovations - In every single warplane you will experience the unique details of the physics 
and damage models. Master your dogfights during heavy wind and rain. Each plane has over 100 
hitpoints where each part of the plane has its own health and damage detection.

Fun for all gamers - Multiple levels of realism offer a gameplay experience for gamers of all 
walks: Simplified, Realistic up to Simulator for the serious flight-sim aficionados.

Platform: XBOX360 
Region: NTSC/U & NTSC/J
Format: XGD3
Size: 1 DVD 
Genre: Simulator 
Languages: English 

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-0769_4F60548D.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-9A53_4F60548D.jpg