System requirements:

version OS X: 10.6.7 or older
Intel Core 2 Duo or better
Memory: 2Gb
Video Memory:256

Version: 10.0

Description: The new Final Cut Studio over a hundred new features and innovative technology for the film, so that you can work faster, collaborate more efficiently and achieve superior results.


Rebuilt from the ground up to meet the needs of today’s creative editors, Final Cut Pro breaks free from the restrictions of old-fashioned timeline tracks. A new, dynamic editing interface lets you experiment freely while working with extraordinary speed and precision.

Magnetic Timeline
 Suddenly, everything falls into place.
 With a visual simplicity that reveals powerful professional tools just when you need them, the Magnetic Timeline in Final Cut Pro offers an exceptionally fluid, flexible way to edit. Assemble shots with ease as clips “magnetically” close up to eliminate unwanted black gaps in the timeline. Similarly, clips move out of the way to avoid clip collisions and sync problems, so you can focus on creating your story. Interactive animations show you exactly what’s happening in the timeline as you work, so you can easily try out new ideas.

Clip Connections
 Keep it together.
 Clip Connections are an easy way to place clips such as B-roll, sound effects, and music in the timeline so that they all move together as you make changes — even in the most complex projects. Final Cut Pro automatically creates a Clip Connection when you drag a secondary element to the timeline.

Compound Clips
 Say goodbye to timeline clutter.
 With Compound Clips, you can group a complex set of elements and collapse them into a single clip. This removes clutter from the timeline and creates a simplified version of the segment that’s easy to move or duplicate. Reuse a Compound Clip in other projects — for example, for a unique sound design with layered sound effects. Or use a Compound Clip to add an effect to multiple shots with a click. Step into a Compound Clip or expand it at any time to make changes to individual elements.

Inline Precision Editor
 Perfect the pacing.
 Right in the timeline.
 The Magnetic Timeline improves on traditional ways of trimming, including ripple, roll, slip, and slide edits. If you need additional control, double-click an edit to open the Precision Editor and make trims directly in the timeline. The Precision Editor expands your view of the edit point so you can see both used and unused portions of your clips. Then skim entire clips and adjust edit points with a click.

Auditions
 It’s never been easier to
 choose the perfect shot.
 With the unique Auditions feature, you can collect multiple alternative shots at a single location in the timeline and quickly cycle through them in context. Test different B-roll shots, different reads of the same lines, different color grades for the same shot, or different effects. Or use Auditions to create multiple versions of your project for different deliverables and venues. It’s easy to create an Audition — simply drag shots of any length to the same place in the timeline and choose “Add to Audition.” As you try out different shots, the Magnetic Timeline keeps everything in sync.