 A project over eleven years in the making, Cortex Command has rich 2D
  pixel graphics coupled with an extremely detailed physics engine, which
  allows for highly replayable and emergent real-time action. There is also
  a turn-based strategic campaign mode which ties the tactical fights
  together, featuring persistent terrains that will accumulate the battle
  scars, debris, and bunker ruins through your entire campaign.
 
 
  Choose from several unique technology factions, each featuring their own
  sets of expendable soldier bodies, mechas, weapons, tools, and landing
  craft. Protect your brain, mine the gold, and destroy the enemy cortex in
  his bunker complex!
 
 
 
   Features:
   ~~~~~~~~~
   * Fully destructible environments - The gold you need to excavate is
     sprinkled throughout the terrain of each scene. Use special digging
     tools to blast your way into the dirt and debris. All the pieces of
     bodies and ships from your struggles will fall to the ground and
     permanently add to the battlefield. Get more powerful (and expensive)
     diggers and you can even tunnel into your enemies' bunkers from below!
   * In-game buying menu - At any time and place during the game, bring up
     a powerful menu to order new bodies and equipment, all delivered at
     the location and by the transport ship of your choosing. Rockets are
     cheaper but unreliable and harder to land. Drop ships are far more
     expensive but can quickly deploy entire groups of puppets onto
     difficult terrain. Ships and equipment returned to the TradeStar are
     refunded to your account.
   * Build your own bunker - At the start of most missions, you are able to
     take your time and build your own command bunker from scratch. Easily
     design twisting tunnels and place doors, traps, and turrets to thwart
     your enemies' intrusions! Pre-deploy and equip bodies in and around
     your installation to prepare yourself for your objectives. Don't spend
     too much though, or you won't have enough funds left when the mission
     starts!
   * Four-player cooperative and/or versus multiplayer - Gather your
     friends and plug in those game controllers! Play skirmish or campaign
     missions with or against up to three of your buddies. 2 vs 2, 1 vs. 3,
     4 vs. the CPU - it's up to you! (rhyme intended). Flexible control
     settings allow you to use the keyboard, keyboard + mouse, or any
     generic game controller you can find and plug in.
   * Built-in editors and modding - Several in-game editors allow you to
     easily create your own stuff. The game's engine is built to make it
     very simple to modify and add your own content. Design your own
     missions, guys, ships, weapons, tools, bombs, and shields - and easily
     share them with your friends. Join and download some fantastic mods
     from the community at the Data Realms Fan Forums.
 
 
 
   Install
   ~~~~~~~
   1.) Unpack
   2.) Burn or mount
   3.) Play the game
 