    zombiRG Presents: Infection 
                                                                                                       Plot:
In a general hospital near bankruptcy, the reduced staff is working under a severe stress. During the emergency attendance to a burned patient with Dr. Uozumi (Masanobu Takashima) and two other nurses, Dr. Akiba (Kôichi Satô) and the nurse commit an error, injecting sodium chlorate and killing him. Dr. Uozumi convinces the team to forge the report to save their careers. Meanwhile, an ambulance leaves a patient in the emergency with a lethal infection. When the muscles and internal organs of the patient liquefy, Dr. Kiyoshi Akai (Shirô Sano) convinces his two colleagues to examine and research the virus, leading the employees of the night shift to a tragic end.

                                                                                                                                  Imdb Link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0418778/

                                                                                                  Technical:
                                                                                       Language:Japanese
                                                                           Subtitles: english hardsubbed
                                                                                          TRT:98 minutes
                                                                                             Genre: horror
                                                                                            Format: MKV
                                                                                           Size:300MB
                                                                                       seedboxed: yes
                                                        Downsized from mp4 format to minimkv
            come see us in irc on the efnet server at #zombiRG and keep watching for more zombiRG uploads!
                                              zombiRG thanks esoess and random for their support