From BBC Radio 4 Extra. Written by Ray Bradbury; Full-cast dramatisations.

1. The Ravine

A small town is plagued by a series of murders of women, committed by a psychopath known only as 'the Lonely One'. His favorite killing ground is the dark, mist-shrouded ravine that separates Lavinia and her friends from their homes after a night on the town.

2. Night Call, Collect

Decades after Armageddon on Earth, the last man left on the Mars colony receives a phone call - from himself.

3. The Veldt

A couple have a virtual holograph theater installed into their house to entertain their children, but the recreation of the African savannah they create, complete with lions, seems all too real.

4. There was an Old Woman

Following her unfortunate demise, Aunt Tildy's body is removed to the morgue. That's proper enough, except that Aunt Tildy isn't quite finished with it yet.

5. Kaleidoscope

The aftermath of a disaster in space. Can there be beauty in dying?

6. Dark They Were and Golden Eyed

Harry Bittering is resigned to the idea of living on Mars, until a nuclear war back on Earth strands the settlers. Is this the chance the Red Planet has been waiting for to take revenge for the destruction of its own people?

7. The Screaming Woman

Children playing in a field claim to hear the sound of a woman screaming from under the ground. Children make up the craziest things...

8. A Sound of Thunder

Time Safari, Inc. offers hunting enthusiasts the chance of a lifetime, the opportunity to travel back to the Cretaceous to bag the biggest trophy of all time - Tyrannosaurus Rex.

9. The Man

The captain of a first contact mission from Earth to a distant planet is indignant to discover upon his arrival that the natives apparently have a more important visitor to welcome.

10. The Wind

A man is obsessed with the idea that violent winds have a consciousness, and one in particular has been hunting him down across the globe.

11. The Fox and the Forest

Desperate to escape an inhuman war in the year 2155, a couple escape to 20th century Mexico, a virtual paradise compared to their world of disease bombs and widespread horror. The government, however, can't allow its citizens to get away so easily...

12. Here There Be Tygers

Deep space prospectors searching for planets to strip mine land on an idyllic world which seems to be eager and able to accommodate their every desire. However, if they insist upon raping the planet for its mineral wealth, that's another story...

13.The Happiness Machine

A home inventor builds a machine guaranteed to make everybody happy - everybody, that is, except for his wife.