Deep insights into human consciousness revealed by accounts of travel to other planets, moons, and stars 

• Includes interviews with 7 people who have had extra-planetary experiences, including astronaut Edgar Mitchell, Norma Milanovich, and Ingo Swann 

• Reveals the positive effects of these events on the interviewees’ lives, from cosmic consciousness and loss of fear of death to enhanced spiritual insights 

• Contextualizes these accounts with 19th- and 20th-century reports as well as alien-human encounters in ancient Sumerian, Vedic, Egyptian, Tibetan, and biblical records 

Since prehistoric times all cultures report encounters with strange beings and crafts from the sky as well as stories of extra-planetary experiences--that is, travel to other planets, moons, and stars. In the case of modern accounts, these benevolent alien-human interactions bear striking resemblance to one another, even among people with no knowledge of other alien-human claims. And all experiences marked a spiritual turning point in the person’s life, providing a loss of the fear of death, enhanced spiritual insights, a connection to cosmic consciousness, or increased motivation to be of service to humanity. 

Exploring fresh dimensions of ET contact and extra-planetary experience (XPE) using Harvard professor and researcher John Mack’s witnessing approach to paranormal incidents, Thomas Streicher interviews 7 renowned people who have experienced XPE--including astronaut Edgar Mitchell, Norma Milanovich, and Stanford-tested remote viewer Ingo Swann--and shares the positive spiritual effects of XPE on their lives. Placing their experiences in the context of historical accounts of alien-human encounters from ancient Sumerian, Vedic, Egyptian, Tibetan, Hopi, Dogon, and biblical records as well as 19th- and 20th-century testimonies from Orfeo Angelucci, Billy Meier, Elizabeth Klarer, and others, the author reveals the similarities of these experiences with those of his interviewees. Streicher shows these experiences are not contrived hallucinations but genuine transformative spiritual awakenings akin to near-death and out-of-body experiences.


This was supposed to be available to the public on April 15th 2012.

This should be free for all to read, it is crucial humanity comes to terms with who we are in the universe. 

All religions point to the same fact:  we were created.  

We did not evolve from apes, thats nonsense. 

Until humanity can come to grips with the reality that awaits them, we will not evolve to that higher sense of being.  

Unconditional Love for all is the first step towards finding your Truth.