Quilts of a Different Color 
by Irena Bluhm 
American Quilter's Society | April 2008  | ISBN-10: 1574329553 | 96 pages | PDF | 80.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Quilts-Different-Color-Irena-Bluhm/dp/1574329553

Quilt first, add color later! This remarkable process will have quilters making wholecloth quilts in an entirely new way. The vibrant and exquisite coloration of these quilts is stunning. Amazingly, it takes only simple tools and easily mastered techniques to achieve the same results for yourself. Everything needed for this colorful process is clearly explained. Start with plain cloth, free-motion quilt your designs, then color and shade the motifs and background areas for a breathtaking new look. You ll love the unique quilts you can make with Irena's guidance!
This is a beautiful book on a very simple concept. There are several projects to try out and an interesting section in the front about designing your own quilts. I have not yet ordered some of the color setting products, so have only been creating the designs and not coloring. You may be able to substitute other color fixers but I would suggest testing on very small samples and then washing them repeatedly to see what the results are. I really like this book! -J. Wharton

About the Author
An avid quilter who started sewing when she was five, Irena developed a passion for machine quilting in 2004. Now a representative for the Gammill Quilting Machine Company, this innovative longarm quilter teaches workshops and lectures nationally. She has designed pattern collections for Statler Stitcher, has been published in several quilting magazines, and has won numerous awards nationwide for her quilts.
Irena Bluhm is a longarm quilter since November 2004. She is teaching at all major venues nationwide, including American Quilter's Society shows and International Quilt Festival in Houston along with private workshops nationwide and overseas. Irena is internationally acclaimed award winning longarm quilter, instructor, author, and pattern designer.
With 18 years of garment making/design and 12 years of doing fine art for a hobby she applies her experience on to making quilts for exhibits exclusively. Irena is an author of eight books and a winner of 60 awards in national and international quilt competitions.
Some awards were won at the most prestigious quilt competitions nationwide: AQS show in Paducah and Nashville, IQF in Houston, Road to California, PIQF, MAQF, DNQF, MQS, MQX, HMQS, NQA, RMQF and Innovations, to name just a few. Irena started teaching just after a little over one year into longarm quilting. Her passion and enthusiasm for quilting is contagious. She loves and enjoys sharing her knowledge with others.

NOTE
I have assembled this PDF from someone else's scans. The quality is not as good as I would have liked it to be and the last few pages are missing. But that is all you can get at present. If anyone has a better copy, please share!