Sexy girl next door is bound hard for cock. Deep throated, pussy fucked, helpless and cumming! | Sarah Shevon | Matt Williams


Mp4 Only

Welcome back Sarah Shevon to Sexually Broken. Sarah is your very typical girl next door, except this girl loves bondage, orgasms and cock. The harder the better in all three cases.

 Severely bound with her ass out and throat available, Sarah finds herself in a tight bind. We are going to work Sarah over with some pain today. She is going to have to earn her orgasms. 

The first thing we do is turn her on sexually. Sarah's throat gets well used, a deep, rough throat fucking. The harder the skull fucking the wetter her pussy gets. The endorphins start pumping and Sarah is heading on the fast track to subspace. We pull out some brutal nipple clamps. We clamp her nipples and painfully pull them to rings in the floor. This severely limits movement, Sarah must be careful, very careful. 

We bring out the cane. Hard, swift strokes strike up and down her back of her legs and ass. Deep red marks instantly appear, Sarah screams from the pain. With every hit she jumps and her nipples suffer. We pull out a vibrator to tease, she wants to cum but we deny. We tease her to the limit, then jam a hard cock deep into her wet pussy. We fuck her hard and deep, each thrust bring pain to the nipples but closer to orgasm.

 We move from deep pussy fucking to deep throat fucking, back and forth never giving Sarah a chance to get on top of things. We overload her senses. In the end we vibrate her to several brutal orgasm and tighten up the bondage so she is partially suspended and cumming. She cums hard and often, there is nothing she can do, her body just cums and cums, her brain is along for the humiliation of it all...


Screens  
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_10sshevon2/SexuallyBroken-Sarah-Shevon-Matt-Williams-Sexy-girl-next-door-is-bound-hard-for-cock-Deep-throated-pussy-fucked-helpless-and-cumming.php


9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

		