It's time to completely fix your slow PC!
Advanced SystemCare Free (formerly Advanced WindowsCare Personal) has a one-click approach to help protect, repair, clean, and optimize your PC. With over 100 MILLION downloads since 2006, this fantastic, award-winning, free PC repair software is a "must-have" tool for your computer. 100% safe with no adware, spyware, or viruses; a PC maintenance program that's incredibly easy to use.

Why waste money on expensive "registry cleaners" to fix your PC when Advanced SystemCare Free will repair, tune, and maintain it for you ΓÇô for free!

Click here to download for free
Why Is Advanced SystemCare Free 5 Different ?

Provides a Complete Solution For PC Top Performance.
A simple registry cleaner cannot give you true performance boost. Advanced SystemCare Free 5 combines Registry clean, defrag, system tune-up, shortcut fix, privacy sweep, junk files clean, disk fix and optimization, and more, to guarantee your PC run like a new one.
Finds and Detects More Hidden Problems of Security and Performance.
With our innovative "DEEP SCAN" technology, Advanced SystemCare Free 5 has the highest detection rate in the industry and it is able to find the right root of your PC trouble.
Simpler and Easier to Use.
You do not need to be a professional or know much about computer. All you need to do is install it and a few clicks will make you enjoy the new PC feeling again.
Proven by More Users.
Advanced SystemCare is the NO.1 downloaded software in system utilities and has over 10 million users worldwide.
Key Benefits
[+] See all

Speeds up PC performance and internet access Enhanced
It Tunes up Windows by releasing the built-in power of your system. Dramatically improves both system and Internet performance by up to 400%.
Defends PC security with extra protection Enhanced
Detects and analyzes Windows security environment. Scans and removes spyware and adware using up-to-date definition files. Prevents spyware, hackers and hijackers from installing malicious programs on your computer. Erases and updates your PC's activity histories.
One click to solve as many as 10 common PC problems Enhanced
Advanced SystemCare 5 inherits the ease-of-use from previous versions, with more powerful capabilities. With one click, it scans and repairs ten PC problems and protects your PC from hidden security threats.
Real-time optimization with ActiveBoost function New!
ActiveBoost, technology that actively runs in the background intelligently managing system resources in real-time, constantly detecting inactive resources and optimizing CPU and RAM usage.