OMAC (Buddy Blank, the One-Man Army Corps) is a superhero comic book created in 1974 by Jack Kirby, and published by DC Comics.  The character was created towards the end of Kirby's contract with the publisher, following the cancellation of Kirby's New Gods, and was reportedly developed strictly due to Kirby needing to fill his contractual quota of 15 pages a week.  As envisioned by Kirby, OMAC is essentially Captain America set in the future, an idea Kirby had toyed with some years earlier while on staff at Marvel Comics, but had never realized.

Set in the near future ("The World That's Coming,") OMAC is a corporate nobody named Buddy Blank who is changed into the super-powered One-Man Army Corps (OMAC).  This miraculous change is made via a "computer-hormonal operation done by remote control" by an A.I. satellite called, Brother Eye.

Through interfacing with the Brother Eye satellite (via an invisible beam to his receiver belt) Buddy Blank is transformed into OMAC, and imbued with an array of superhuman abilities.  The base of these abilities involve density control of Blank's body:  an increase in density leads to superhuman strength and enhanced durability; while a decrease in density leads to the abilities of flight, and super-speed.  Brother Eye could provide other abilities as well, such as self-repairing functions, and energy generation.

OMAC works for the Global Peace Agency, a group of faceless people who police the entire world using pacifistic weapons.  The world balance is too dangerous for large armies, so OMAC is used as the GPAΓÇÖs main field enforcement agent.  The character initially becomes the Ares-like war machine to save a female coworker at the Pseudo-People factory (manufacturers of androids initially intended as companions, but later developed as assassins).  The coworker is revealed to be in actuality a bomb, and Blank is left in the employ of the GPA, sacrificing his identity in their relentless war, with faux parents his only consolation and companions.

The original OMAC series lasted for eight issues (October, 1974 - December, 1975,) and was cancelled before the last storyline was completed, with Kirby writing an abrupt ending to the series.

Enjoy, and please seed.
