Angry Birds Complete Collection (FIXED)


this fix is nothing but a superficial fix where at the end of installation it would crash saying setup/uninstall has stopped working or something like that. the games still install and run fine on the other torrent but understandably people like things perfect. so here it is.

the background has also been changed for easier readability


Angry Birds:



Use the unique powers of the Angry Birds to destroy the greedy pigs’ fortresses! The survival of the Angry Birds is at stake. Dish out revenge on the greedy pigs who stole their eggs. Use the unique powers of each bird to destroy the pigs’ fortresses. Angry Birds features challenging physics-based gameplay and hours of replay value. Each of the 300 levels requires logic, skill, and force to solve.


Angry Birds Seasons:



Angry Birds Seasons: Cherry Blossom Festival! Angry Birds Seasons takes the captivating gameplay of the original to a whole new level! From Halloween to Chinese New Year, the birds are celebrating different festive seasons around the world! With more than 260 levels and regular free updates, these special episodes offer more challenging levels of pig-popping action and golden eggs to discover.


Angry Birds Rio:



In Angry Birds Rio, the original Angry Birds are kidnapped and taken to the magical city of Rio de Janeiro, where they eventually escape their captors and set out to save their friends, Blu and Jewel – two rare macaws and the stars of the hit motion picture, Rio. Angry Birds Rio pairs the physics-based gameplay of the original game with unique twists based on the film.


Angry Birds Space:



After a giant claw kidnaps their eggs, the Angry Birds chase it into a wormhole and find themselves floating in a strange new galaxy – surrounded by space pigs! Luckily the Angry Birds have super powers of their own… Angry Birds Space features 60 interstellar levels on planets and in zero gravity, resulting in spectacular gameplay ranging from slow-motion puzzles to lightspeed destruction. With regular free updates, brand new birds, brand new superpowers, and a whole galaxy to explore, the sky is no longer the limit!