video -480p
language-japanese
subtitle-english
Alternative Titles
Synonyms: Shining Hearts: Bread of Happiness
Japanese: シャイニング・ハーツ 〜幸せのパン〜
Information
Type: TV
Episodes: Unknown
Status: Currently Airing
Aired: Apr 13, 2012 to ?
Producers: Production I.G
Genres: Action, Fantasy
Duration: 24 min. per episode
Rating: None
Synopsis
One day, a mysterious girl named Kaguya was washed ashore the island of Wyndaria after a great storm. She encounters Rick, a swordsman who wound up working at the island's bakery. Apparently, Kaguya is suffering from having lost her memories and emotions. In addition, the usually peaceful Wyndaria is now swarming with pirates who came seeking for the special spirit stone that is worn around Kaguya's neck. Knowing the situation, Rick and his co-workers, Nellis, Amyl, and Aerie decided to bring back peace to island and help Kaguya regain her lost memories and emotions. 
(Source: Wikipedia)
[color=purple]The story in BREAD: THE ANIMATION is about this guy called Rick. Everybody loves Rick because he has the best goddam BREAD in town. I'm not quite sure what it is he puts in his BREAD to make everyone so thrilled by it. Since everybody seems to be enraptured by the smell of them, so much so they can smell the bread from miles away, I'm going to assume the secret ingredient is petrol. That would also explain why the mental capacities of all the citizens in the town are damaged. The three girls who help him with that jaw dropping, drool inducing BREAD do not have the brain capacity between the three of them to outwit a hedgehog. They seem to only ever think about BREAD as well as how wonderful Rick is, mainly because he is the one with that delicious BREAD.[/color]
[color=purple][/color]
[color=purple]Not that the entire episode is of the main character and his three dimwitted lady friends carting his amazing BREAD around the town. Oh wait, yes it is! That's the entire fucking episode. OK, so at one point they go into the forest, but they're still delivering BREAD to everyone. They revitalise a wounded Precure plushy with some of Rick's revitalising BREAD. They get really angry when an elf insults Rick's awe-inspiring BREAD. Those girls got really pissy at that. They have been sampling large portions of Rick's BREAD all their lives, so they know its glories more than any stupid elf. Also there was some other wolf girl or something, who also wanted some of Rick's juicy BREAD, saying it's nowhere near as good as the BREAD from the other person in town.[/color]