Description

Edit PDFs, create interactive forms and tables of contents, and create PDFs directly from web sites easily with PDFpenPro! Add text, images and signatures, make corrections, fill out PDF forms, and even OCR scanned text.

Make changes and mark up PDFs

With PDFpenPro, you can add text, images and signature to your PDFs. You can even correct text in the original PDF. Use PDFpenProΓÇÖs tools to highlight, underline, or strikethrough text. Add comments and notes to share with others.

Remove private information with the redaction feature, new in PDFpenPro 5. Select the text you want to omit, and redact it with a black box or a blank space--either way, the text is removed from the document. Remove a word, phrase or social security number throughout a document with search-and-redact or search-and-remove.

Paperless Workflow

Reduce the amount of paper in your office. Scan documents directly into PDFpenPro and then use PDFpenProΓÇÖs OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the scanned text, so you can search, edit, and copy it.

Say goodbye to your fax machine! Instead of printing a contract to sign and mail back, you can add your signature to the PDF and email it.

Go mobile! Get PDFpen for iPad on the iTunes App Store, and edit your PDFs seamlessly on Mac or iPad, thanks to iCloud storage.

Easy to Use

In PDFpenProΓÇÖs Library, you can store frequently-used images, signatures and text so they are always at your fingertips when you want to add them to a PDF.

Drag-and-drop to rearrange pages or to combine pages from different PDFs. Deleting a page is as simple as selecting its thumbnail and pressing the Delete key.

Pro Features

In addition to all the features in PDFpen, PDFpenPro also includes:

- Create interactive PDF forms with text fields, check boxes, radio buttons, choice fields, and buttons to submit via the web or email
- Create PDFs from web sites and local HTML files, complete with internal links
- Create and edit tables of contents

Requirements: OS X 10.6.6 or later, 64-bit processor

What's New
Version 5.8.5:

OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion compatible
Fixes scanning on OS X 10.7 Lion
Fixes File -> New -> From HTMLΓÇª on OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
Fixes case where resampling at lower resolution can result in larger saved file
Other minor fixes and improvements