$1.29View on iTunes
  This app is designed for both iPhone and iPad.

Category: Games
Jan 05, 2012
Version: 1.8
53.1 MB
Seller: Jordan Schidlowsky

© 2010 Jordan Schidlowsky

LANGUAGES: English

REQUIREMENTS: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Requires iOS 3.1 or later
Super Stickman Golf
Description
To celebrate our newest course update we're having a sale! Super Stickman Golf is now 66% off the regular price!!! 

★★ MULTIPLAYER SUPPORT IS HERE! Play online or locally against your friends! ★★

★★ REVIEWS ★★

✔ "Super Stickman Golf is my new Angry Birds!" -MTV
✔ "One of the best platforming games on the iPhone" -Gamepro
✔ "A perfect 5-star rating. This is a near-flawless sequel" -Macworld
✔ "One of my favourite games!" -Toucharcade
✔ "Definitely a must grab title" -Appspy
✔ "My favorite game of all time for the iDevice" -iPhoneAlley
✔ "A smash hit physics-based puzzle game with a golf mechanic" -Appadvice
✔ "It’s still a complete blast!" -Tapscape
✔ "It's is a total winner. Once you play it you’ll be hooked." -Slapapp

★★ DESCRIPTION ★★

Super Stickman Golf is no ordinary game.. it's actually an award winning physics puzzler! Warning: Once you pick up this game, you may not be able to put it down. You will definitely never play "golf" the same again..

Ever wanted to freeze those pesky water hazards? Ever wanted to stick your shots on walls and ceilings? Ever wanted to stop your shot in mid-air? Well now you can… Super Stickman Golf brings to you… the super clubs. 


★★ FEATURES ★★

✔ 6 unlockable super clubs! Each super club has a unique ability to make your round a little easier.
✔ Game Center Leaderboards. Join the Stick Golf world tour and see where you stack up.
✔ 261 unique holes, including all the classic courses from Stick Golf 1 plus new 'super' courses.
✔ Retina Display. HD graphics for sweetness that is the high resolution retina display.
✔ Game Center Achievements. Tune up you game with our crazy achievements.
✔ Universal app. Play on any iDevice!
✔ New obstacles. Conveyor belts anyone??
✔ Complete 8-bit chiptune game soundtrack!
✔ Local and online multiplayer!


