Philosophy, Religion, and the Meaning of Life


Taught By Professor Francis J. Ambrosio, Ph.D.

Georgetown University



What is the meaning of life? Is human existence meaningful or absurd? Is it even worth asking this kind of question? Anyone who has ever pondered these fundamental questions has an extraordinary adventure in store.

In 36 inspiring lectures, award-winning Professor of Philosophy Francis J. Ambrosio fields the biggest of the "big" questions, in a boldly revealing inquiry into one of the most fundamental of all human concerns.

Philosophy, Religion, and the Meaning of Life charts how the question of life's meaning has been pursued through the ages, highlighting the Western philosophical and religious paths in the human search for meaningful living.

Embracing a wide range of perspectives, Professor Ambrosio demonstrates that whether we are philosophically inclined or not, religious or atheistic, cynic or optimist, the question of life's meaning is shared universally by human beings, as an essential dynamic of human existence itself.

In revealing the ways in which our civilization has grasped the question of meaning and by proposing a specific type of purposeful inquiry, these lectures provide you with the tools to come to terms with the question in a direct, practical way. Philosophy, Religion, and the Meaning of Life delivers a clear and useable framework for both understanding the history of the human path to meaning and for navigating that path as an individual, personal concern.



Course Lecture Titles
36 Lectures 
30 minutes / lecture
1.	Meaning—A Question and a Commitment
2.	Hero and Saint—Mapping the Cultural Genome
3.	The Heroic Age—The Greek Worldview
4.	Heroism and the Tragic View of Life
5.	Plato—Politics, Justice, and Philosophy
6.	Plato's Republic—The Hero's Reward
7.	The Heroic Ideal in Late Stoicism
8.	"In the Beginning"—The Hebrew Worldview
9.	Father Abraham, the First Saint
10.	Saintly Types in the Hebrew Bible
11.	Jesus as Saintly Innovator—Forgiving Love
12.	Hero or Saint? Saul of Tarsus
13.	Hero or Saint? Augustine of Hippo
14.	Mohammed—The Prophet as Saintly Innovator
15.	Saint Francis and Dante—Saintly Troubadours
16.	The Agony and Ecstasy of Michelangelo
17.	Enlightenment Patterns of Cultural Mutation
18.	Mt. Moriah Revisited—Saintly Transgression
19.	A History of Suspicion—Marx, Darwin, Freud
20.	Nietzsche—The Return of the Tragic Hero
21.	Dostoevsky—The Return of the Saint
22.	A Century of Trauma
23.	The Quantum Leap
24.	Existentialism—Sartre and de Beauvoir
25.	Camus and the Absurd Hero
26.	Flannery O'Connor and the Mystery of Grace
27.	The Holocaust and the Crisis of Forgiveness
28.	Faulkner and Beckett—Images of the Forlorn
29.	Viktor Frankl—Freedom's Search for Meaning
30.	Simone Weil—Imagining the Secular Saint
31.	Simone Weil—A New Augustine?
32.	Identifying the Secular Saint
33.	The Secular Saint at the Movies
34.	Ernest Becker—The Denial of Death
35.	Terror and Hope in a Planetary Age
36.	The Secular Saint—Learning to Walk Upright


  
http://www.teach12.com/ttcx/coursedesclong2.aspx?cid=4610	