Start your engines and head to Altenrhein. This is a completely new development, which has been created with 3dsmax and shows the airport of Altenrhein with all its buildings, facilities and additional night lighting. All building`s textures have been created on the basis of more than 2000 images. 



There are countless objects such as taxiway- and runway signs, position lights, approach lights, ILS facilities, and hangar signs, which all have been created in 3D. Using the NAV1 frequency you can even control the gate between the southern and northern maintenance areas. The ground textures have a resolution of 25cm/pixel and have been adapted to match the colors of Switzerland Professional X and Flight Simulator X. The famous AESLite tool of Oliver Pabst animates the AI-Traffic and provides traffic with moving vehicles.

History:

The airport of St. Gallen Altenrhein has a long and interesting history. In the strict sense, it goes back to 1926, when Claude Dornier decided to build up his aircraft manufacturing company at this location. For almost 30 years, the airport was contempt with only a 600m long grass runway before the Swiss federation started to use this airport for the Air Force – though only for maintenance. With this decision, a new 1200m long asphalt runway was built. The maintenance of the hunter fleet then required a lengthening of the runway to 1500m which has been completed in 1979. 

As the contract for the hunter maintenance expired 1993 Altenrhein needed to invest in the civil aviation. This has been done by multiple expansions including a new terminal, new maintenance buildings and wider taxiways. Due to differing opinions the airport decided to cancel the cooperation with AUA and start services to Vienna with an own airline. As of March 2011 the People’s Vienna Line is in the air with a twice daily service to Vienna.


Highlights:

Highly detailed airport scenery of St. Gallen-Altenrhein, optimized for FSX 
Realistic night effects 
Complete 3D-models with high resolution photo textures 
Very accurate buildings with a lot of details 
Static Embraer 170 with «People`s Vienna Line» livery 
Car traffic around the airport 
AESLite for AI-Traffic and airport ground traffic 
Trees around the airport with seasonal textures 
Distinctive buildings in the surrounding area like Stadler-Rail or Altenrhein-Park 
Charts to print: ILS, SID, STAR, VFR und Ground 
Perfectly embedded into Switzerland Professional X 
Enhanced Autogen in the airport’s area 
Compatible with Switzerland Professional X, Ultimate Terrain X and FS Global 2010