   With BPA in baby bottles, mercury in fish, and lead in computer           
   monitors, the world has become a toxic place. But as Emily Monosson       
   demonstrates in her groundbreaking new book, it has always been toxic.    
   When oxygen first developed in Earth's atmosphere, it threatened the      
   very existence of life: now we literally can't live without it.           
   According to Monosson, examining how life adapted to such early threats   
   can teach us a great deal about today's (and tomorrow's) most dangerous   
   contaminants. While the study of evolution has advanced many other        
   sciences, from conservation biology to medicine, the field of             
   toxicology has yet to embrace this critical approach. In Evolution in a   
   Toxic World, Monosson seeks to change that. She traces the development    
   of life's defense systemsthe mechanisms that transform, excrete, and      
   stow away potentially harmful chemicalsfrom more than three billion       
   years ago to today. Beginning with our earliest ancestors' response to    
   ultraviolet radiation, Monosson explores the evolution of chemical        
   defenses such as antioxidants, metal binding proteins, detoxification,    
   and cell death. As we alter the world's chemistry, these defenses often   
   become overwhelmed faster than our bodies can adapt. But studying how     
   our complex internal defense network currently operates, and how it       
   came to be that way, may allow us to predict how it will react to novel   
   and existing chemicals. This understanding could lead to not only         
   better management and preventative measures, but possibly treatment of    
   current diseases. Development of that knowledge starts with this          
   pioneering book.                                                          

  +-[ ALEXANDRIA ]----------------------------------------------------------+
  : The Royal Library of Alexandria, or Ancient Library of Alexandria, in   :
  : Alexandria, Egypt, was the largest and most significant great library   :
  : of the ancient world. It flourished under the patronage of the          :
  : Ptolemaic dynasty and functioned as a major center of scholarship from  :
  : its construction in the 3rd century BC until the Roman conquest of      :
  : Egypt in 30 BC. The library was conceived and opened either during the  :
  : reign of Ptolemy I Soter (323-283 BC) or during the reign of his son    :
  : Ptolemy II (283-246 BC).                                               /:
  +-----------------------------------------------------------------:_/--/:+  
    "With knowledge, comes wisdom - and wisdom should be shared."       /
