Auslogics File Recovery v3.4.0.5
 
High quality all-in-one file recovery software. From a trusted company and continuously improved by industryΓÇÖs best.
 Recovers deleted files and lost partitions, quickly and easily.
 File recovery of all file types
 Supports all file systems, hard drives and memory cards
 Quick and easy file recovery with the Recovery Wizard
 Recommended by industryΓÇÖs leading software distributers
 Works with Windows 7, Vista and XP
 
Recovery Wizard for Quick Results
 The Recovery Wizard helps you minimize the file recovery time when working with deleted files. The Recovery Wizard allows you to select the drives you want to scan, specify the file types, when last modified, specify a date range or just recover a deleted file by name.
 
Deep Scan for Tough Recoveries
 DidnΓÇÖt try to recover your deleted files immediately, or did you quick-format your storage device already? The Deep Scan lets you dive deep into your file system to recover the deleted files you thought were lost for good.
 

Advanced Filter to Sort Scan Results
 You donΓÇÖt need to go through hundreds of deleted files to find the file(s) you want to recover. An advanced built-in Filter will help you sort the deleted files quickly and easily. Filter by date, size, file type or a combination of these options. Recovering deleted files is that easy!
 
Preview Files when File Names are Unclear
 Sometimes deleted files lose their original file name after being deleted. The Preview option lets you preview photos, videos, documents and PDF files right from the program. Just browse through the list of deleted files you find and start recovering the deleted files you want back
 
All Auslogics File Recovery Features
 
Retrieve all file types
 Works with Windows 7, Vista and XP
 Recover deleted files from all storage devices
 Supports all major file systems

 Recovery Wizard for quick results
 Advanced Filter to sort deleted files
 Deep Scan that allows to scan cluster by cluster
 Option to preview before retrieving deleted files
 Recovers files deleted using Shift+Delete

 
Save deleted files on any accessible drive
 Sort deleted files by name, date, size or file type
 Identify and retrieve deleted files based on their unique signature
 View deleted files based on their original file and folder structure
 Recover files from formatted partitions, even after reinstalling Windows

 Recover deleted files from SATA, SCSI and IDE drives
 Recover deleted files from SD, XD and MMC memory cards
 Restore deleted files files from USB, FireWire Drives and iPods
 Restore deleted files files from FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS5, ExtFAT file systems
 


System Requirements:
 
Windows 7, Vista & XP
 Windows 2003 & Windows 2008
 32-bit and 64-bit compatible
 15 MB available hard disk space
 256 MB RAM
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 