 Windows 8 Codecs 1.1.9 + x64 Components | 13.7/17.3 MB


Windows 8 Codecs is an audio and video package for Windows 8. The installer will automatically remove most other popular codec releases from your computer before installing this concise yet comprehensive package. You won???t need to make any adjustments or tweaks to enjoy your media content immediately. Windows Media Player and Media Center will instantly recognize all your files as playable. It does not contain a media player and it does not associate file-types. With this package installed you will be able to use any media player, limited only by the players??? capabilities, to play all movies and video clips. Streaming video is supported in several formats in all popular web browsers. Users of the Windows 8 Codecs have the ability to choose what is installed and where to install it using the public redistributable. After installation you can select to remove specific portions without removing the entire package. You can also re-add the removed items at any time.

The installer will automatically remove most other popular codec releases from your computer before installing this concise yet comprehensive package. You won???t need to make any adjustments or tweaks to enjoy your media content immediately. Windows Media Player and Windows 7 Media Center will instantly recognize all your files as playable.

The Shark pack does:
1. Full color thumbnails including FLV???s and 10bit MKV???s (also allows users to select at what point by percentage to grab the thumbnail)
2. Enable the Preview Pane for ALL newly enabled filetypes such as MKV and FLV.
3. Explorer properties are displayed for non native filetypes such as MKV and FLV
4. Updated often ??? and has update notification builtin
5. Allow use of the PDVD12 decoders for 32bit LiveTV
6. Supports the use of Xbox360 as Extenders to playback MKV files
7. Allows singleclick setup of Bitstreamed Audio
8. Support playback of MOD audio files and M4A files containing ALAC
9. Supports playlist creation for use in Media Center
10. Allow users to Enable/Disable codecs installed on their system
11. Funtionality such as Win7DSFilterTweaker builtin.
12. Support ???Add to Windows Media Player List??? using rightclick on all files such as MKV.

The Windows 8 codecs supports 20 localizations. The default is English and the installer includes support for the following other languages; Arabic, Chinese Simplified/Traditional, Japanese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Polish, Swedish and Turkish. Languages can be added upon request.

changelog:
- update LAV filters .51.3+
- update DCbass Source 1.5.1
- update Mediainfo 7.60
- update Icaros 2.1.1