
                     Max Payne 3 v1.0.0.49 (c) Rockstar Games
   
        08/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Gameshield
              - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Shooter
   
                   Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                    ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß
 
  The award-winning Max Payne franchise put players in the role of Max Payne, a
  hard-boiled New York City detective with a penchant for violence, out to
  avenge the death of his family. The latest installment delivers more of the
  classic elements and hyper-intense action that fans have come to love, while
  moving the story of Max in a new direction.
 
  Since leaving the NYPD and New York itself behind, Max has drifted from bad
  to worse. Double-crossed and a long way from home, Max is now trapped in a
  city full of violence and bloodshed, using his weapons and instincts in a
  desperate search for the truth and a way out.
 
             ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
             ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß
 
  1. Unrar.
  2. Install the update. Previous updates are required.
  3. If you havn't already, copy over the "profiles" dir, found in the Crack
     dir to your DocumentsRockstar GamesSocial Club dir.
     (%USERPROFILE%DocumentsRockstar GamesSocial Club).
  4. Copy over the cracked content, ie. the rest of the files, from the Crack
     dir to your installation dir.
  5. Play the game offline. Make sure that all the games exe files are blocked
     from going online by using your system or third party firewall to prevent
     outgoing connections on every game exe file. Do this before starting the
     game. Going online and using your own profile might be possible, but it
     is at your own risk.
  6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
 