nERv

The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav *Proper Crack* (c) Daedalic

06/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom
- :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Adventure

Note:

SRs crack again has various issues. One that is easy to demonstrate and
quite noticable, is the general game performance.

Loading times on an example system, compared with our crack:
Load to menu with intro videos     = 47s vs 28s
Load to menu, intro videos skipped = 38s vs 19s
Load new game                      = 16s vs 10s

Other systems have similar results. But don't take our word for it.
Check it out yourself, and enjoy ;)

With a history of more than 25 years, The Dark Eye is one of Europe's
best-known role-playing brands. In addition to the popular pen & paper
adventures, TDE has also inspired a series of successful computer games.
The Dark Eye: Chains of Satinav immerses players deep in the world of
Aventuria, where they experience an amazing story and explore lands never
before featured in a TDE computer game.

In Andergast, whose inhabitants are considered to be notoriously
superstitious, King Efferdan awaits a state visit from high-ranking
dignitaries. For centuries the kingdom has been at odds with neighboring
Nostria, but now first steps are being undertaken toward a lasting peace.
But a plague of crows troubles the king, for the birds are acting with
unusual aggressiveness, even attacking humans. Moreover, there are those
among the citizens of Andergast who swear that the crows are bringing them
dark nightmares. As the belligerent creatures infiltrate even the castle
itself, the king seeks a skilled bird catcher - an opportunity for young
Geron to prove that the reputation for ill luck that has followed him
since childhood is undeserved. Following an audience with the king, the
prestigious task is assigned to him. However, not only does his task prove
unexpectedly difficult, but it also turns out to be the first step of the
greatest adventure of his life, which will lead him to the borders of the
charted lands of Aventuria and beyond.

1. Unrar this crackfix into the <install> dir of the game.
2. Play the game.
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!