Game Physics Engine Development(The Morgan Kaufmann Series in Interactive 3D Technology)[Team Nanban][TPB]

Ian Millington | English | 2007-03-21 | ISBN: 012369471X | 481 pages | PDF | 3.5 mb


DESCRIPTION:

Simulating physics helps cutting-edge games distinguish themselves by making virtual objects behave as we expect them to in the real world. Physics engines are the software programs that run these simulations. Building an engine is difficult, however. There are a large number of new developers (and hobbyists) coming into this market who need help through this complex process.

Current introductory books are inadequate; they don't bring enough real-world programming experience to the task. There is a need for an introductory book on game physics with solid coding guidance but which limits the math content. 

Ian Millington brings his extensive professional programming experience to this problem. He has developed games since 1987, has studied AI and mathematics at the PhD level, and founded Mindlathe Ltd., a company that designed and built commercial physics engines. 

Physics Engine Development carefully describes each step in the creation of a robust, usable physics engine. It introduces the mathematical concepts in a clear and simple manner, keeping to high school level topics and building a physics code library as it goes. Each new concept is explained in diagrams and code to make sure that even the most novice of game programmers understands. 

The companion CD-ROM includes the source code for a complete physics engine of commercial quality. This book will serve as a introduction to more mathematically advanced books on game physics, such as Dave Eberly's Game Physics.

- Uses only high school algebra

- Shows how to build a complete system based on professional principles

- CD-ROM with C++ source code for a full commercial-quality physics engine


PLZ SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING..

"SHARING IS CARING"

if u like my releases, then plz add +rep to me in this link.
  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=277915