Obama Will Not Win Re-election

How Did Obama Get Elected the First Time?

Barack Hussein Obama is a self-created myth, polished further by David Axelrod and a compliant media.  He is a chameleon who takes on whatever shape and form best suit his purposes and goals.  There is little substance behind the façade other than an Elmer Gantry style of politics.  He is completely malleable into whatever form and shape best serve his personal interests.

A few examples of this "flexibility" are the following:

    He changed his name when he believed it served him to do so.
    He is not a religious man, but he joined a Black Liberation Church to sell his bona fides to the black community in his early days in Chicago.
    He said that preacher Jeremiah Wright was like his father yet threw him under the bus when it became convenient (necessary).
    He claimed to have been born in Kenya in order to enhance book sales as a younger man.
    He likely lied on his applications to college to gain foreign student status.  At the time, that category provided more favorable admission and funding treatment     than afforded domestic blacks.
    He claimed to be a constitutional professor when he was neither a professor nor particularly well-versed in the Constitution.

Little was known about Obama when he entered the primary campaign.  He became little more than a complex Rorschach blot with a sanitized past carefully scrubbed and scripted.  His campaign avoided specifics; his speeches contained no substance.  The imagination of observers defined him.

His greatest asset was his "unknownness."  As a blank slate, voters imagined whatever they wanted in the next president.  They were aided by a clever marketing campaign which emphasized his uniqueness:

As a political "newbie" and the first serious African-American candidate, he played well.  He was an outsider who would clean up Washington.  For many, he was the great healer who would bring unity to Republicans and Democrats, blacks and whites and America and its enemies.  His Kumbayah campaign was hailed by the media, and a large, naive segment of the electorate believed it.

Read more: http://www.americanthinker.com/2012/05/obama_will_not_win_re-election.html#ixzz24Q
 
http://www.americanthinker.com/2012/07/obamas_passport_breach_unanswered_questions_and_an_unsolved_murder.html