Little Britain is a British character-based comedy sketch show which was first broadcast on BBC radio and then turned into a television show. It was written by comic duo David Walliams and Matt Lucas. The show's title is an amalgamation of the terms 'Little England' and 'Great Britain', and is also the name of a Victorian neighbourhood and modern street in London.[1]

The show comprises sketches involving exaggerated parodies of British people from all walks of life in various situations familiar to the British. These sketches are presented to the viewer together with narration in a manner which suggests that the programme is a guideΓÇöaimed at non-British peopleΓÇöto the ways of life of various classes of British society. Despite the narrator's description of great British institutions, the comedy is derived from the British audience's self-deprecating understanding of either themselves or people known to them.

An American continuation of the show, entitled Little Britain USA was broadcast in 2008. This series was shown on HBO in the US, HBO Canada in Canada, BBC One in the UK and on Network Ten in Australia, as well as various other television channels across the world.

Many of the characters on the show have their own often-repeated catchphrases, which have become well known in the United Kingdom, and the show has gained a mainstream following

Air date: 16 September 2003
Genres: Comedy, Family, Sketch Improv 

Format 	Sketch comedy
Created by 	David Walliams
Matt Lucas
Starring 	David Walliams
Matt Lucas
Tom Baker (narrator)
Country of origin 	United Kingdom
No. of series 	4
No. of episodes 	36 (List of episodes)
Production
Running time 	30 minutes
Production company(s) 	BBC
Broadcast
Original channel 	UK Series:
BBC Three (Series 1 & 2)
BBC One (Series 3)
Original run 	4 December 2003 ΓÇô 31 December 2006

Release Date----- 2012-08-31
Release Size----- 60Mb
Source----------- HDTV
Play Time-------- 00:29

Compressed MP4 is better for sharing!

Good video and audio quality
English audio

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster 

season 1 find it here: https://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7558982