Complete Spice Girls Live Concert In Istanbul 1997 - DVD Format Version


NOTE: This is NOT the Video Diary Version with just Nine Songs. This is the Complete Concert with All Fifteen Songs - (Concert Only).


Spice Girls: Girl Power Live Summary:
In 1997, when they were at the peak of their fame, the Spice Girls were a truly worldwide phenomenon, and anyone wanting proof need look no farther than this concert video, which finds them on-stage wowing fans at a show in Istanbul, Turkey. Baby, Scary, Sporty, Posh, and Ginger play all Fifteen of their hits for an enthusiastic audience, including (Wannabe), (Spice Up Your Life), (2 Become 1), and (Who Do You Think You Are), along with many other songs.


Song Included in the Complete Concert:
1) If You Can't Dance
2) Who Do You Think You Are
3) Something Kinda Funny
4) Saturday Night Divas
5) Say You'll Be There
6) Step To Me
7) Naked
8) 2 Become 1
9) Stop
10) Too Much
11) Spice Up Your Life
12) Love Thing
13) Mama
14) Move Over
15) Wannabe


(Video Format)
Duration: 1hr 17minutes (approx.)
Video Type: DVD (MPEG-2) Vobs (De-Interlaced Format)
Bitrate: 6869 kbit's
Resolution: 720x480
Frame rate: 29.97 fps
Aspect Ratio: NTSC 4:3
Subtitles: None
Source: VHS Tape (8 Yrs Old - Fair Shape)


(Audio Format)
Audio Language: English
Audio Format: Dolby Digital (AC-3)
Sample rate: 48kHz
Audio Bitrate: 192kb/s
Audio Channels: Stereo


This is the Complete Live Concert (DVD Version). Includes Animated title screen with audio and video special effects, along with chapters so you can go directly to any song you want to at any time.


This is for all you Spice Girl Fans. Here is the hard to find (Spice Girls - Complete Concert Live In Istanbul 1997) Video. This version has all fifteen songs. There is NO video diary in this version with just nine songs. I hope you enjoy it. I think this is the only Complete live concert on tape that I know about with all five members. (i.e Geri Halliwell) included in it.


( IMPORTANT ) - When you download this torrent keep seeding it for at least several weeks. Long term seeding is important even if you do not have high band width it can help allot to have 200 seeders who are all uploading at just 2 KBs.