	Host: George Noory
Guests: Irvin Baxter, Sonia Arrison  


Founder of End Time Ministries, Rev. Irvin Baxter, discussed biblical prophecy, and why he believes many signs are in place that were foretold in the Book of Revelation. "A war is coming that will kill 1/3 of mankind-- 2.3 billion human beings," he warned, adding that the Bible says that the war will start from the Euphrates River (which runs through Turkey, Syria, Iran, and Iraq, countries that currently have much tension). "I will be shocked if we don't see this war in 2013, but that's not a prediction, because I don't know," he declared. In the event of such a catastrophic war, the surviving populace might be willing to accept a microchip implant in the name of a security, Baxter noted, and this would likely be the prophesied "Mark of the Beast" (view related video clip).

Baxter believes that the Antichrist is alive now, and that he will eventually be possessed by Satan. He will then try to realize his ambition-- having everyone on Earth worship him through forcing them to pledge their allegiance to him or they won't be able to buy or sell-- "that's what the Mark of the Beast is all about," he said. Whoever is the Pope during the time of the Antichrist will be known as the "False Prophet," the last Pope, he continued.

During the time of the Antichrist, there'll be a one-world government, one-world religion, and one-world economy-- this "Master Plan of the Dragon" was launched 100 years ago with the start of the Federal Reserve, Baxter stated. He also spoke about how current events could be strong indicators of prophecy, such as turmoil in the Middle East, as well as his planned Jerusalem Prophecy College.

Extending Life Expectancy

First hour guest, author and technology analyst Sonia Arrison talked about the impact of extending human lifespans. Since 1850, humans have doubled their life expectancy, and with advances in such areas as gene therapy, stem cells, and personalized medicine, longevity will increase even further, she said. Not only will people be living longer, but they'll also be healthier, she commented, adding that the military is actually fueling some of the advances by funding studies in regenerative medicine to help wounded soldiers. Arrison is particularly excited about the prospect of tissue engineering, in which a persons' stem cells can be used to grow new organs or body parts. 