Munich to Augsburg



Developers : RailSimulator.com | Type of distribution : Add-Ons | Language : English | Year : 2012 | Compatibility : TS2012 7.1a or higher, TS2013 | Genre: Simulation | Release Date: 10 Oct 2012



About the Game
The Munich to Augsburg line is a fantastic German high-speed railway line for Train Simulator, complete with ICE 3 high-speed trains.

The 61-kilometer (38-mile) line between the two Bavarian cities of Munich and Augsburg was completed in 1840, and was soon nationalised as part of the Royal Bavarian State Railway. High speed upgrades began more than a century later, with the first 200km/h (124mph) section of the route opening in 1977. The fully-electrified Munich-Augsburg line is now one of GermanyΓÇÖs busiest lines, with around 300 trains per day using the route including trans-European services. The main line has four tracks, enabling ICE trains to run at high speed without interruption, with separate tracks for the S-Bahn services at the Munich end of the line.

The Munich-Augsburg route for Train Simulator is a highly-detailed recreation of the route complete with all the unmistakable stations and landmarks, and includes the ICE 3 high-speed train plus local trains.

Includes
61-kilometer/38-mile high-speed route from Munich to Augsburg, featuring the huge Munich Main Station complete with underground S-Bahn station.

Class 406 ICE 3M high speed electric train with functioning AFB, PZB90 and LZB

Class 101 electric locomotive with functioning AFB, PZB90 and LZB

Class 294 diesel locomotive with functioning PZB90

6 scenarios:

Wash and Go
Storming into Munich
Westbound Snowy Stopper
Pub Crawl to Munich
Freight Run to Pasing
Heightened Security

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2012
Set the selected files. Rwp via Package Manager.


Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"


Visit Us At:  
http://www.railgamer.co.uk/


More Torrents over at:     
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/


Like Us On Facebook:
Search "Rail Gamer"
To keep up to date on new releases