THROAT BOARDED! Hailey Young takes the most extreme deep throat fucking we have ever delivered! | Hailey Young | Matt Williams
            
October 31, 2012


MP4 only.  


Welcome the very beautiful Hailey Young to Sexually Broken. 
Hailey has that perfect runway model look. Tall, thin, long 
sexy legs, a perfect ass, and the most amazing face and smile 
to go with it.

Hailey finds herself bound on the floor leaning against an 
angled 6x6. She is hooded, legs spread and arms tied out. She 
has no idea about what is going to happen next. We start by 
taking her tiny nipples and sucking them brutally into a tube. 
Hailey cries out, the pain is intense as she feels her nipples 
stretch. Soon they will be 3 to 4 times larger then before. To 
help her forget about the pain we turn on the powerful 
vibrator that is locked directly on to her sensitive clit. 
Within seconds Hailey is close to cumming. We tease her a bit, 
then make her cum hard.

We remove the hood, Hailey is trying to catch her breath from 
the intense orgasm we just ripped out of her helpless body, 
but before she can adjust her eyes to the bright lights we jam 
a hard cock all the way down her tight little throat. We call 
it THROAT BOARDING (It's going to be a thing) it's when you 
have a head trapped up against a board, and you skull fuck the 
bejesus out of it. There is no place for the victim to go, 
they must suffer the full brunt of a deep throat fucking, a 
very scary but exciting feeling for sure.

Hailey takes an amazing deep rough face fucking. Amazing 
doesn't even scratch the surface of describing what she 
endured. The cock slides all the way down her helpless throat 
and stays. She has no way to get air, the cock blocks all 
attempts to breathe. We are ruthless and Hailey somehow 
endures. However at the same time the dildo that impales her 
with the vibrator locked onto her clit is making her cum at 
the same time. 

Unable to breathe from the throat fucking, Hailey finds that 
it makes her orgasm faster and harder. As she orgasms faster 
and harder. she finds she can't catch her breath, and that 
causes her to cum again. With the brutal skull fucking 
combined with the extreme breath play, Hailey is reduced to a 
sucking, cumming shell of a person, that is just deep in 
subspace that is on automatic survival mode. 

All she knows is cock deep down her throat, uncontrollable 
cumming, and no air to speak of. What is truly amazing about 
this scene is the endurance of Hailey. She never taps out, 
never safe words, she just takes it beyond what you think any 
human could take. It really is that amazing.

WARNING: This is an extreme deep throating scene. Watch at 
your own comfort level.

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_31hailey2/SexuallyBroken-Hailey-Young-Matt-Williams-THROAT-BOARDED-Hailey-Young-takes-the-most-extreem-deep-throat-fucking-we-have-ever-delivered.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

