Strict RestraintSR - Apr 29, 2008 - Harmony  + Pics


On her knees, Harmony is fondled and groped by Master Liam... His dual floggers work their way across her bare torso. As the pace of the floggers increase so does the volume of Harmony's moans. Liam turns his attentions to her tits as he places the suction cups upon them. Then, he presses the magic wand against her clit and Harmony cums for her Master...On her back, Harmony is restrained by the steel pipes to the table. Again, her bare flesh is subjected to a flogging. Her pussy lips are clamped and tied off and Harmony winces and screams as her Master works the violet wand across her body. Once again, Harmony cums explosively as her Master works her pussy with the vibe... Back on her knees, Harmony is bound in leather straps and finds herself now with two Masters. As The Pope grips her tits, Liam fingers her cunt. Then, as The Pope holds Harmony tightly by her hair, Master Liam flogs his slave some more as she dutifully thanks him. Switching off, now The Pope tries his hand at punishment as he works his floggers across Harmony's tits and torso. Harmony is then bent over so she can receive a spanking and then she is rolled over on her back. With her legs spread, Liam slides a huge glass dildo in her cunt while he vibes her clit and brings her off again. Next, our slave is belly down with her legs high and wide. Her mouth is filled and then Harmony is spanked with a leather strap and caned across her legs and feet. Liam then works her inner thighs over with his whip and Harmony cums ferociously as she grinds her cunt against her Master's wand... Up on her tippy toes, Harmony is now blindfolded with her hands overhead. After both Master Liam and The Pope give her a good quadruple flogging, Harmony is lifted of the ground by her cunt. Finally the G5 is pressed against her snatch and Harmony has one last orgasm before she is left in the Dungeon... 


Screens  http://www.strictrestraint.com/models/Harmony/index.html


Cheers  :-)