S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
WRC World Rally Championship 3 (c) Black Bean

11-10-2012......Release Date <-> Protection...........Solidshield
Racing.............Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

OFFICIAL LICENSE: Enjoy all the official contents from the 2012 FIA
World Rally Championship, including all the main teams, cars, locations
and a lot of exclusive contents, like the Rallye Monte-Carlo and
Volkswagen Polo R WRC test car!

IMPROVED GRAPHIC QUALITY: in WRC 3 all the graphic aspects have been
completely reworked to give the player the best experience in a Rally
Game. Thanks to the new Spikengine new lighting effects, shadows
particle effects will be featured in the game to offer the maximum
level of realism to each player. And pay attention to the new surfaces
and the weather conditions!

BRAND NEW CAREER MODE: the largest and funniest section of WRC 3. It is
a mix of racing gameplay and management elements where the player
customizes cars and team increasing the sense of "free" playability
mixing all with a common "narrative" thread an adventure around the
world! Career Mode also comes with brand new Challenges System in which
players will face different challenges based on hitting targets or
performing particular special manoeuvres!

REAL SOUNDS: the new engine allows a different management of in game
sounds and effects. All the cars have been live recorded also with on
board microphones to catch all the real effects heard by the drivers
For each country (EFIGS) a professional actor have been appointed to
perform pacenotes given by a real co-driver to guarantee a real on
board environment to the player

HANDLING: The game will include an accurate and revamped physics model
allowing players to feel the same emotions of a driver racing a real
WRC car. Although car behavior on track is really close to reality and
gives experienced users a very satisfying feeling, WRC 3 offers a set
of driving helps (Auto-Brake, Auto-Transmission, Braking Assistance
Stability Help and Physical damage level) that allows beginners to
perform a complete Special Stage and enjoy the game without too many
difficulties

OTHER FEATURES:

Photo Mode

Rewind Effect

Online Ranking System

New Menu style

Co-driver Audio note

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://imgon.net/di-2WG3.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://imgon.net/di-8P39.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-AY9D.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-DFZH.jpg


ENJOY!