The latest generation of the legendary ESET NOD32 Antivirus takes your security to a whole new level. Built for a low footprint, fast scanning, it packs security features and customization options for consistent and personalized security online or off.

Key Features and Benefits

ESET Live Grid (Cloud-powered Reputation) NEW
Delivers optimized real-time protection against Internet threats and social media exploits.

Gamer Mode NEW
Postpones all pop-up windows, updates or other system-intensive activities to conserve system resources for gaming or other full-screen activities.

Energy Saving Mode
Identifies when laptop is running on battery and automatically postpones scheduled tasks alerting you before larger update downloads.

Smart Detection
Advanced heuristic detection technology flags even never-before-seen malware protecting you from unknown threats and neutralizing them before they can do any harm.

Enhanced Media Control NEW
Automatically scans all USB flash drives, memory cards and CDs/DVDs. Block removable media based on type of media, manufacturer, size and other attributes.

Advanced HIPS Functionality NEW
This one is for real geeks ΓÇô now you can customize the behavior of the system in greater detail: specify rules for the system registry, active processes and programs, and fine-tune your security posture.

Light Footprint
We've engineered a smart solution with extremely low system footprint ensuring fast and smooth performance for a continual level of security.

Awards

PassMark ΓÇô ESET Smart Security 5 placed #1 in performance tests run by PassMark Software beating nine internet security products and achieving the best overall performance in the selected performance metrics.

AV-Comparatives ΓÇô ESET has received the most "Advanced+" awards in proactive tests from AV-Comparatives of all Antivirus vendors.
Virus Bulletin ΓÇô ESET NOD32 Antivirus has achieved the highest number of Virus Bulletin VB100 Awards, and never missed a single "In the Wild" virus, a testament to the consistent high-quality performance of ESET security across all platforms.

Run the setup file.
Extract fix file & follow the instruction.
Some antivirus may show false possitive.