S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Jagged Alliance: Crossfire (c) Kalypso

23-08-2012......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
Strategy...........Game Type - Disk(s)....................2 DVD

500TH GAME ISO RELEASE NOTES

If you didn't count, we can inform you that the leading force on PC has
reached our 500TH game iso release, since our start on 1 July 2007.

We don't want to include a complete game list, as who cares about such
lists

Skid Row - The Leading Force

RELEASE NOTES

Job well done, soldier The island of Arulco is free however, there
are other countries under the shadow of war that are ignored by the
rest of the world. Khanpaa, a peaceful and tranquil nation, is being
held in the terrifying iron grip of a group of paid mercenaries - yet
the United Nations looks the other way. UN ambassador Behnam Atiqullah
tries to help his home country, but there is not much he can do.
Military intervention from a major world power seems not to be an
option and Khanpaa appears all alone

That's where YOU come in As the strategic genius behind your own
personal Private Military Corporation, youve offed to help by bringing
in your team of skilled mercenaries to retake the tormented nation of
Khanpaa Help the oppressed people by hiring a team of hardened
guns-for-hire and prepare for battle in treacherously frozen mountain
badlands. Along the way, discover why Khanpaa has been turned into a
bloody battlefield and who aims to truly profit.

Jagged Alliance: Crossfire is a stand-alone expansion to the hit
tactical RPG  Jagged Alliance: Back in Action. Crossfire adds new
mercenaries, new environments and new weapons to challenge the player's
battlefield planning skills, while offering the combination of humorous
dialog and realistic combat fans have come to expect from the series
decade-long history.

Features

Tactical combat at its finest, using the enhanced Plan n Go system
of plotting your team's moves strategically, then executing them in
nail-biting real time

10 new mercenaries round out your team, offering a roster of more than

50 unique combatants with unique skills, weaknesses and quirky
personalities

10 new maps, set in the unforgiving, frozen mountainous countryside
will challenge your planning skills  rocky mountain terrain, narrow
valleys and icy cliffs will provide new cover opportunities,
chokepoints and offer optimum ambush points

15 hours of gameplay across a brand new campaign with a broad
variety of missions

New weapons, enemies and equipment  supplies are scarce, and your
mercenaries will have to make the most of outdated weapons, limited
supplies and equipment

Enjoy the Jagged Alliance series as never before with vastly improved
graphics, enhanced AI behavior, a polished interface and numerous
performance and gameplay updates


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy



GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision