



The Cannabis Collection - a series of educative and entertaining info dvd's

Please enjoy, share with friends and seed :)


Sacred Weeds - Henbane - the Witches Brew?


Sacred Weeds was a four part television series of 50 minute documentaries investigating the cultural impact of psychoactive plants on a broad array of early civilisations. The series was filmed at Hammerwood Park by the producer, Sarah Marris, and her production company TVF. It was broadcast in the summer of 1998 on Channel 4, a British television network.

The Reader in European Pre-History at the University of Oxford, Dr Andrew Sherratt, was the series host. Prior to his resignation from the University of Oxford, Sherratt was appointed Professor of Archaeology. Each episode began and ended with Sherratt inscribing his diary with his reflections on the series' scientific and cultural investigations. In each episode the series investigated one psychoactive plant and its cultural significance. Three specialists of various scientific disciplines were invited to monitor two volunteers who had taken each plant. After the four episodes, Sherratt assigned considerably more significance to the psychoactive properties of plants in ancient civilization and the prehistoric period than expert knowledge hitherto.
scientists:

    Paul Devereux, author and researcher of the cultural importance of hallucinogenic plants
    Dr Diane Purkiss, historian and lecturer at the University of Reading
    Dr Elizabeth Williamson, from the University of London's School of Pharmacy
volunteers: Paul Rousseau, Jim Boyd

Michael Carmichael suggested that the psychoactive effects of the blue lily and other psychoactive plants established a new foundation for understanding the origins of philosophy and religion in ancient Egypt. Alan Lloyd, the ranking took a more cautious approach. After witnessing the effects of the plant in two volunteers, all parties agreed that it was a psychoactive plant. Sherratt accepted the new paradigm for the origins of ancient philosophy and religion in his summation of the series.


Check this account for updates regularly :)

Thanks to the peers all over the globe seeding in this collection.

