


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Apostasy The Great Falling Away Vol 10 - Of Chaos and Confusion The Modern Church






POtHS says: The Falling away is running at Full Speed.


Description:

Of Chaos and Confusion - The Modern Church:
The video below is a documentary by Paul Flynn, who also produced ΓÇ£The Power Behind the New World OrderΓÇ¥. Chaos and Confusion is a documentary of the apostasy that is presently at work within the modern church.
A Megiddo Films Production
Produced, Written and Directed by Paul Flynn
Running Time: 2.5 hours
www.megiddofilms.org

"For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints."
~1 Corinthians 14:33
-----------------------------------------------------------

A Covenant for Civility: Come Let Us Reason Together:
Beware of false teachings occurring these days which will bring about the rise of the anti-christ.  The UN has always had as its goal a one-world government and a one-world religion.  The strategy is to create an "inclusive" religion where all gods are equal; which means that none are the God of Israel.  Those who won't join this inclusive religion will be viewed as outsiders, hateful, rigid, etc.  This "Covenant for Civility" is another tool for that. It sounds good on the surface...and who wants to be uncivil....but who gets to decide what "civil" is? Our God has his ideas written down for millennia and they don't seem to want to follow those rules for being "civil"

As of April 2010, this "covenant for civility," signed by over 100 "faith leaders" and publicized by Jim Wallis and Sojourners, practically begs for a contrarian response devoid of all truth and sugar. From the smarmy (not to mention insider-y) centrism of the subtitle ("Come, let us reason together," a misapplication of Isaiah if there ever was one), to the more-in-sadness-than-in-anger a historical fretting about what has happened to American political discourse, the project fairly cries out for a sound thumping by the very contemptuous churls it seeks to corral.
-----------------------------------------------------------

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
