Crisis On Infinite Earths is a 12-issue American comic book limited, maxi series and crossover event, produced by DC Comics in 1985 to simplify its then 50-year-old continuity.  The series was written by Marv Wolfman and illustrated by George Pérez (pencils/layouts), along with Mike DeCarlo, Dick Giordano, and Jerry Ordway (who shared inking/embellishing chores.)  The series removed the concept of the Multiverse in the fictional DC Universe, and depicted the deaths of such long-standing superheroes as Supergirl and the Barry Allen incarnation of the Flash.  As such, it is one of the most important events in the DC Universe, and continuity in the DCU is typically divided into pre-Crisis and post-Crisis periods.

COIE was highly successful from a marketing standpoint, generating renewed interest in the company's books, enticing readers with the tagline that the DC Universe will never be the same.  Along with Alan Moore's Watchmen and Frank Miller's Batman:  The Dark Knight Returns, it contributed to the commercial and creative revitalization of DC Comics after years of being dominated in the market by rival publisher Marvel Comics.

The story introduces readers to two near-omnipotent beings, The [good] Monitor and The [evil] Anti-Monitor, who had been created as a result of the same experiment that created the Multiverse.  The Monitor made cameo appearances in various DC comic book series for two years preceding the publication of the series.  At first, he appears to be a new super-villain, but with the onset of The Crisis, he is revealed to be working on a desperate plan to save the entire Multiverse from destruction at the hands of the Anti-Monitor.  The Crisis series crosses over MANY issues of MANY super-heroes/teams/villains, and depicts the efforts of DC Comics' superheroes to stop the Anti-Monitor's plan.  Under the initial guidance of The Monitor, a select group of heroes is assigned to protect massive tuning forks designed to merge the surviving Earths into one that could be protected from the antimatter that has already annihilated untold numbers of alternate Earths.  Eventually, the conflict grows and nearly every DC hero becomes involved in the battle.

The aftermath of The Crisis plays out a few pages later, including Wally West as the new Flash.  The final page shows the Psycho-Pirate, who was now imprisoned in Arkham Asylum, talking to himself in a monologue, “I'm the only one left who remembers the Infinite Earths.  You see, I know the truth.  I remember all that happened, and I'm not going to forget.  Worlds lived, worlds died.  Nothing will ever be the same.  But those were great days for me...  I had a good friend in the good old days, really.  He was The Anti-Monitor.  He was going to give me a world to rule.  Now, he's gone, too.  But that's okay with me.  You see, I like to remember the past because those were better times than now.  I mean, I'd rather live in the past than today, wouldn't you?  I mean, nothing's ever certain anymore.  Nothing's ever predictable, like it used to be.  These days... y-you just never know who's going to die... and who's going to live.”

Because of the extensive and substantial changes that Crisis on Infinite Earths implemented on many titles published by DC Comics, the series became a defining and critical moment in DC Comics' long-standing continuity.  Characters and other elements established before the series, especially those eliminated by it, were referred to as Pre-Crisis, while revised ones were considered Post-Crisis.  As a result, the series and its events eventually became known simply as The Crisis, an informal title that would persist among fans, readers, and even the DC editorial staff, for almost 20 years.

In this torrent (created upon request) I present for your downloading and perusing pleasures, my humble compilation of:  Pre-Crisis; Crisis On Infinite Earths; and Post-Crisis, too.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and of course the authors, artists and publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.