this update contains the folders that i screwed up in update 10. sorry about that. i also redid update 10 so that it will compleate. this update also includes a couple of albums that i don't care for, but they were a request for a friend. so don't think my musical taste has crapped up since the last update. my musicial interests may vary greatly, but i still consider my taste to be pretty good.

another mixed bag of music. this one contains industrial, punk, dubstep, world music, alternative, synthpop, metal, electronica, jazz, pop, ska-punk, crossover and more. list of artists: bayside, faderhead, floex, haywyre, hocico, josh wink, ken ishii, kid606, killing joke, klaypex, kmfdm, koffin kats, kone, lagwagon, leftfield, less than jake, lights of euphoria, linkin park, lords of acid, lustmord, machine head, magnetic man, meat beat manifesto, melvins, mesh, meshuggah, mt. eden, nine inch nails, pendulum, plateau, project pitchfork, rob zombie, rollins band, rusko, skrillex, slipknot, the future sound of london, the miles davis quintet, thelonious monk, tori amos, vcmg, vnv nation, white zombie and zeds dead. some of these rips are mine, some are not. big respect to the original rippers, posters and seeders. all mp3s, most to all are very high quality. all files have been run through mp3gain so that their volume is set by perceived loudness, not normalization. normalization is absolutely horrible. artwork is attached. the genre tags are probably debatable, but there are a million sub-genres and i'm too lazy to nitpick. they are basically tagged so that they are grouped together with songs that have similar traits and each genre can be played on random without any songs causing wtf moments. all are in directories that you can poop into itunes or your listening thingy of choice.

enjoy, and please seed. i will be posting a lot of torrents in the future, and i'll have to start deleting old ones so that i can put new ones up.

thank you very much to the people who have been seeding my torrents. i really appreciate it, and it makes things easier for everyone.