Book Description
Tony Gaddis’s accessible, step-by-step presentation helps beginning students understand the important details necessary to become skilled programmers at an introductory level. Gaddis motivates the study of both programming skills and the C++ programming language by presenting all the details needed to understand the “how” and the “why”—but never losing sight of the fact that most beginners struggle with this material. His approach is both gradual and highly accessible, ensuring that students understand the logic behind developing high-quality programs.

In Starting Out with C++: Early Objects, Gaddis covers objects and classes early after functions and before arrays and pointers. As with all Gaddis texts, clear and easy-to-read code listings, concise and practical real-world examples, and an abundance of exercises appear in every chapter. This text is intended for either a one-semester accelerated introductory course or a traditional two-semester sequence covering C++ programming.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1. Introduction to Computers and Programming
Chapter 2. Introduction to C++
Chapter 3. Expressions and Interactivity
Chapter 4. Making Decisions
Chapter 5. Looping
Chapter 6. Functions
Chapter 7. Introduction to Classes and Objects
Chapter 8. Arrays
Chapter 9. Searching, Sorting, and Algorithm Analysis
Chapter 10. Pointers
Chapter 11. More About Classes and Object-Oriented Programming
Chapter 12. More About Characters, Strings, and the string Class
Chapter 13. Advanced File and I/O Operations
Chapter 14. Recursion
Chapter 15. Polymorphism and Virtual Functions
Chapter 16. Exceptions, Templates, and the Standard Template Library (STL)
Chapter 17. Linked Lists
Chapter 18. Stacks and Queues
Chapter 19. Binary Trees
Appendix A: The ASCII Character Set
Appendix B: Operator Precedence and Associativity
Index

Book Details
Paperback: 1200 pages
Publisher: Addison Wesley; 7th Edition (March 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0136077749
ISBN-13: 978-0136077749