 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0034269/

Cast

William Holden 	... 	
Dan Thomas
Glenn Ford 	Glenn Ford 	... 	
Tod Ramsey
Claire Trevor 	Claire Trevor 	... 	
'Mike' King
George Bancroft 	George Bancroft 	... 	
Windy Miller
Edgar Buchanan 	Edgar Buchanan 	... 	
Buford 'Doc' Thorpe
Don Beddoe 	Don Beddoe 	... 	
Sheriff 

Storyline

Two Virginians are heading for a new life in Texas when they witness a stagecoach being held up. They decide to rob the robbers and make off with the loot. To escape a posse, they split up and don't see each other again for a long time. When they do meet up again, they find themselves on different sides of the law. This leads to the increasing estrangement of the two men, who once thought of themselves as brothers.

User Review

George Marshall's entertaining Western adventure - with some comedy elements - is lent an air of poignancy thanks to the pairing of enduring stars Glenn Ford and William Holden in the early years of their careers. Holden has the meatier role here, a good guy turned bad in love with the same woman as his friend (Ford) who follows a law-abiding life in the employ of cattle ranchers desperate to import their stock to the east but frustrated by marauding rustlers. Claire Trevor is the love interest, but she's fairly bland and it's difficult to see what a bad lad like Holden would see in her. That makes her a decent match for Ford, because there's not really that much to his character either. But then this is a product of the 40s Hollywood treadmill, so incident is more important than characterisation.

Edgar Buchanan, with his laid back, scratchy drawl and permanent stubble makes the biggest impact playing a dentist in league with the cattle rustlers who is always keen to repair the bicuspids of anyone who sits in his chair, whether it's for treatment or just for a chat.

The story starts out fairly carefree (despite Ford being the subject of an attempted lynching) before gradually evolving into something more serious, a little like the protagonist's respective situations and life in general. George Marshall directs with an assured hand, delivering a solid studio project that was never going to win any awards but was sure to satisfy filmgoers of the day.