
Tracks

    1 Prelude
     
    2 Holding My Breath
     
    3 A Time For...
     
    4 Fool
     
    5 Contusions
     
    6 What the Hell
     
    7 Little Fugue
     
    8 One for Bielski
     
    9 P.A.R.T.Y.
     
    10 The Importance of Elsewhere
     
    11 Lazy Lazarus


Review:
There’s a certain deadpan humour about multi-

instrumentalistproducerDJ Adam Gibbons’ stage name as a 

fairly nerdy looking white guy, there was never going to be 

an afro involved in his vintage funk stylings.

It’s a great shame, though, that so little of this self-

depreciating wit got through to the tunes, as his weapons 

of choice are soul and funk from the 1960s and 70s, with a 

dash of old-school hip hop here and there. So much of that 

music was about messing about and showing off, meaning a 

musical sense of humour was usually as fundamental as a 

bassline; but here, the music is seldom relaxed enough to 

drop its guard and too many tracks come across as 

remarkable reproductions of a sound.

Gibbons’ musical abilities have never been in doubt, but 

his work here comes across as a little flat, as if 

concentrating so much on what he was doing made him miss 

the point of why he was doing it. This leaves what are 

smart compositions, like Holding My Breath, The Importance 

of Elsewhere and A Time For…, having to be defined by their 

vocals. And, in said cases, these aren’t very good.

Not that this is a bad album, at all – when it fires on all 

cylinders at the same time it’s very near to great. Fool, 

One for Belski and Contusions occupy that interesting 

juncture, from the late-60s, where it was a very short step 

from soul to lounge, and a degree of cheesy playfulness was 

always going to figure. Respectively, the smoky and 

seductive Angelique Morrison croons above chirping strings; 

next, a hard driving rhythm takes the pressure off the 

Hammond and flute allowing them to have some fun; and 

Contusions’ big drums and honking brass has that almost 

pointless self-celebration that underpinned some of the 

best funk. P.A.R.T.Y. is bonkers hip hop, defined by 

rappers Wax & Herbal T’s exuberant vocals, but in such a 

good way the whole thing swings gloriously.

It’s never easy approaching a style from the outside, as 

what contributed to making it special won’t necessarily be 

obvious – ie the vibe of the time – but Gibbons gets closer 

than most. Maybe next time out he won’t worry about getting 

it so technically correct.

-  Lloyd Bradley, BBC (2011-10-05) 