Charles C. Mann - 1493: Uncovering the New World Columbus Created

Unabridged, 96 kbps, Read by Robertson Dean
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/1493-charles-c-mann/1101005989

Overview
A deeply engaging new history of how European settlements in the post-Colombian Americas shaped the world, from the bestselling author of 1491. Presenting the latest research by biologists, anthropologists, archaeologists, and historians, Mann shows how the post-Columbian network of ecological and economic exchange fostered the rise of Europe, devastated imperial China, convulsed Africa, and for two centuries made Mexico CityΓÇöwhere Asia, Europe, and the new frontier of the Americas dynamically interactedΓÇöthe center of the world. In this history, Mann uncovers the germ of today's fiercest political disputes, from immigration to trade policy to culture wars. In 1493, Mann has again given readers an eye-opening scientific interpretation of our past, unequaled in its authority and fascination.

Editorial Reviews
From Barnes & Noble
If Charles C. Mann's 1491 was the 'before' of the New World, his 1493 is the 'after'. Unlike scores of other histories, this narrative doesn't retread the familiar voyages and treks of Christopher Columbus. Instead, Mann focuses on the radical ecological re-groupings on both sides of the Atlantic caused by the "Columbian Exchange." He shows how this biological revolution had far-reaching consequences, devastating Imperial China, and raising centers like Manila and Mexico City into new prominence. A fresh view of a time-honored topic.

Gregory McNamee
Mann's book is jammed with facts and factoids, trivia and moments of great insight that take on power as they accumulateΓÇª[1493], fascinating and complex, exemplary in its union of meaningful fact with good storytelling, ranges across continents and centuries to explain how the world we inhabit came to be.
ΓÇöThe Washington Post

Meet the Author
Charles C. Mann, a correspondent for The Atlantic, Science, and Wired, has written for Fortune, The New York Times, Smithsonian, Technology Review, Vanity Fair, and The Washington Post, as well as for the TV network HBO and the series Law & Order. A three-time National Magazine Award finalist, he is the recipient of writing awards from the American Bar Association, the American Institute of Physics, the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, and the Lannan Foundation. His 1491 won the National Academies Communication Award for the best book of the year.

Product Details
ISBN-13: 9780307278241
Publisher: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group
Publication date: 7/24/2012