    Don't Look Twice
    The Dark Tide 

 Don't Look Twice

 Product Description
A breathtaking novel of suspense from the co-author of five No 1 James Patterson bestsellers including Judge and Jury and Lifeguard, and the hit thrillers The Blue Zone and The Dark Tide

A revenge killing.
A dead public attorney.
And a family caught in the cross-fire.

For local detective Ty Hauck, life is good. A waterfront house, a new girlfriend and, after uncovering a Wall Street scandal, he’s even a local hero. But then a day trip with his daughter turns into a bloodbath. Inner-city violence seems to have invaded his quiet Greenwich suburn. Or does someone just want it to appear that way?

If so, it’s someone powerful enough to kill without fear of reprisal. Ty suspects things go deeper, maybe all the way to Washington and the Middle East. And everyone, from the FBI to his own family, wants him to stop looking. But with his estranged brother, Warren, in danger, Ty can’t turn away. He ignores the warnings… with devastating and explosive consequences.

The Dark Tide 

From the New York Times bestselling author of The Blue Zone comes this second mesmerizing thriller about a woman who must unravel the secrets from her dead husband’s past. 

An explosion rips through New York City’s Grand Central Station one morning, destroying the train Karen Friedman’s husband, a successful hedge fund manager, is riding in to work. Days later, with dozens of bodies still unidentifiable, Karen resigns herself to the awful truth: her husband of eighteen years is dead.

On the same day, a suspicious hit-and-run accident leaves a young man dead in Karen’s hometown of Greenwich, Connecticut. Ty Hauck, the head of the local detectives there, reminded of a tragic moment from his own dark past, finds a clue that shockingly connects the two seemingly unrelated events.

Months later, two men show up at Karen’s home digging into Charles’ business dealings. Hundreds of millions of dollars are missing--and the trail points squarely to Charles. With doubt suddenly cast on everything she has ever known, Karen, with Hauck, steps into a widening storm of hedge fund losses, international scams and murder. And, as the investigations inevitably converge, these two strangers, touched by tragedy, are pulled into an ever-deepening relationship and open the door to a deadly world of cover-up—and conspiracy.

With its breakneck pacing, plentiful twists, compelling characters, and abundant heart, The Dark Tide confirms Andrew Gross’ place as a master storyteller at the top of his game. 


Enjoy!