Mockup Creator
 
Mockup Creator is the tool for creating mock-ups and wireframing easily. 


MockupCreator is a tool to create mockups, prototypes and wireframes. 

MockupCreator will help you to accelerate your products development and improve the quality of the product design.

 How is it possible? Let's imagine you need to add a few forms, dialog or screens to add or edit data to your application or web site. You know what data will be used and you have a functional specification. Now you need to implement it and achieve best user experience.

 Most information we get visually, so let's create a mock-up and check if it contains all necessary elements, how they are placed, is UI overcomplicated or not.

 While creating your mock-up you'll get some new ideas and solutions, find missing use cases and fix your specification before the application will be implemented.

 As it is easy to create a mock-up or a wireframe, you can create a few variations very quickly (just copy and modify it). When you have several mockups on the screen, it'll help you to compare them, think about details of your web or desktop application and improve quality of gui.

 MockupCreator has the following key features: 

Has easy and clear UI, perfect learning curve. You start creating your mockups immediately and focus on your mockup.

 Works with images: you can take a screen shot of any application or its part, save it and use it in your mock-up as any other element.

 Exports a mock-up to an image: create a mock-up, save it as an image and use it in your documents.

 Edits all properties in one place, just double click an element. 

Has standard elements selection and interaction with the clipboard. You can use ctrl + left mouse click, shift + left mouse click to select several elements. Ctrl-c, ctrl-v, ctrl-y (ctrl-insert, ctrl-shift, shift-del ) to work with the clipboard. Or you can use corresponding buttons on the toolbar.

 Allows to drag & drop elements from the toolbox to the screen. Don't like to drag? Just click an element on the toolbox and then click on the canvas.

If you like to use a keyboard, there are several short cuts: 

arrow keys to move selected elements
ctrl + arrow keys to move faster
shift + arrow keys to change the size of the element
 
System Requirements: 

Windows XP SP3, Vista, Windows 7 

Homepage: http://mockupcreator.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack floder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Use given serial to register application.
4. Done, Enjoy.
 