Proudly Presents

A Valley Without Wind (c) Arcen Games

Release On: 23 April 2012 Disk Amount/Format: 1 CD ISO
Type of Game: Action Media Protection: Activation

Release Information:

A 2D sidescroller without a linear path. An action game with tactical
combat and strategic planning. An adventure game that lets you free-roam
a vast, procedurally-generated world. A Valley Without Wind defies genre
stereotypes. Unlike other procedurally-generated games, you also get a
logical progression in difficulty, plus helpful tips and checklists to
guide your travels (should you need them)

Choose for yourself how to prepare to face the vastly stronger Overlord
Complete a variety of missions to earn arcane rewards, or roam the wilds
to uncover secret missions and stashes of magical loot. Customize your
characters with unique combinations of enchants and spells that change
how you move, jump, and fight. Or rescue people and bring them back to
your settlement, recruiting them to help you in return

You choose how to play, and the world adapts around you

Features:

Travel alone or with friends across an ever-expanding world of dangerous
creatures, powerful magic, high technology, and mysteries

You have choice. The world of Environ is procedurally generated, and
lets you go anywhere you see -- including right into the overlord's keep
at any time. (Good luck with that.)

Environ is endless. When you save one continent from an overlord, a
larger and more complex continent appears

The game adapts to how you play: as you demonstrate your proficiency
monsters upgrade accordingly. Killed 100 bats? Okay, time for... bats on
fire!

Crazy amounts of character customization. Combine a multitude of spells
enchants, and equipment to create specialized character builds

Play as a long line of brave adventurers. It's not a question of IF your
character is going to die, but WHEN. Any character that dies is
permanently lost, but you keep all your inventory, enchants, and general
progress in the game

Become a community leader. Rescue NPCs, have them join your settlement
and construct buildings for them -- they may return the favor and help
you

Be a clever problem-solver. Challenges have more than one solution, each
with its own pros and cons. You get to figure things out rather than just
jumping through a set of hoops

Difficulty levels give exactly the challenge you want, from casual to
hardcore on both platforming and combat independently

New updates are arriving all the time packed with additional content
improvements, and more

Burn/mount, install, use keygen, play!

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO

(C) E/dfs
" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! ".