Nirvana ?ΓÇô In Utero
Label:
Geffen Records ΓÇô 424 536-1
Format:
Vinyl, LP, Album, Reissue 

This is the Albini Mix. I really brought expensive equipment to transfer this baby. I did not went to european stores and asked for most expensive thinking "oh it's gotta be the best quality". I studied and paid an electrical engineer to build and pre-phono for me, he said ok but needed an expert on buiding pre-amps and hi-fi gear to help him out with the eletric componets and design.
In the end I waited almost a year but now I feel happy because that there's no cheap material and the thing is just a tank and kind small and nothing fancy like the 10+ EUR from UK pre-phono.
I only needed a decent turntable (needle + cartridge) and a power amp(but turns out I didn't need it but I won't explain why.. no point) 
Believe it or not, there was a 87 Yamaha turntable mint bought for less than 100 dollars. The guy did not know that this thing was in his grandfather basement for 10 years and I just got lucky to contact him at the right momment he was selling all the "crap".
Turns out that the needle was fine but I contacted an company from Netherlands to make an exclusive one.

All that story to tell you that you'll listen to the best Albini Mix sound not remastered or/and altered.
It does have some clicks (I listened 'bout 50 times before transfering, yeah bad idea) but I did not remove.

In fact, I only made 1 CD copy because I trusted my HDD and last mouth I lost all my data because it crashed. Most stuff I had a backup but this one for some reason I haven't.
If anyone has the original torrent posted on Dime in 2007/08 please let me know.

There's a terrible dropout at the end of HSB, thanks to CD-R. 

I really doubt there will be a better transfer sould quality-wise. I know there's a remastered version very clean and with no hiss at all but I respectfully say that this one sounds better.

I know, trust me, how ignorant Nirvana fans are because I was a "huge" fan back then so I don't expect any positive comments. In fact, I expect the same thing that went on 2007/08; people crying and pissing me off on inbox to tell my gear and to tell that it sounded "ok"
I just have one request:  use a good headphone, please. No need for expensive passive monitors or state of art speakers worth more than 30,00 USD with the best power amp in the world.
I only request this: Listen with good headphones. You may use the old Sony that you father owns in mid 90's, or maybe the the Boss you've paid 70 EUR. (no, the Dj ones are out of it! even if you paid 1 million USD).

After 3 years  without listening to this album at all was the best thing for me because it seems that the fact of hearing nirvana so much for years made me forget about how powerful this album is despite all remix/remaster and mixing "issues" ended up a reality show with Albini's interview and many Geffen/Kurt statement.

The bad news is that I the 24bit wavs  went to space for good.
That's all. 

Tracklist:

SIDE A: 
Serve the Servants (3:37)
Scentless Apprentice (3:48)
Heart-Shaped Box (4:42)
Rape Me (2:50)
Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle (4:10)
Dumb (2:32)

SIDE B:
Very Ape (1:56)
Milk It (3:55)
Pennyroyal Tea (3:37)
Radio Friendly Unit Shifter (4:51)
Tourette's (1:35)
All Apologies (31:32)

Runtime: 41 minutes, 24 seconds.

CDR(1)->FLAC(44.1k/16bit)
