This was a slow moving torrent and I'd imagine its partly because it wasn't on TPB, so I wanted to upload it here and seed it so more people can get it much faster.  Adrian Dennis made this and there's a serial and product key included.  (No crack needed.)

Drive Copy 11 Professional

Performs any migration, no matter the source or target.

You no longer need to spend hours performing tedious, complicated re-installations when buying or upgrading your PC. Take all the best from the system youΓÇÖre used to - and simply move it to the new environment. Use Drive Copy 11 Professional for fast, efficient computer migrations of any software/hardware combination, from any source, to any target.

Performing all type of migrations:

Everyday migrations

Our easy-to-use Migrate Hard Disk Drive wizard helps you upgrade your hard drive, migrate to new hardware, or use your old PC in a virtual environment, and more.

Make your system mobile

Your PC is in your pocket! Use it anywhere, anytime! Create a virtual clone of your PC, including operating system, drivers and settings, all your applications and files. Save it to the USB hard drive and use it on another computer, just as if you're working from your own PC. Click here to know how.

Take advantage of SSD drives

Think to upgrade to a new Solid State Drive (SSD)? ParagonΓÇÖs Drive Copy 11 is just what you need. Its handy intuitive Migrate OS to SSD wizard performs fast and safe Windows migrations to new storage devices (HDD or SSD) and even downsizes to smaller capacity drives.

Move to 3TB drive

Traditional MBR partitioning schemes do not work with HDD bigger than 2.2TB. ThatΓÇÖs why, Paragon Software has developed a workaround method for MBR OS migration to Retained GPT (also known as Hybrid GPT) drives. Drive Copy 11 allows you to use 100% of high-capacity drives. Click here to know how.

Installation Instructions

Run Setup.exe

To Install Paragon Drive Copy 11 Pro Special Edition

When. Extraction Completes, Select The Installtion Tab

And Click " Install Paragon Drive Copy 11 Pro SE (English) "

follow The Onscreen Instructions By The Installer You Will Be

Ask To Register It, Use The Registration Info Provided Below,

And Click [ Next ] (3) Times Then Click [ Install ],

When Finish Installing, Click Finish

To Complete The Setup, Done Enjoy !!! .

Registration Info (C.R.)
------------------------

Proudct Key : [In the torrent - publicly posted keys get black listed the easiest.]

Serial Number : [In the torrent - publicly posted keys get black listed the easiest.]

For Cool Downloads Head Over To My Site
 
http://coolrelease.net