Understanding Psychology (10th Ed)
by Robert S. Feldman
McGraw-Hill Humanities | September 2010 | ISBN: 0073382795 | 784 pages | PDF | 40.02 Mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Understanding-Psychology-Robert-Feldman/dp/0073382795

Your students are individuals. Do your teaching materials treat them that way?
Feldman’s Understanding Psychology does. From an adaptive diagnostic tool that provides a GPS for learning to a reader-friendly modular organization, Feldman ensures that every student gains a better understanding of psychology. Its new groundbreaking adaptive diagnostic tool generates a personalized study plan to help students “know what they know” while guiding them to understand and learn what they don’t know through engaging interactivities, exercises, and readings. The thoroughly revised Tenth Edition continues with Bob Feldman’s accessible pedagogy, hallmark research, and focus on diversity in a flexible modules-within-chapters format.

BRIEF CONTENTS
CHAPTER 1 Introduction to Psychology
CHAPTER 2 Psychological Research
CHAPTER 3 Neuroscience and Behavior
CHAPTER 4 Sensation and Perception
CHAPTER 5 States of Consciousness
CHAPTER 6 Learning
CHAPTER 7 Memory
CHAPTER 8 Cognition and Language
CHAPTER 9 Intelligence
CHAPTER 10 Motivation and Emotion
CHAPTER 11 Sexuality and Gender
CHAPTER 12 Development
CHAPTER 13 Personality
CHAPTER 14 Health Psychology: Stress, Coping, and Well-Being
CHAPTER 15 Psychological Disorders
CHAPTER 16 Treatment of Psychological Disorders
CHAPTER 17 Social Psychology
APPENDIX: Going by the Numbers
Glossary


About the Author
Robert S. Feldman is Dean in the College of Social and Behavioral Sciences and Professor of Psychology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Feldman, who is winner of the College Distinguished Teacher award, has also taught courses at Mount Holyoke College, Wesleyan University, and Virginia Commonwealth University.
His books, which have been translated into Spanish, French, Portuguese, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, and other languages, include The Liar in Your Life, Understanding Psychology, Essentials of Understanding Psychology, Fundamentals of Nonverbal Behavior, Development of Nonverbal Behavior in Children, Social Psychology, Development Across the Life Span, and P.O.W.E.R. Learning: Strategies for Success in College and Life. His research interests include honesty and deception and impression management. His research has been supported by grants from the National Institute of Mental Health and the National Institute on Disabilities and Rehabilitation Research.
Feldman's spare time is most often devoted to serious cooking and earnest, if not entirely expert, piano playing. He also loves to travel. He has three adult children and lives with his wife, also a psychologist, overlooking the Holyoke mountain range in the Pioneer Valley of western Massachusetts.