About the Game
The most significant route expansion since the launch of RailWorks, West Coast Main Line North brings you well over 100 miles of highly-detailed railway line, with stations, yards, cuttings, viaducts and stunning scenery. West Coast Main Line North recreates the route between Carlisle and Glasgow as it appeared in the early 1990s, with no less than 26 realistically-modelled stations and halts. Also included is the brand new Class 86 electric locomotive, which was built specifically to haul express passenger services on the route, and which comes with accurate British Rail Mk3 buffered coaches. Built to cover the distance quickly and comfortably, the Class 86 can really stretch its legs on this long and fast line. For a change of pace, there are also full recreations of the yards along the route including Polmadie, Mossend and Kingmoor yards.

Includes:
Accurate recreation of the West Coast Main Line northern section from Carlisle to Glasgow
Class 86 electric locomotive in British Rail Intercity Executive livery
Buffered Mk3 coaches in British Rail Intercity Executive livery
12 scenarios

Free Roam: Carlisle Station

Pick a train by clicking on it, then explore the route. 
Free Roam: Carstairs Station

Pick a train by clicking on it, then explore the route. 
Free Roam: Glasgow Central Station

Pick a train by clicking on it, then explore the route. 
Free Roam: Mossend Yard

Pick a train by clicking on it, then explore the route. 
Free Roam: Motherwell Station

Pick a train by clicking on it, then explore the route. 
Free Roam: Polmadie Depot

Pick a train by clicking on it, then explore the route. 
Polmadie Hop

Using celebrity 47569 Gloucestershire Regiment form a southbound express at Polmadie depot before hauling it into Glasgow Central. 
Hand Over

Drive the Class 86 passenger train assembled in the Polmadie Hop scenario from Glasgow Central down to Carstairs, stopping at Motherwell. 
Kingmoor Sunset

Using a Class 37, perform freight shunting duties at Kingmoor, assembling two rakes in preparation for departure all over the WCML. 
Carstairs Split (Career System Scenario)

Drive a Class 86 on a semi-fast service to Glasgow Central from Carlisle. The train needs splitting at Carstairs, where the rear four coaches are bound for Edinburgh. Your stops are timetabled. 
The Argyle Line (Career System Scenario)

The multiple units usually running on the Argyle line have been suspended this weekend for maintenance so Class 86 hauled stock is being used instead. Try and maintain the usual timetable as you stop at the suburban stations on the line until Rutherglen. 
Scots Pine (Career System Scenario)

Drive a shipment of timber using a Class 47 from Mossend to Kingmoor. You will need to stop at a couple of passing loops to allow priority trains to pass.

VISIT US OVER AT: http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/ For more! 