Follow my uploads here:                           
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.2 and up
Overview: Recast is the best way to customize weather and widgets on your Android device.

On phone, tablet or Google TV, Recast is the best way to customize weather, widgets and control your Android device.
Easily change and personalize nearly everything: colors, icons, fonts, layouts, sizes and more!
Uses modern Ice Cream Sandwich Holo interface look, no matter what Android OS you have and works on nearly every Android device!
The online catalog makes it easy and fast to get new widgets, colors, styles and more.
Add as many locations as you want and customize each one for C/F, metric/imperial, 12/24 hour, naming and more.

Offers the most popular widget sizes: 1x1, 1x4, 2x2, 3x2, 4x1, 4x2, 5x1, 5x2 and full screen portrait and landscape views.

Very resource friendly and doesn't use your network or battery while your screen is off.
GPS and automatic weather updates can be disabled for full manual control.

Recast is weather and widgets done your way.
For questions, suggestions or help visit us at http://recast.phase2i.com/

- Supports Android OS 2.2 Froyo, 2.3 Gingerbread and 3.x Honeycomb, 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and 4.1 Jelly Bean
- One app works on virtually all phones, notes, media players, tablets and Google TVs
- Attractive and clean widgets with clocks, dates, weather, battery, toggles and more
- Change nearly everything: backgrounds, colors, icons, fonts, layouts, toggles, time formats, temperature units, speed units and more
- Add, re-arrange and remove as many locations as you want for weather with easy, auto-completing name entry

What's in this version:
Added MSN Weather provider and made it the default service
Added backgrounds download feature to the Catalog, added new backgrounds
Fixed the built-in canned forecast data to display in previews correctly
Fixed portrait backgrounds that were being stretched incorrectly
Fixed backgrounds in templates so that they can be deleted
Added more support info to help page and contact pages
Added a new icon for Recast update notifications
Made improvements to overall app stability and performance



                                By bobiras2009		