Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/61000/photo-60765.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/61000/photo-60766.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/61000/photo-60767.jpg

Syndicate-SKIDROW
Syndicate (c) EA Games

25-02-2012....Release Date - Protection...SecuROMEACoreCustom
FPS..............Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Syndicate is the re-imagination of a cult classic franchise from 1993 -
a unique action shooter set in a not too distant future, where Business
is War. 2069 - No longer governed by politicians, the developed world
is divided up into regions controlled by megacorporations known as
Syndicates. These Syndicates have revolutionized how the consumer
interacts with the digital world. No longer does the consumer require a
device to access the world's data and control their technology, they
can do this at the blink of an eye via neural chip implant. Civilians
flocked to be "chip'd" and enjoy all that their selected Syndicate has
to offer housing, medical, banking, insurance, education,
entertainment and jobs. One complete package. One complete lifestyle.
In return, the Syndicates gained unprecedented insights, and control,
over the individual and their behaviour. With little governmental
oversight, business has become war. The Syndicates will stop at nothing
for ultimate market dominance. At the front line of this war are the
Agents, the Syndicate's bio-engineered and chip-augmented enforcers.
They can breach anything in the wired world including their enemies,
their weapons and the environment that surrounds them, making them the
most efficient and deadly technological weapons in the world. Take on
the role of Miles Kilo, Eurocorp's latest prototype agent, and embark
on a brutal action adventure of corruption and revenge.

In the not too distant future, the world is divided into regions
controlled by mega-corporations known as Syndicates. In this future,
business is war, and you are the weapon: the latest prototype agent for
Eurocorp, one of the most ruthless Syndicates in a world dominated by
greed. In single-player, embark on a unique sci-fi shooter adventure of
corruption and revenge, as you utilize DART 6 chip-enhanced technology
to breech, manipulate and control the wired world. Or form your own
Syndicate in four-player co-op and dominate nine action-packed missions
inspired by the original Syndicate game.

Features:

Chip Enhanced Gameplay: Slow down time, see through walls, and breach
your enemy and everything digital in the world with Dart vision - A
neural DART6 chip implant that allows you to interface directly with
the Dataverse.

4-Player Online Co-op: Assemble your Syndicate for global domination. A
4-player, online co-op experience like no other, with chip enhanced
gameplay and 9 missions re-imagined from the original Syndicate.

Visceral FPS Experience: Utilize an upgradable arsenal of futuristic
weapons, armor and gear to annihilate your enemies and harvest their
chip technology for personal advancement and sinister corporate greed.

Sci-Fi Fiction: Immerse yourself in the world of Syndicate 2069, with a
world-class sci-fi story experience, written by bestselling author
Richard Morgan.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

Uploader Note: Please don't mind inside .jpg file included by one of our preseeding
supporting uploader,sometimes my gameseedbox is dead and in this case i took a torrent
from a private site with private seeders for better speeds-seeds via dht/peer exchange+my
own bandwidth for about 100 GiB.

Note: We need anything you can offer as early releases,seedboxes,links,accounts,etc
please contact us on piratepedia[@]msn/gmail.com or our website torentz 3xforum ro
Seed Stats: 20-400 GiB at aprox 10 MiB/sec/20 slots per torrent

Syndicate-SKIDROW Torrent Free Download
 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/extremezone/0/7

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages. 
IF the game does not work for you then update drivers, directX, components
as netframework/redist files/etc, run as administrator, change compatibility
mode, block/disable access to internet, copy crack/overwrite, other tweaks,etc
Search here for any future updates/working status/etc http://orlydb.com/s/games, 
http://gamecopyworld.com or any other quality Scene Release & filesharing sites.
Stop using stupid av's as AVG reporting false positive viruses-disable or use ESET