S K I D R O W proudly presents:
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-4D59_4F367BF1.jpg

Crusader Kings II (c) Paradox Interactive 

The Dark Ages might be drawing to a close, but Europe is still in turmoil. Petty lords vie 
against beleaguered kings who struggle to assert control over their fragmented realms. The 
Pope calls for a Crusade to protect the Christians in the Holy Land even as he refuses to 
relinquish control over the investiture of bishops - and their riches. Now is the time for 
greatness. Expand your demesne and secure the future of your dynasty. Fill your coffers, 
appoint vassals, root out traitors and heretics, introduce laws and interact with hundreds 
of nobles, each with their own agenda 

A good lord will always need friends to support him. But beware, as loyal vassals can 
quickly turn to bitter rivals, and some might not be as reliable as they seem. Stand ready, 
and increase your prestige until the world whispers your name in awe. Do you have what it 
takes to become a Crusader King? 

Crusader Kings II explores one of the defining periods in world history in an experience 
crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy. Medieval Europe is brought to life in this epic 
game of knights, schemes, and thrones 

Features: 

Start a game at any point between 1066 and 1337 and play until 1453 

Pick a Christian lord and make sure his dynasty survives as you play a succession of his 
descendants through the ages. 

Gain Prestige for every successive character you play, furthering the glory of your Dynasty. 

Expand your feudal domain - and keep it from falling apart. 

Unravel the plots of your courtiers and vassals, each with their own opinions and agendas. 

Take up the Cross and fight the Moor, the Heathen and the Heretic. 

Defend against the onslaught of the Mongol Horde. 

Struggle with the Pope for control of the bishops. 

Relive the Middle Ages with up to 32 other players in a competitive multiplayer mode.

Release Date: 10.02.2012
Protection: Steam
Disk(s): 1 CD
Game Type: Strategy

INSTALL NOTES:

1. Mount or burn image 
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
4. Play the game 
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!  
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-1C31_4F367BF1.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-76DC_4F367BF1.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-97AC_4F367BF1.jpg