Slackeye Slim - El Santo Grial: La Pistola Piadosa (2011) mp3

Slackeye Slims first tour was a quick run through Montana in December of 2007. While in Montana, Joe Frankland met singer/songwriter Graham Lindsey. Frankland moved to Anaconda, Montana a few months later and began to write Slackeye Slims second album, El Santo Grial: La Pistola Piadosa, recruiting Lindsey to help write some of the music.
 
For El Santo Grial, the two mine and combine multiple styles ΓÇö genre-bending with an equal diversity of instruments ΓÇö for the 14 songs influenced by film and literature as much as Franklands religious upbringing. The album was released digitally on June 21, 2011 and on CD by Farmageddon Records on August 2, 2011.
 
Praised by critics, the album has seen tracks included on several compilations, including Shooter Jennings Southern Independent Vol. 1, Danielle Colbys (of History Channels American Pickers) Danielle Colby Presents: The Music of Farmageddon Records. And has also seen a song included in the trailer for Accidental Humour Companys 2011 film Cowboy: A Cowboy Story, as well as regular airplay on Sirius XMs Outlaw Country channel, PRICK Magazines internet radio show, Garage 71, and many podcasts and community stations across the US.
 
Saving Country Music calls El Santo Grial: La Pistola Piadosa, a masterpiece, exquisitely produced, arranged, and performed. Alternative Sound says it sounds like Ennio Morricone, Calexico, Dick Dale and Tom Waits collaborated to write the soundtrack for a dark western. It was called, one of the most visionary, unique, and just plain badass albums to be released in years, by No Depression.
 
Slackeye Slim (aka Joe Frankland), the man who was born with an evil eye, has performed all over the United States and opened for Slim Cessnas Auto Club, The Legendary Shack Shakers, and Those Poor Bastards. Currently, Frankland lives a reclusive life in rural southwest Wisconsin where he is continuing to develop new material for Slackeye Slim.