Hayate no Gotoku! Heaven is a Place on Earth is the first movie of the Hayate no Gotoku! series. The film is an adaption of the manga and anime series Hayate no Gotoku!. The film was released in theaters across Japan on August 27, 2011 as a double-bill with Mahou Sensei Negima! Anime Final.

Setting:
The film takes place towards the end of the summer holidays 2 weeks after Comiket or Natsucomi.

Story:
Nagi, Hayate, Maria, Kayura, Hinagiku, Ayumu, Chiharu and the Hakuou Three Amiga go to stay at Ayumu's vacation home in the country side after some persuasion (mainly of Nagi and Kayura). At first, Nagi believes it to be the perfect thing to do. But after they arrive at the place, she acts up because there are no video games or television there. As Hayate tries to get Nagi to admire the unique surroundings of the countryside, he suddenly sees a silver-haired girl standing outside the house saying something. He is then interrupted from his frozen state and looks back to see that she is gone. No one else seemed to notice her, making him intrigued.
In the night, Nagi woke to find someone to acompany her to the toilet, because of her fear of the dark. She calls Hayate to come with her. Not realising her reason for calling, Hayate instead asks her to see the starry sky that can't be seen in the city. Then the silver-haired girl appears again. Hayate tells Nagi to wait and follows the girl to a place from his memories...

Edition of Movie:
Theater edition

This Edition released on August 27, 2011 in the theater. This edition has the missing story about what happened before Nagi and Hayate come to the place in the movie. But this missing story can be found in Volume 99 in chapter Heaven is a Place on Earth 0 that came as a present for the people who came to watch the movie in this edition.

Manga Edition
This edition came with Volume 31 Limited Edition and was released only in DVD. This edition has the missing story like the theater edition. But this edition didn't include Volume 99. That means this edition contains the incomplete story.

Hayate no Gotoku! Heaven is a Place on Earth +99

Ordinary Edition

This edition is an extended edition of the theater edition and Manga Edition. The movie includes the story from Heaven is a Place on Earth 0 in Volume 99 as an extended scene. This edition was relesed in Both DVD and Blu-ray Disc Media.

Limited Edition


Like the Ordinary Edition, this edition is an extended edition that include the story from Heaven is a Place on Earth 0 and was relesed in Both DVD and Blu-ray Disc. The contents that can only be found in this edition are:

Outer case with illustrations by Kenjiro Hata
Digipak with illustrations drawn by grated director Hideto Komori
Storyboard book
The Film of the Movie
Kenjiro Hata and Hideto Komori 's liner notes.
Bonus DVD

Trivia:
The movie takes place towards the end of the summer holidays after Comiket, however the Manga is currently at the begining of the summer holidays, so there is a time gap over what happened in between.

When Chiharu says to Hayate that she and Nagi were really busy during the summer because of NatsuComi, a person who resembles Ruka can be seen sitting behind Nagi and Chiharu in the third flashback shot.

Ayumu Nishizawa can be seen wearing a maid Uniform. (Reference to the fact that she lost the bet to Wataru when he said he would confess to Isumi earlier in the Manga, her punishment would be to wear a maid uniform at his new shop).

When Hayate takes Nagi outside to look at the night sky, he says to her: "Sure, the night sky in Mykonos was pretty, but the sky in Japan isn't too shabby either, is it?" a reference to when they and Maria went to Mykonos Island during Golden Week.

Hinagiku is seen fighting with the Shirosakura, which she got during the Golden Week Arc.

In the DVD cover of the Hayate no gotoku heaven is a place on earth +99 edition on a sleeping Nagi's shirt hinting that the name of the park is Tadami Yuen, also in Ayumu's grandmother's house has a poster of it scene in the background.

FAQs:
Q: What Edition is this?
A: Hayate no Gotoku! Heaven is a Place on Earth +99 (Ordinary Edition)

Q: Who subbed this movie?
A: Static Subs with cooperation of Eclipse

Q: What file format is this video?
A: .mkv so.. It's Full 1080p HD!

That's the FAQ in my mind so enjoy the show.
