Requirements: 2.2 and up

Overview:

 The Freakishly Rugged Advanced Genetics Galactic Enforcement Division (AKA F.R.A.G.G.E.D) specializes in the development and deployment of superhuman special agents.



Headed since its formation by the brilliant soldier-turned-scientist Mother Gun, its current roster consists of only two active field operatives, code-named Percy and Francis Gun. Their lifelong mission: to protect the cosmos from the Tyrannical Oppressors of Life known as T.O.O.L. Like a super-powered fungus gone haywire, the evil T.O.O.L organization has grown from the dankest levels of the criminal underworld to spread its own brand of malevolent funk to every corner of the galaxy. Most recently, they’ve set their sights on harvesting the rare element Xplodium in an effort to create even more powerful weapons to enslave the universe… But not if the GUN BROS have anything to do about it!
Coming Soon to Gun Bros:
New Planets! Expand your horizons & take the fight to new planets. Utilize environmental turrets and buildings to help you defeat your enemies!
New Guns! Expand your arsenal with more guns, armor and power-ups – T.O.O.L. doesn’t stand a chance!
FEATURES
Form your own Brotherhood: Add your Game Center friends to form your brotherhood- your brothers will help protect you and destroy the T.O.OL enemies. Every time a friend uses your Brother, you gain valuable experience to help your progress, even if you’re not currently in the game!
Non-stop 3D Action shooter: The waves of T.O.O.L enemies just keep on coming and you and your brother need to have some serious out-of-this-world shooting skills to take those repugnant space bullies down!
The Bros like Big Guns: Tons of insanely powerful Guns, Armor and other explosive power-ups to get your hands on in the F.R.A.G.G.E.D Armory.

Please Read: This version is not available on google play and not available on amazon android appstore.
Google play free version: ads and in app purchase to unlock.
Amazon android appstore free version: ads and in app purchase to unlock.
Premium version: no ads and no in app purchasing.

More Info:
Code:

www.glu.com/game/gun-bros

