In each episode three crimes that share a common theme such as motive, means, or victims are given ten minutes of time apiece. The series concentrated on notorious murders carried out during the 20th century. 

In the beginning of each show a particularly infamous crime would be examined as an example. The words ΓÇ£Infamous Murders now examinesΓÇªΓÇ¥ would follow and the other three murders would be presented.

The series relied on historical documents for visuals rather than reenactments. Dramatic music was used to heighten the narration along with rostrum shots of photographs, and vintage television/film footage.

Episode Guide: 

Angels of Death - Nurses sometimes kill.

Crimes of Prejudice - Deaths of civil-rights workers; political and ethnic killings; murders of gay men. 

Cult Killings - Cult leaders exert huge power over members, sometimes causing them to kill or to commit suicide.

Deadly Doctors - A doctor convicted of killing her daughter-in-law may be innocent; a doctor gets away with the murders of 132 patients; a British doctor may have killed as many as 1,000 female patients.

Deadly Kidnappings - The Lindbergh baby's kidnapping and murder; confused kidnappers take the wrong person; a murderer abducts a young heiress. 

Deadly Ladies - Women sometimes kill. 

Death in the Country - Even America's heartland is not immune to violent crime. 

Evading Justice - Several serial killers evade punishment. 

Evidence of Murder - Crucial evidence sometimes brings killers to justice years later. 

Final Justice - Capital punishment. 

From Coast to Coast - Traveling murderers roam the country or the world in search of victims. 

Gangland Murders - Prohibition-era gangsters fight for supremacy; bank robber John Dillinger becomes public enemy number one. 

Hollywood Murders - A suicide note accompanies the death of a movie producer; in 1935 a screen idol becomes an apparent suicide; in 1958 a teenage daughter is charged with the murder of an actress's boyfriend. 

Horror on the Highways - The anonymity of the highway and the speed of its traffic make it an ideal dumping ground for murderers. 