Howdy! 25 Hillbilly All-Time Greats (ASV) [FLAC] {MKOP}

To say that country has evolved considerably over the years would be an understatement. Play some of the '20s recordings of Jimmie Rodgers, Riley Puckett, and the Carter Family right after hearing something that Patty Loveless or Trisha Yearwood provided 70 years later, and you'll receive a dramatic demonstration of just how much country has changed since its old-time era. Regrettably, old-time country hasn't always been treated respectfully by labels; there are plenty of poorly assembled collections that suffer from lousy sound quality and a lack of liner notes and recording dates. But this British release deserves applause for getting it right. Assembled by the London-based ASV label in 1995, Howdy! 25 Hillbilly All-Time Greats spans 1923-1942 and takes a thoroughly rewarding look at vintage country.

The 76-minute CD gets into early honky tonk with Ernest Tubb's "Walking the Floor Over You" and Western swing with Bob Wills' "New San Antonio Rose" (both from the early '40s), but most of the material is from country's pre-Hank Williams, pre-honky tonk, old-time era -- and that includes hillbilly classics like the Carter Family's "Foggy Mountain Top" (1929), Jimmie Rodgers' "Blue Yodel" (1927), and Wendell Hall's "It Ain't Gonna Rain No Mo'" (which goes back to 1923 and is the oldest track). Overall, ASV's digital remastering is impressive; the label has filtered out a lot of the noise and scratchiness associated with 78-era recordings, which is why Patsy Montana's "I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweetheart" (1936), Gene Autry's "Atlanta Bound" (1931), and Riley Puckett's "Red Wing" (1927) sound much better on Howdy! than they have on other CDs. This excellent compilation gives old-time country the respect it deserves. Howdy! is enthusiastically recommended to both novices and serious collectors.~Alex Henderson (Allmusic)

01. Goin' To The Barn-Dance Tonight - Carl Robison & His Pioneers
02. It Ain't Gonna Rain No Mo' - Wendell Hall
03. The Wreck Of The Old '97 - Vernon Dalhart
04. The Runaway Train - Vernon Dalhart
05. Red Wing - Riley Puckett
06. Blue Yodel - Jimmie Rodgers
07. The Brakeman's Blues - Jimmie Rodgers
08. My Clinch Mountain Home - Carter Family
09. The Foggy Mountain Top - Carter Family
10. Little Bessie - The Alabama Barnstormers
11. She's Too Good For Me - Tex Cole's Mountaineers
12. In The Cumberland Mountains - Carson Tovinson/Frank Luther/Phil Crow
13. When The Curtains Of The Night Are Pinned Back By The Stars - Zora Layman & The Hometowners
14. Atlanta Bound - Gene Autry
15. She Came Rollin' Down The Mountain - Aarons Sisters
16. The Little Old Sod Shanty On My Claim - Marc Williams
17. Ragtime Cowboy Joe - The Hill Billies
18. I Want To Be A Cowboy 's Sweetheart - Patsy Montana & The Prairie Ramblers
19. Meet Me By The Icehouse, Lizzy - The Original Hoosier Hotshots (America's Hill Billy Aces)
20. Wabash Cannon Ball - Roy Acuff & His Crazy Tennesseeans
21. The Golden Lariat - Montana Sil 'The Yodeling Cowboy'
22. New San Antonio Rose - Bob Wills & His Texas Playboys
23. Walkin' The Floor Over You - Ernest Tubb
24. Born To Lose - Ted Daffan & His Texans
25. The West Ain't What It Used To Be - Carson Robison & His Pioneers

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders