nERv

RAW Realms of Ancient War (c) Wizarbox

10/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: RPG


Game description:

Do you have what it takes to survive the Realms of Ancient War

Take control of a fearsome Warrior, a powerful Wizard or a Rogue, and
plunge into a grand quest full of action
The explosive Hack'n'Slash (action/role-playing game) R.A.W takes you, alone
or with a friend in co-operative mode, on a fantasy world ruined by an
ancient and violent war
Level your heroes up, collect more powerful weapons and armor, unlock new
and more devastating spells, and exterminate by the dozens at once the
hordes of enemies that are standing in your way.
Thanks to your talent of incarnation, take control of your most powerful
opponents to unleash their power and seed destruction among your enemys
legions


Features:

During battle, some of your most fearsome enemies, once weakened, will leave a rift to their mind wide openΓÇª take this opportunity to take control of them! Ents, 12-foot tall daemons, Trolls, and other enormous creatures, these dangerous monsters will become avatars for your mind. Once you take control of them, youΓÇÖll be free to seed destruction and death among the enemiesΓÇÖ ranks, making it easier to annihilate your enemies once your mind returns to your body!

Play the adventure with a friend! R.A.W. is playable in coop-mode, and at any time of your play, a friend may join you to give you a hand to face together the assaults of hordes of monsters growing stronger, and help you fulfill your quest!

Make good use of your teamΓÇÖs strengths: for example, while the Warrior is engaging the enemy in melee battle to attract their attention, the Wizard is free to cast his most powerful spells in safety!


Installation Notes:

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game.
4. Copy the content from /Crack directory on the DVD to the install
directory of the game, overwriting existing files
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT

