                                SCARFACE(1983)

         170 min  -  Crime | Drama | Thriller  -   9 December 1983 (USA)

Plot:

In 1980 Miami, a determined Cuban immigrant takes over a drug cartel while succumbing to greed.

 When Fidel Castro opens the harbor at Mariel, Cuba, he sends 125,000 Cuban refugees to reunite with their relatives in the United States. Among all the refugees, there is one who wants it all, his name is Tony Montana. Tony and his friend Manny arrive in the United States and start in small time jobs. Soon, they are hired by Omar Suarez to pay money to a group of Colombians. When the deal goes wrong, Tony and Manny leave with the money and succeed in their job. Soon Tony meets with drug kingpin Frank Lopez and falls for his boss's girl, Elvira. Pretty soon Tony will know that those who want it all, do not last forever; that is the price of power. The world will know Montana by one name....SCARFACE. 


                 Director: Brian De Palma.  Writer: Oliver Stone 
 

               Stars: Al Pacino, Michelle Pfeiffer and Steven Bauer 


This is quite a large file, larger than i would have liked it to be, based on the lenght the film runs and that its old and hasnt changed much in the picture quality since i think it got released back in 83.  I riped this from the "2 disc special edition" but even so, the picture quality like i say hasnt had much changed since the original so i didnt want to upload the smaller size i tried as it has to much detial loss.
So this 2gb size for the lenght of the film and age is the safest bet for me i think.  Hope its not to big for people who may be realy want it but cant spare the bandwidth. (i'll upload smaller copy anyways and see with a few tweaks if i can keep as much of the detail as possible)..


Video Codec: mp4v

Frame Widht: 740

Frame Hieght: 400

Data Rate: 1753kbps

Total Bitrate: 1881kbps

Frame Rate: 25fps


Audio Codec: mpga

Channels: Stereo

Sample Rate: 48000 Hz

Bitrate: 128kbps


                        http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086250/