official website: 
 
http://www.finalemusic.com/PrintMusic/Default.aspx




Create & print publisher-quality sheet music.
Finale PrintMusic is the fast, easy way to bring your music to life with professional results.

Arrange full ensembles and extract individual parts
Play your music with professional sounds and nuance
Share your music with iPod-ready MP3 files
From the creators of Finale®, the world’s leading music notation software, PrintMusic is perfect for arrangers, composers, teachers, band and choir directors, church musicians, students, and other musicians.

Spend more time making music and 
less time learning software.
Easy Set-up
Get started right away. The Setup Wizard configures key and time signatures, transpositions, pickup measures, and more - instantly. Want an engraved or handwritten look? Select a document style to personalize the appearance of your music.

Easy Entry
PrintMusic lets you compose and arrange the way you want. Easily put notes on the page with these flexible options:

Click notes into place with a mouse – and hear them as you do.
Play your MIDI keyboard with a metronome and watch your music appear on screen in real time.
Enter notes in step-time from your computer or MIDI keyboard.
Scan your music with SmartScore® Lite (included).
Import MIDI and MusicXML files.
Play a brass or woodwind instrument into a microphone using our exclusive MicNotator®.
Incredible Sound
Your compositions sound great with PrintMusic’s advanced playback features:

Free Software Synthesizer with 128 instrument sounds and marching percussion sounds from Row-Loff™.
Add more sounds with external sound libraries. (VST/AU instruments and effects libraries are sold separately.)
Human Playback™ to give your music nuance, as if performed by live musicians.
Band-in-a-Box® Auto-Harmonizing adds harmonies to your melodies.
Save your music as an audio file to burn CDs or save on an iPod.
Powerful mixer fine-tunes your playback.
More
Create up to 24 staves and print your score or parts: Finale® technology ensures world-class output.
Unlimited number of lyric verses. Lyrics are automatically spaced with publisher-quality precision.
Transpose to any key and for any instrument.
Add dynamics, tempos, percussion notation, chord symbols, guitar fretboards and tablature, articulations, handbell graphics, and more.
Share your music with others using the free, downloadableShare your music with others using the free, downloadable Finale NotePad®.
QuickStart videos show you how – on your computer screen – and a quick reference guide for common tasks is included.
