
Circus Ponies NoteBook is an ideal solution for users who are sick and tired of spending their time trying to stay organized.

From simple tasks to massive projects, Circus Ponies NoteBook handles it all, so you can stop spending hours doing what should take just minutes.

Here are four ways NoteBook will save you time every day:

Keep Everything Organized in One Place:

With NoteBook, you create electronic notebooks to hold your information, perhaps one per class, task, or project. A notebook is a familiar and natural way to keep things organized, and saves time just like a paper notebook saves time over notes and documents piled on your desk or stuffed in a drawer.

Clip Things You Find and Deal With Them Later:

Whether research on the web or to-dos in e-mail, just select and clip it to a page in your Notebooks. Clipping happens in the background so you aren't thrown into another app and forced to spend time regaining your train of thought. And when doing web research NoteBook saves the page's URL with each clipping, so you don't waste time later trying to get back to that page.

No More Struggling to Organize Projects in the Finder:

The Finder was designed to work with documents, so it's difficult to add a simple note to a project folder. And if you've ever tried to organize documents in the Finder you've probably resorted to elaborate naming schemes to force them to appear in a particular order. Even after all of this effort, it's still just a long list of stuff.
With NoteBook, pages can contain not only text, but also attachments, so you can keep your project's documents right with your notes, stored directly within the Notebook. Double-click an attachment to open and edit it in the app that created it.

Find Anything Instantly, not Eventually:

NoteBook's patented Multidex helps you quickly find things based on what little you remember about them. So if you're looking for a note that mentions someone's name you might see it on the Capitalized Words page. Or if you remember you entered it last Thursday the Creation Dates page shows you everything you added to your Notebook last Thursday. And so on. No more time wasted sifting through hundreds of results from a simple text search.
The minutes NoteBook saves you each day add up to extra hours each week.



Requirements

PPC / Intel
Mac OS X 10.5.8 or later