S  K  I  D  R  O  W 

the leading force proudly presents:

Vessel (c) Strange Loop Games 

RELEASE NOTES: 

Living liquid machines have overrun this world of unstoppable progress and it is the role of their 
inventor, Arkwright, to stop the chaos they are causing. Vessel is a game about a man with the power 
to bring ordinary matter to life, and all the consequences that ensue 

FEATURES: 

Liquid Gameplay: Vessel is built on an optimized liquid simulation featuring flowing water, scalding 
lava and steam, reactant chemicals glowing goo, the mysterious \'protoplasm\', and more. Each liquid 
has unique properties and mixes with other liquids for dramatic effects 

Bring Liquid to Life: Interact with Fluro creatures that are formed entirely from simulated liquid. 
Each retains the properties of the liquid they\'re made of, giving them the ability to melt, reform 
absorb, explode, and more 

Unique Puzzles: Solve puzzles by combining the unique behaviors of each creature with the fluid they\'re
created from. Every aspect of the world is physically simulated, and all puzzles are based in the liquid 
simulation. Drop a \'Drinker\' Fluro and lure him by spraying goo. Create a Dark Fluro and chase him with 
light. Liquid and physics are not an aesthetic in Vessel, but the foundation of gameplay 

2D/3DHybrid Art Style: Explore a world of fantastic, detailed machines and strange, wondrous environments. 
2D hand-drawn textures combined with 3D normal maps, lighting, and depth creates a unique other worldly 
look to the visuals 

Upgrade your Equipment: Use the mysterious protoplasm liquid found in the world to upgrade your equipment, 
obtaining powerful new ways to manipulate liquid 

Jon Hopkins Soundtrack: Features a full length soundtrack by electronic music prodigy Jon Hopkins, 
internationally renowned for his work with Brian Eno, Imogen Heap and Coldplay 

01-03-2012....Release Date  Protection...................Steam 
Action...........Game Type  Disk(s)......................1 DVD 

INSTALL NOTES:

1. Mount or burn image 
2. Install 
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation 
4. Play the game 
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy! 
 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/2lwl.jpg