nERv

Dishonored Update 1 (v1.2) (c) Bethesda Softworks

12/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
- :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action, Adventure

Note: A text file with a list of what's new has been included!

Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as a
supernatural assassin driven by revenge.  With Dishonored's flexible combat
system, creatively eliminate your targets as you combine the supernatural
abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal. Pursue your enemies
under the cover of darkness or ruthlessly attack them head on with weapons
drawn. The outcome of each mission plays out based on the choices you make.

Dishonored is set in Dunwall, an industrial whaling city where strange
steampunk- inspired technology and otherworldly forces coexist in the
shadows. You are the once-trusted bodyguard of the beloved Empress. Framed
for her murder, you become an infamous assassin, known only by the disturbing
mask that has become your calling card. In a time of uncertainty, when the
city is besieged by plague and ruled by a corrupt government armed with
industrial technologies, dark forces conspire to bestow upon you abilities
beyond those of any common man  but at what cost? The truth behind your
betrayal is as murky as the waters surrounding the city, and the life you
once had is gone forever.

Features
* Improvise and Innovate
Approach each assassination with your own style of play. Use shadow and
sound to your advantage to make your way silently through levels unseen
by foes, or attack enemies head-on as they respond to your aggression.
The flexible combat system allows you to creatively combine your
abilities, supernatural powers and gadgets as you make your way through
the levels and dispatch your targets. Improvise and innovate to define
your play style.
* Supernatural Abilities
Teleport for stealth approaches, possess any living creature, or stop
time itself to orchestrate unearthly executions! Combining your suite of
supernatural abilities and weapons opens up even more ways to overcome
obstacles and eliminate targets.  The game's upgrade system allows for
the mastery of deadly new abilities and devious gadgets.

1. Copy files into your <install> dir, overwriting existing files.
2. Play the game.
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!