TORRENT CONTAINS:
A RISING FALL novel by C. Sean McGee
A Rising Fall Musical cd by Adam james keane
Poetry and Rhyming by C. Sean McGee
Short Stories by C. Sean McGee

A Rising fall - Dystopian/Philosophical novel by C. Sean McGee

Requirements: ePub, Mobi Reader, 320, 404 KB - PDF Reader, 1.2 MB

Overview: The first novel in a philosophical / dystopian trilogy entitled CITY: aliteraryconcerto 

Summary: Don't live your life in summary. Read the book.

Likeness: We / Brave New World / His Dark Materials

Quotes: "I don't love you, I love myself when I am with you" 
- The Elderly Scientist
"Love as One, live as you love"
- Collective Prayer
"Respect is earned by effort not age, all things age without 
effort"
- The Behemoth
"When I am alone and at being with fear I will my delusion away
for the night that is here will soon disappear and return me to
being at day"
- Safrine (trapped in isolation)
Genre: Dystopian/Philosophical novel

A Rising fall, book 1 in the dystopian trilogy entitled CITY:aliteraryconcerto

Complete copy of dystopian philosophical novel:  A Rising Fall by Irish/Australian philosopher & artist C. Sean McGee

I am publisher and writer of this work and am uploading to curious downloaders for free. If you want to support my art, you can buy a paperback copy of the book for US$20 and have something neat, attractive and tangible to sit on your dresser. If not, enjoy the free digital version. Either way, drop by to the sites mentioned at the end of the book and tell me what you think.

Thank you for your curiosity and enjoy. It's a hell of a ride.

CITY:aliteraryconcerto  BOOK001:AR1S1NGFALL

Coming Soon:
BOOK011: Utopian Circus (completed)
Coffee and Sugar (in produciton)
BOOK111: iCannibal
Oh Culto !
Coffee Tales (11 short stories)
John the Monster


contact: cseanmcgee@hotmail.com		

Free Art for you

If you want to buy a paperback copy of the book for US$15, contact the above email. All digital formats of my books are will always be free for you.
But digital copies look less sexy on your bookshelf.

Take Risk and Take Care,

C. Sean McGee			