Polya and Yulia  

951 Pictures in 16 Sets  900 x 1200


Polya               http://bayimg.com/OapajAadb

Yulia               http://bayimg.com/oApAkAaDB

Polya and Yulia     http://bayimg.com/OApaLAADB


Name:       Polya  
Country:    Ukraine 
Weight:     52kg 
Height:     175cm 
Age:        23 
Occupation: Stripper and Model 


Looking at Polya now, you would never know that once upon a time Polya had very little confidence, and next to zero self-esteem.
What a difference a few years can make. Once Polya reached maturity her body began to take root into the woman she is today. The same boys who laughed and teased Polya growing up now begged and pleaded for the chance to date her. Of course Polya is much too smart to give them the time of day, and it is far too fun to toy and tease them anyway.
These days, Polya is no stranger to turning heads. She works on occasion at a strip club in the Ukraine, dancing for exclusive clients who appreciate her soft delicate facial features and long slender body. In her spare time she even models on occasion, having been featured in Perfect 10 Magazine.

These days, Polya has a boyfriend who treats her like the royal beauty she is. We are sure he is rewarded handsomely for his efforts.


Name:       Yulia  
Country:    Ukraine 
Weight:     48kg 
Height:     176cm 
Age:        20 
Occupation: Stripper


We all know the story about the ugly duckling who grows up to be a beautiful swan. 
BUT HERE at Hegre-Art we can better that. Yulia was really a rather plain little girl - but, wow, she has become the most gorgeous swan in the Ukraine. To add another intriguing layer to the story, Luba was friends with Yulia when they were children and lived in the same neighborhood. 
We are lucky to have Yulia. She works as a strip dancer in the best clubs and with her naturally curly hair and pixie Asian face, she has the exotic looks that brings the customers back to see her night after night. She is no stranger to modeling either, having posed nude before and was even featured in Perfect 10. 

Yulia says she's not interested in boys right now and is much more concerned with living out her youth and having fun.