S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Doom 3 BFG Edition (c) Bethesda Softworks

16-10-2012......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
FPS................Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

DOOM 3 BFG Edition is the ultimate collection of games that defined the
first person shooter including DOOM, DOOM II, DOOM 3, and DOOM 3:
Resurrection of Evil, and The Lost Mission.

Features:

A Classic Remastered:
Developed by id Software, the original team responsible for the
franchise legacy, DOOM 3 BFG Edition features Steam Achievements,
improved rendering and lighting, and a new checkpoint save system
allowing for smoother progression through the game. id has fine-tuned
the controls to bringing even more intensity to the DOOM single and
multiplayer experience and all DOOM 3 games now feature the new
armor-mounted flashlight, allowing players to illuminate dark corners
and blast enemies at the same time.

Stunning 3D Visuals:
DOOM 3, Resurrection of Evil and the all-new Lost Mission have all
been optimized in stereoscopic 3D (on supported hardware), further
immersing the player in the demonic world of this terrifying horror
masterpiece.

The Lost Mission:
DOOM 3 BFG Edition includes an all-new chapter in the DOOM 3 experience
"The Lost Mission", featuring eight heart-pounding single player levels
and a completely new storyline that will have players once again on the
edge of their seats.

The Ultimate Collection:
As a special bonus, DOOM 3 BFG Edition will also include the original
DOOM and DOOM II games, making it the definitive collection of the
revolutionary games developed by id Software, the studio that pioneered
the first-person shooter genre.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://imgon.net/di-X3SO.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://imgon.net/di-ENC4.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-04BL.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-118Z.jpg


ENJOY!