nERv

Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion Update v1.03 (c) Ironclad Games

06/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam + Stardock
- :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy

Check included .txt for a list of what's new!

While many were hopeful that diplomacy would finally end the war,
differing opinions on what should be done, along with the depleted
power of the controlling factions, has led to a splintering of the
groups involved.

The loyalist members of the Trader Emergency Coalition adopt a policy of
isolation, focusing on enhanced defenses to ride out the rest of the war.
Those who rebel against the coalition take on a purely militant view,
coming to the opinion that the only way to bring peace is by ultimately
crushing all who oppose them - especially xenos.

For the first time in their history, the war creates a schism in
the Advent Unity. The loyalists seek to continue their policy of revenge
against the Traders, and to assimilate all others to the Unity's influence.
However, others amongst the Advent suspect that a corrupting influence
from within has diverted the Unity from its proper destiny.

The divide created in the Vasari Empire is less pronounced,
but just as severe to their people. With the Vasari now practically
frantic to move on to new space, the loyalist faction abandons cooperation
and decides to take the resources they need by any means necessary.
Having accepted the need to work together, the rebel faction feels that
their best chance for survival is to work with the other races and bring
them along to flee the approaching enemy.

Take the battle for galactic supremacy to its ultimate level in
Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion - a standalone RT4X game that combines
the tactics of real-time strategy with the depth of
the 4X genre (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate).

1. Copy this update into your game installation dir.
2. Play the game. We recommend not going online with it, as usual.
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!