English | CBZ and CBR | 8 Issues

Countdown to Mystery #1-8
Publisher:  DC Comics
Publication Date:  September 2007 - May 2008

Two incredible features that shine a light on the dark places in the DCU! First, Kent Nelson walks the road of destiny and dons the Helmet of Fate! Then, learn the secrets of the villain Eclipso as it makes its way across the DCU to sway heroes to its side!

Countdown To Mystery #1 (of 8)
The Helmet of Fate has chosen its new bearer: Kent Nelson--a man so far down on his luck, he doesn't know what luck is! The transformative nature of the helmet grants him powers he can't begin to comprehend, but will they make his life better, or even worse? Plus, Eclipso becomes the temptress of the DCU, bribing its heroes to the dark side in more ways than one!

Countdown to Mystery #2 (of 8)
Doctor Fate faces a steep learning curve when it comes to mastering his new powers as he faces "The Devourer of Souls" in Las Vegas! Plus, Eclipso has discovered Plastic Man's weak point: attacking him through his son, the Titan known as Offspring!

Countdown To Mystery #3 (of 8)
Eclipso continues her maniacal mission to corrupt the heroes of the DCU! Plus, Doctor Fate enters a simple storefront that introduces him to a woman who will change his life!

Countdown To Mystery #4 (of 8)
Kent Nelson falls off the wagon and into despair, which would be miserable enough for an obscure, powerless individual--but Kent possesses the helmet and identity of Doctor Fate! Plus, a shocking new development in the life of Eclipso!

Countdown To Mystery #5 (of 8)
The return of Eclipso is bad news for the DC Universe, but it's worse news for Bruce Gordon, the man who originally held the Black Diamond and terrorized the world as Eclipso! Plus, Dr. Fate continues to struggle with his new responsibilities!

Countdown To Mystery #6 (of 8)
Bruce Gordon didn't ask to become the new Eclipso, but the force of evil incarnate is his responsibility to control now--with the help of the otherworldly Crispus Allen! Plus, Dr. Fate's demons are within as well as without, as he too needs the aid of others to help tame them.

Countdown To Mystery #7 (of 8)
What good is magic? The Helmet of Fate hasn't helped Kent Nelson pick up the pieces of his shattered life. And don't ask Bruce Gordon, because you'll get an answer that will lead you to believe Eclipso is helping his sundered life! Can Crispus Allen convince him otherwise?

Countdown To Mystery #8 (of 8)
Eclipso is once more bound to Bruce Gordon! Is Gordon arrogant enough to believe he can control this power in order to fix his own life? Plus, the finale to the tale of the new Dr. Fate and his journey toward redemption!