Artist: Aaron Burton
Title Of Album: Rising Sun
Year Of Release: 2011
Label: Aaron Burton
Genre: Blues, Acoustic Blues, Delta Blues
Quality: Mp3
Bitrate: 320 kbps
Total Time: 44:49 Min
Total Size: 109 Mb

Tracklist:

01. Rising Sun
02. I'll Get Mine
03. Evil Hearted Woman
04. Baton Rouge
05. I Won't Do That No More
06. Jamie Lee
07. I Feel So Good
08. Rockabilly Girl
09. Store Bought Melons
10. You Got Me Hooked
11. Tried And True
12. Leaving Blues #2

Aaron Burton is a young Texan guitarist/mandolinist/vocalist who plays country/traditional blues with a distinctly Texan spin having the talent, like our own Ian Siegal, to sound black , traditional and authentic but at the same time highly relevant to today s blues scene. Backed by a crack band that features Pat Boyack (lead guitar), Stompin Bill Johnston (harp), Christian Dozzler (piano/accordion), Sonny Collie (bass) and Dick Cordes (drums), Burton delivers twelve fine blues that could well have been recorded back in the 40s or early 50s. The title track is a deep North Mississippi Hill Country styled blues replete with downhome harp and almost spiritual vocals accentuated by a call and response holler I ll Get Mine segues into Tampa Red territory, a loping blues fuelled by warbling harp Evil Hearted Woman has a plaintive Nighthawk feel to both the vocals and the slide, the Nighthawk influence again to the fore on Baton Rouge which predictably features fine swamp harp and honky-tonk piano. Dozzler s accordion adds immeasurably to the wistful Cajun feel of I Won t Do That No More Tampa Red meets Jimmy Rogers on the compelling I Feel So Good whilst Dozzler s accordion is again to the fore on the melancholy swamp pop of Rockabilly Girl . Add in Leaving Blues #2 where Burton sounds like a Chi-Town Willie McTell the jaunty Crescent City inspired You Got Me Hooked , with it s fine harp and the hypnotic Hill Country influenced instrumental Tried And True with its tribal drumming and you have a set that will delight all lovers of quality traditional country blues.


