 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 49 - Barry Smith - What On Earth Is Going On



 



POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 49 - Barry Smith - What On Earth Is Going On


 
http://www.barrysmith.org.nz/


POtHS Comment: Well Done

Description:


Gone to be with Jesus on 27 June 2002, while preaching in England.


If you would like to read some of the messages of condolence left
on our site between 2002 and 2006, please click here.

Statement from Andrew Smith on behalf of the Smith Family

First and foremost, Barry was more than a public figure to us, he was an extremely loving husband to Mum (May) - and a dedicated father to his children. He travelled extensively, speaking internationally, but maintained daily contact with each member of the family wherever possible…we spoke with him two hours before he died in a hospital in Worchester, England. He had been unwell for a few days, and was under observation when he went to be with Jesus. He knew he was about to leave having told a friend (Apollo Perelini) two days before "I’m really tired Apollo, I’ll be going home soon". Apollo said "Back to NZ Uncle Barry?" He replied "No – to be with my Lord".

His legacy – is that he has left his family completely secure with regard to where he has gone – and we’re thrilled for him, we’ll be with him again soon! And – he loved people – teaching us that people are far more important than material things.

Wherever I go I meet people who have come to know Jesus as a result of my Dad, through his preaching, books and videos or meeting him personally. He wasn’t interested in being popular – he just wanted people to know how to find peace with God! He made the gospel very clear…kind of like the last of the Mohicans in terms of his no nonsense approach in presenting the gospel.

Known for relating current events to Bible prophecy, he didn’t like the title of ‘prophet’...simply, he wasn’t one. Barry called himself a talker – who gave a commentary of world events and Bible prophecy.

He wasn’t loved by everybody – some accused him of scaring people into the Kingdom of God – he maintained that going to hell was scary, but that the alternative, the gift of God, was brilliant – and that people could always readjust their motives later.

Out of the pulpit – Barry was a real character. He didn’t just talk about being a Christian, he was one. Those who knew him personally knew him as a humorous, funny man – always laughing or speaking about Jesus! His favourite verse – John 3:30, "He must increase, but I must decrease."

In the last year he talked about going to Heaven a lot – he always has really. Back in the 80’s he had a quadruple bypass operation which extended his life by around 15 years. We, his family, are grateful! We have been quietly preparing for Dad’s departure for some time – I spoke with him by phone a couple of hours before he died and he was in great spirits, although weak as a result of a minor heart attack. He was hoping to get on his flight home today (Friday 28th)…

Am I proud of him? Definitely – as a family we all are! He was a real man of God in and out of the pulpit. He left no doubt as to his destination and desire to be with Jesus. He made it clear that we can see him again soon…a very responsible man.

We miss him, and there is a lot to sort out, but he prepared us for this event and in his own words, "This is not the end – it’s just the beginning."

Andrew E Smith

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH.  Other Torrents in this Series at
 

Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below
 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                       Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                            End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                            Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                               Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                         Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                       Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                       Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod          Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

      (thankyou) :thankyou:    (thankyou) :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    



 



         
                           