[Software INFO:]
================
Driver Genius 12.0.0.1211 Final Multilangual | 17.5 Mb


Driver Genius Professional is a professional driver management tool features both driver management and hardware diagnostics. Driver Genius provides such practical functions as driver backup, restoration, update and removal for computer users. If you often reinstall your operating system, you may not forget such painful experiences of searching all around for all kinds of drivers. If unfortunately you have lost your driver CD, the search will be more troublesome and time-consuming. Now with the driver backup function of Driver Genius, you can backup all drivers in your computer before reinstalling, and restore them with the driver restoration function after system reinstallation has been completed. This will dramatically save your time for driver installation during the system installation procedure, and you will no longer worry about where to find a driver. Besides, you can create an automatic installation package for all drivers in your system by Driver Genius. After you have reinstalled your operating system, you can restore all your drivers in just a click by this automatic restoration program. It???s really convenient.


Driver Genius can automatically find driver for a device that the system can???t find a driver for it. It can recognize the name and vendor???s information of the device, and directly provide download URL for the required driver. Driver Genius also supports online updates for drivers of existing hardware devices. There are recent drivers for such hardware devices as motherboards, video cards, sound cards, network cards, modems, monitors, mice, keyboards, digital cameras, video capture cards, etc. on Driver Genius web site. Besides, there are daily updates for many drivers on our site. Our customers can obtain information for latest drivers by Driver Genius???s LiveUpdate program, which can synchronize to the database on our site.

Driver Genius Professional Features
1. Find latest driver for your computer. One click to update all drivers.
2. Automatically check for driver updates, make your drivers are always up-to-date.
3. Quickly backs up drivers installed in the system. Free to backup all drivers now!
4. Package all drivers to an executable auto installer. One click to restore all drivers.
5. Remove invalid or useless drivers, improve system performance and stability.
6. New system information tool. Detailed hardware inventory.