When alienated teenager Lucy Meredith, feeling fed up with her dead-end job, negligent parents and the way things ended with her last and only boyfriend, attempts to take her own life, she is met with quite the surprise; instead of encountering the oblivion that she had hoped for, Lucy soon finds herself to be slowly waking up to a bitter chill and the feeling of snowflakes falling on her nose. Lucy clambers to her feet, and tucks her hands inside of her thin t-shirt to keep them warm as she paces about shivering in the cold. Discovering that she is in a strange forest at night-time, Lucy knows that if she doesn't find somewhere warm to stay soon, she might die, again, and this time she might not be so lucky as to wake up again.

After some tense minutes of desperately calling out for help, Lucy's crys are eventually answered by two young people walking through the forest; a handsome boy who carries with him a curious scientific instrument inside of a wooden box, which he refuses to reveal the function of to Lucy, and an equally gorgeous vivacious redheaded girl, who has trouble speaking in English and a habit of saying fuck off, and fuck you whenever she feels excited, which is often. 

The pair ask Lucy what she is doing out in the middle of the forest at night. They tell her that it is not safe to be there and Lucy soon learns from them that there is a horrible plague spreading across the lands, one that is rumoredly engineered and proliferated by an evil mad man, a man who it is the pair's jobs as state-appointed detectives to track down and capture. 

Will the group find the culprit in time, especially after one of it's members has succumbed to the virus themselves? Will Lucy find reason to live again, and be able to return to her own world even if she wants to? The answers to these questions are included within, as are many of Lucy's adventures which find her, amongst other things; sleeping with both of the detectives at the same time, riding on the backs of giant frogs and birds, living with a bevy of gorgeous bare chested, loin cloth wearing jungle boys amongst a rebel village built high up amongst the canopy of a rainforest, and lastly deep in the still wet, dripping bowels of an evil villian's giant-spider-infested mud castle located in the midst's of a rotten swamp. It is here that Lucy must confront her fears and will learn that death doesn't always play fair.

