Playboy Boogie (Krazy Kat) [FLAC] {MKOP}

Another one of the gems on the Krazy Kat reissue label, this disc is drawn from the catalog of Star-Talent Records, a teeny-tiny Dallas, Texas label that floated around the peripheries of the vibrant Big D Jamboree radio show in the late '40s and early '50s. The sound quality on most of these ancient recordings is fairly rough, but the material is priceless, capturing the rough-hewn, jovial mood of the early 'Fifties honkytonk crowd. As implied by the title, there's a bluesy streak throughout this disc, as well as a strong (but effective) penchant for novelty tunes. Most of the artists are real nonentities (which makes discovering them even more enjoyable) but the Talent label also had a few hits, notably by Riley Crabtree and Hoyle Nix. What marks this disc, though, is the sheer goofy fun of the songs -- it's well-programmed and very listenable. Recommended! ~DJ Joe Sixpack  

''Great, super-rare honkytonk & western swing ''
		
01. Buddy Walker - We've Lived a Lie
02. Boots & Buddies - Next Sunday Darling is My Birthday
03. Hoyle Nix - I'm All Alone
04. Tex Melton - It Won't Do Baby
05. Aline McManus & Jack Padgett - Television Boogie
06. Jack Padgett - Boogie Woogie Gal
07. Seven Rowe Brothers - Polk County Two Step
08. Cowboy Dixon - Everything's Gonna Be Changed
09. Buster Doss - Playboy Boogie
10. Johnny Mathis - Tell Me Why
11. Johnnie Bee - Hang-Over Blues
12. Buster Doss - Graveyard Boogie
13. Snuffy Smith - Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide
14. Hoyle Nix - You're Throwing Your Life Away
15. Riley Crabtree - If My Tears Were Gold
16. Wayne Singleton - Mistreated Blues
17. Ray Rogers - Mississippi Blues
18. Hank Harral - Red Barn Boogie
19. Hank Harral - A Smile Won't Hide A Broken Heart
20. Freddie Burns - Two Piano Boogie
21. Freddie Burns - Juke Box Boogie
22. Hoyle Nix - May You Never Break A Heart Like You Broke Mine
23. Burns Brothers - I Can Sleep Again At Night
24. Slim Willet - I'm A Tool Pusher from Snyder
25. Slim Willet - I'm Going Strong
26. Wayne Walker - Who's Kiddin' Who
27. Sunny Burns - Agreed to Disagree
28. Hank Harral - Dream Band Boogie

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders