PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


"C  O  N  S  P  I  R  A  C  Y"

Volume 003

Eye of The Phoenix - History of The USA

POtHS - Conspiracy - 003 - Eye of The Phoenix - History of The USA - 5 of 5


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long.


POtHS Comment:  These are outstanding Films if you want to know why America and This World is so Messed up.


Discription:   Storyline

Secret Mysteries Vol. III focuses on the development of the new world as "The United States of America". This video will demonstrate that the history of America's government, and of its official symbols, is a history of secret societies. Examine America's much-talked-about dollar bill and the symbols it bears. Modern masonry claims that the all-seeing eye floating above the pyramid is not a Masonic symbol. But what did Freemason's President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and his Masonic Vice President, Henry Wallace, believe when they attached this symbol to our currency in 1935? How were these American leaders influenced by the Russian mystic, Nicholas Roerich? Does the all-seeing eye represent the Masonic Christ? Was the eagle originally a phoenix bird? And what do all these occult symbols mean? Follow the journey of the Secret Mysteries series as we unveil their influence through the 20th century... Written by Christian J. Pinto    

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 
