

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 128 - Jim Wilhelmsen - Angels Demons Nephilim and Aliens


POtHS Comment: His BLOOD is the only thing that Redeems us.

Description:

Angels Demons Nephilim and Aliens (Parts 1-4) by Rev. Jim Wilhelmsen:
Are angels physical beings? What are demons? How do the two relate to the Nephilim or Aliens. This video will answer these questions and more from the Bible using the Bible and not man made rhetoric.  Demons what are they and what do they have to do with the returning Nephilim from Genesis 6 Everything you need to know from the Bible.

The Nephilim and the Gibbowr are they the same being? How do the Giants of Genesis 6 relate to Legends, Myths, History and Archeology of Giants. How does this tie into the hollow earth and the descendants of Cain who were sentenced to this area. Here is some evidence to consider.  The final part of the series is the Dark alliance of human and non-human entities that create the real Army of Darkness. There are Biblical patterns that can tell us who is behind all of this as Satan's counterpart to Christ. Compelling evidence shows many Prophetic events have already happened as recorded history but not understood for what they really are. Comprehensive all of the scriptures are presented here as evidence to consider.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 



undefined