FROM WIKIPEDIA:
YuruYuri is a television anime series produced by Dogakobo based on the comedy manga series by Namori, which is published in Comic Yuri Hime.  The series follows the everyday lives of Akari, Kyoko, Yui and Chinatsu who make up the Amusement Club at their school.  The first series aired AT-X between July 5 and September 20, 2011 and was simulcast on Crunchyroll.  The opening theme is "The Great YuriYurarararaYuruYuri Incident" (Yuriyurarararayuruyuri Daijiken?) by Minami Tsuda, Rumi Ōkubo, Shiori Mikami and Yuka Ōtsubo, whilst the ending theme is "Let's Go at My Pace" (Mai Pēsu de Ikimashō?) by Tsuda, Ōkubo, Mikami and Ōtsubo.  A second season, titled YuruYuri♪♪, began airing in Japan from July 2, 2012 and is also being simulcast by Crunchyroll.  For the second season, the opening theme is "Yes! YuYuYu☆YuruYuri♪♪" (Iesu! YuYuYu☆YuruYuri♪♪?) by Tsuda, Ookubo, Mikami and Ootsubo whilst the ending theme is "100% Middle Schooler" (Hyakku Pāsento Chu~ Gakusei?) by Tsuda, Ookubo, Mikami and Ootsubo.  The opening theme for episode six of the second season is "Yonde Mirakurun" by Ayana Taketatsu whilst the ending theme for episode eight is "Girl's Power" (Gāruzu Pawā de?) by Tsuda and Ōkubo.




At the time I uploaded this to TPB, the first season is complete (obviously, as this torrent contains the complete first season), but the second season only has eight episodes out (one comes out every week).  Once season 2 is complete I'll create a torrent and put it up here.  I'll probably be able to do so within a day or two of the last episode coming out, but in the meantime, if you finish season 1 and want to go on, you can download some of season 2 from FFFPeepsas they release it.  This also means that when I make the season 2 torrent the subbing group will be FFFPeeps instead of HorribleSubs (which is what this torrent is).

This torrent was originally hosted on Demonoid but now that it's dead (RIP) this little guy needs a new home.  Please seed, and if you can, upload this to other sites as well.  This is a very high quality torrent and I'd be sad to see it die right after I rescued it from Demonoid (well, I'm sure HorribleSubs has a backup but whatever).  In fact, this was the very last torrent that I downloaded from the site.  It finished literally right before Demonoid went down, so I feel very lucky that I was able to grab it in time.  Anyways, sorry for boring you.  Just download, remember to seed, and enjoy!




FILE INFO, BASIC:
  Filetype: Matroska (MKV)
  Length: About 24 minutes per episode
  Language: Japanese audio, English subs
  Quality: 720p

FILE INFO, AS REPORTED BY VLC:
  Stream 0
     Type: Video
     Codec: H264-MPEG-4 AVC (part 10) (avc1)
     Resolution: 1280x720
     Frame rate: 23.810092
     Decoded format: Planar 4:2:0 YUV
  Stream 1
     Type: Audio
     Codec: MPEG AAC Audio (mp4a)
     Channels: Stereo
     Sample rate: 44100 Hz
  Stream 2
     Type: Subtitle
     Codec: SubStation Alpha subtitles (SSA)