                       L i n e Z e r 0 !


                        p r e s e n t s        

                        
          Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate v5.7.4
 
                 Release Date : 2012-03-04                
                     Nfo Date : 2012-03-04                  
     
       Num. Disks : xx/05                   OS : Windows
       Nfo Time : 13:37                     Rel Type : Keygen
       racker : Team Lz0                    Archive : lz0*.zip
       Packer : Team Lz0                    Rating : Your choice
       Supplier : Team Lz0                  Language : English
       Protection : Serial

       Requirements : N/A  
       : Always use a firewall.
       Publisher URL : http://http://www.wondershare.net/
       Publisher : -

            (-)  Keyfile / License          (-)  Emulator
            (-)  Patch                      (-)  Serial
            (-)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (-)  Retail
            (x)  Keygen                     (-)  Trainer
            (-)  Loader                     (-)  Other


                           1999 - 2012


             + I N F O +


     Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate is a professional tool       
     that will enable you to convert DVDs to video and burn videos     
     to DVD.
  
     You can convert both SD and HD videos to any video format for     
     your portable media player or cell phone including iPod           
     (Classic, Nano and Touch), iPhone, Apple TV, Zune, PSP, Pocket    
     PC, Creative Zen, Archos, and 3GP mobile phones, etc.             

     You can rip DVD to video in any format for enjoying them on       
     your mobile devices on the go. You can also burn video to DVD     
     and edit DVD from video for playback on your home DVD player.     

     Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate is surprisingly easy and     
     amusing for family media enjoyment, by allowing you to merge      
     multiple files into one file, to clone a file, to clip one        
     file into multiple segments, to trim the file length, to crop     
     video, to adjust video effect, to edit either text or image       
     watermark, to add subtitle, to set video and audio output         
     settings, to capture images from video/DVD files, to customize    
     DVD menu and so on.


     + I N S T A L L +


     1) Unpack and install.
     2) Use the key generator to generate a valid serial.
     3) Enjoy this release!

     NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that        
           the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall    
           to avoid any problems. Further, when running our            
           keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin         
           rights while in Vista/Win7 to ensure that it has            
           enough privileges.