Buttman.Focused.4.DiSC1.XXX.DVDRip.x264-VBT
Buttman.Focused.4.DiSC2.XXX.DVDRip.x264-VBT

Starring : Alexis Texas, Dana DeArmond, Allie Haze, Krissy Lynn, London Keyes, Brooklyn Lee, Adrianna Nicole, Jynx Maze, Aiden Starr, Amy Brooke, Liza Del Sierra, Franceska Jaimes, Tori Lux, Jandi Lin, Claire Adams, Kara Price, Charlotte Vale , Monica Santhiago, Anita Blue, Angel Vain, Briella Bounce, Cheyenne Jewel, Eloa Lombard 

A 'Focused' Perspective Of What You Obsess Over! Plus 3 Hours Of Focused Ass! What is Focused? Focused is concentrated porn. Each section is one theme, with many different girls. Just ass, just boobs, just camel toes, just buttholes, etc. 15 Different obsessions. No chit chat, just the good stuff. Focused: The best fix for your fetish! -John Buttman Stagliano John 'Buttman' Stagliano Loves Sex Training Young Performers to REACH erotic Their Potential, and He Films Their Private Sessions for HIS 'Buttman's Stretch Class' videos. The legendary pornographic artist has found an exciting, meaningful new way to present this action: In his 'Buttman Focused' series, John organizes clips according to sexual images and acts, giving the viewer concentrated doses of specific fetishistic flavors. 'Buttman Focused 4' is a two-disc deluxe set, a six-and-a-half-hour bonanza of intense, carefully classified sexual education. Beautiful women stretch their bodies, orifices and erotic imaginations in each of 16 wicked categories: Wedgie; Walking Butts; My Nose / Your Crack; Tight Clothes & Ass; Boobs; Pussy Tease; Pussy Close-Up; Smother Me / Choke Me; Spanking ; Speculum; Sucking; Messy; Orgasms; Bare Ass & Gapes; and buttholes. The alluring, uninhibited ladies posing, Playing and Testing Their Exquisite Bodies for Our Pleasure are Physically and Sexually diverse: Alexis Texas, Brooklyn Lee, Jynx Maze, Allie Haze , Briella Bounce, Kara Price, London Keyes, Franceska Jaimes, Bella DellaMorte, Cheyenne Jewel, Angel Vain, Amy Brooke, Liza del Sierra, Anita Blue, Jandi Lin, Tori Lux, Krissy Lynn, Monica Santhiago, Eloa Lombard, Claire Adams, Adrianna Nicole, Charlotte Vale, Dana DeArmond and Aiden Starr. The viewer can select the imagery that gets him off and see exactly that stuff displayed by a series of horny adventurers. For a laser perspective on raw, unstaged and truly revealing solo girl gratification, 'Buttman Focused 4' is the best fix for your fetish!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=6tilfe2n906dj0v9jk3s.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=q7b0tz5pynnt6w0e9s9z.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=8vfq0jgqfw5vs5o9qlvc.jpg