The Story

Dark Souls is the new action role-playing game from the developers who brought you Demon’s Souls, FromSoftware. Dark Souls will have many familiar features: A dark fantasy universe, tense dungeon crawling, fearsome enemy encounters and unique online interactions. Dark Souls is a spiritual successor to Demon’s, not a sequel. Prepare for a new, despair-inducing world, with a vast, fully-explorable horizon and vertically-oriented landforms. But most of all, prepare to die. You will face countless murderous traps, countless darkly grotesque monsters and several gargantuan, supremely powerful demons and dragons. You must learn from death to persist through this unforgiving world. And you aren’t alone. Dark Souls allows the spirits of other players to show up in your world, so you can learn from their deaths and they can learn from yours. New to Dark Souls is Bonfires. Around the Bonfire, you may find the only warmth and calm that exists in this dark world. Beware: There is no place in Dark Souls that is truly safe. With days of game play and an even more punishing difficulty level, Dark Souls will be the most deeply challenging game you play this year. Can you live through a million deaths and earn your legacy?


System Requirements
CPU: 	AMD Phenom II X2 545 3.0 Ghz - Intel Core 2 Duo E6850 3.0 Ghz
RAM: 	2 GB
VGA: 	ATI Radeon HD 4870 - GeForce 9800 GTX+
DX: 	9.0c
OS: 	Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 or newer
HDD: 	4 GB
Sound: 	Direct Sound Compatible
Network: 	Online play requires software installation of and log-in to Games For Windows - LIVE 

Title: Dark Souls™: Prepare To Die™ Edition
Genre: Action, RPG
Developer: FromSoftware
Publisher: Namco Bandai Games


1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install [Use 00000-00000-00000-0000]
4. crack in SKIDROW folders
Release Date: Aug 24, 2012
Languages: English*, French, German, Italian, Polish, Russian, Spanish, Korean, Traditional Chinese ( *languages with full audio support )
3rd-party DRM: Microsoft

Dark Souls Prepare To Die Edition – FULL DVD – MULTI9
Size: 4 GB

SCREENSHOT: http://www.postimg.com/image/81000/photo-80893.jpg