Please seed!

Göteborg Wind Orchestra - GWO
Since l992 Göteborg Wind Orchestra is being run as a foundation. The orchestra
as such dates back to 1905, however. That is the year some musically interested
employees of the Göteborg Tramway Company formed the Tramway Company Band. They
played brass sextets for fun in their spare time but early on they also gave
public concerts in parks and similar places. During the following decades new
members were added continuously and the musical quality was raised
considerably. Before the band turned wholly professional at the beginning of
the 90s, the members of the orchestra had to share their working time between
playing an instrument and driving a bus or a tram.
GWO's home venue is Gothenburg's oldest secular building "The Crown house"
(1654), where concerts are performed all year round. ln addition, the orchestra
tours the Gothenburg region, occasionally also abroad.

The orchestra has performed under the following names:
Göteborg Wind Orchestra (GWO) 2007-
GöteborgsMusiken 1992 – 2007
1997 – 2008 they were commissioned to perform as The (Royal) Swedish Air Force Band.

With art work

Göteborg Wind Orchestra (GöteborgsMusiken) - When You Wish Upon A Star
Leif Strands Damkör (Leif Strands Female (Chamber) Choir)
2003

01  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Sleigh Ride
02  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Ding dong! Merrily on high
                                      with Leif Strands Damkör
03  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - When You Wish Upon A Star
04  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Stilla natt (Stille Nacht)
                                      with Leif Strands Damkör
05  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - O Little Town Of Bethlehem with Leif
                                      Strands Damkör, guitar: Tobias Sjögren,
                                      flute: Göran Marcusson
06  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - O helga natt (Cantique de Noel (O Holy
                                      Night)), trumpet: David Glänneskog
07  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Nu tändas tusen juleljus with Leif
                                      Strands Damkör, guitar: Tobias Sjögren,
                                      flute: Göran Marcusson
08  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Hosianna Davids son
09  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Bereden väg för Herran
                                      with Leif Strands Damkör
10  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Disney Time (medley)
11  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Tomtarnas vaktparad (Heinzelmännchens
                                      Wachtparade, Opus 5.)
12  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Dagen är nära (Lascia ch'io pianga)
                                      with Leif Strands Damkör
13  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Mary Had A Baby with Leif Strands
                                      Damkör, guitar: Tobias Sjögren,
                                      flute: Göran Marcusson
14  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Slädfärden (Die Schlittenfahrt,
                                      Sleigh Ride) 
15  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Militärmarsch nr 1 I D-Dur (3 marches
                                      militaires, Op. 51, D. 733: No. 1 in
                                      D Major)
16  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Mitt hjerte alltid vanker with Leif
                                      Strands Damkör, guitar: Tobias Sjögren,
                                      flute: Göran Marcusson
17  GWO - When You Wish Upon A Star - Fantasia över ''Härlig är jorden''
 
http://www.naxos.com/catalogue/item.asp?item_code=8.557451 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/when-you-wish-upon-a-star-naxos-mw0001960876