What IS Gth?

Gate to Heavens (for which GTH stands) is a full 3D MMORPG created in year 2002 in korea. It delivers a gaming experience like no other game, gives "leveling up" a fully new definition and has a strength balance which is incompareable with other games.
 Starting in the world of the player is to choose a member of the four different clans as there are:

The northern classes


The Soul Hermit: They are masters of the swords and gain their strength from powerful skills. Soul hermits gave up a training of the mind and decided to strengthen their bodies, being confident that a strong body wins over a strong mind. The education is hard and only few people are worthy to finish their training.

The Wind Hermits: Their ability it is to gain their power by a harmonizing connection to their enviroment, resulting in an ultimate speed with daggers and splendid skills with crossbows, rarely missing their target and dodging enemy attacks. The main difference between them and the members of the earth clan is, that they decided only to use the power of the nature, not to forward it.

The southern classes


The Earth Hermits: "Living in and with the nature" - this is the source from which they benefit. During lifetime, a member of the earth clan decides either to use the power of the nature by living it and transforming into beasts with different strengths or to gain incredible good health and slow, but crushing power.

The Water Hermits: While the other clans decided to gain their strength by training their body and skills, the clan of water sticked with the old traditions, studied old writings and learned the old and mighty summons of power and healing. Although theoratically having the power to control their enviroment, they chose a life in peace. However, as a war is coming up they are forced to improve their war skills and to send out young warriors to conquer old scripts to improve their mightyness.

What makes GTH different from other games?
The experience during the gameplay. It is hard to explain, but in no other game a player gets the feeling of a union, a community. Characters are able to play in formations named "parties", but can as well level alone. The most impressive thing about Gate to Heavens is the overall balance of the different characters: Some are better for involving in PvP, others are perfect for bosskilling. Clan wars make it more interesting, as players, who once were oppenents unite to fight against threats.

What is so special about Gth-Twilight?
Since the dawn of Gate to Heavens there had been many one-man-project-servers, which were all doomed and partly wiped their database appereantly every single month due to issues, bugs, hackers but also due to incompetence of the responsible administrators, e.g. setting experience rates that allowed reaching the highest possible level in less than a month. The main issues since the big (and most known) American GTH were, that the hosts lacked of new ideas and especially bugfixes, including prevention of hacking. The ideas and protest of the players got ignored.
A little group of frustrated players decided to change the issues which were too long ignored and united in summer '08 (growing from that point on), working on something, that the players in their eyes deserved: A playable, beautiful and fixed version of Gate to Heavens. This change included things like the creation of new maps, implenting new items like armour and weapons, new textures but especially focusing on one thing: Fixing and prevention.
But there is another main difference, which comes for the good of the game: GTH-Twilight started as a fan-project, not having the main idea of gaining money but of providing an extraordinary game server, resulting in a controlled and easy start for the server, which is soon to come.
