Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the game:

Dead Space 2 is a survival horror third-person shooter video game developed by Visceral Games and published by Electronic Arts for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Set three years after the events of the first Dead Space, the game follows protagonist Isaac Clarke's fight against a new Necromorph outbreak on the Sprawl, a space city above Saturn's largest moon, Titan.
In Dead Space 2, you join Isaac Clarke, the Systems Engineer from Dead Space, as he wakes up three years after the horrific events on the USG Ishimura. 
The Ishimura was a Planetcracker-class starship besieged by grotesque reanimations of its dead crew, known as "Necromorphs" . 
After unearthing a strange artifact known as the Marker, Isaac finds himself on the Sprawl, a giant space station in orbit around Saturn. 
Unable to remember how he got here and plagued with demented visions of his dead girlfriend Nicole, he must survive another nightmarish outbreak of Necromorphs as he fights his way towards an answer he hopes will end all the chaos........

System Requirements

    Processor: 2.8 GHz processor or equivalent
    Memory: 1 GB RAM ( XP ), 2 GB RAM ( Vista or Windows 7 )
    Hard Disk Space: At least 10GB of hard drive space for installation, plus additional space for saved games
    Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 6800 or better ( 7300, 7600 GS, and 8500 are below minimum system requirements ), ATI X1600 Pro or better ( X1300, X1300 Pro and HD2400 are below minimum system requirements ), 256MB Video Card and Shader Model 3.0 required
    DirectX: DirectX 9.0c


Notes:
This version of game is already cracked ,just install and play.
You can play full game single-player.
If game is asking for EA LICENSE AGREEMENT - click DO NOT ACCEPT.

How to install:
After download is done:
- open part1 (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.


	
More info and support here : 
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=508.msg6864#msg6864

If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .