A total media converter solution provider that can perfectly convert between all common video/HD video/audio formats, e.g. AVI, MP4, WMV, AVCHD, FLV, RMVB, MPEG, MP3; convert AACS and BD+ Blu-ray discs; convert various DVD formats, e.g. DVD-5, DVD-9, CSS-DVD; create high quality DVD and recordable Blu-ray discs with wide selection of menu templates, background pictures and music; and accelerate online flash video playback and downloading process.


This total media converter bundle also presents flexible video importing ways from file or folder, codec parameter settings, powerful video editing features, CPU core controls and profile quick search, external subtitle importing and so on to meet the higher video processing demands for advanced users.

Convert among popular media files
Convert between regular video (AVI, MP4, WMV, FLV, RMVB, MPEG, 3GP, MKV, etc.), HD video(AVCHD, MOD/TOD, MTS/M2TS)and audio (MP3, WMV, WAV, AAC, OGG, M4A, etc.)

Convert encrypted DVD
Rip and convert CSS protected DVD to all kinds of popular video formats for playback on various portable devices like iPod Touch, iPhone 4, PSP, PS3, Zune, Apple TV, Mobile Phone, Tablet PC, etc.

Convert encrypted Blu-ray
Upgraded with the enhanced ability to decrypt AACS and BD+ Blu-ray disc the latest MKB protection, which is higher enough to handle almost all the Blu-ray discs on market so far.

Import multiple video sources
Import source videos from DVD, Blu-ray and regular videosimultaneously. Either import single video file or import multiple video files at one time from a video folder.

Burn and backup DVDs
Burn all kinds of popular video formats to DVD disc, and more DVD output formats like DVD folder and ISO file is also supported. Backup DVD content on hard disk with high quality.

Burn Blu-ray disc
Burn video in a variety of formats to recordable Blu-ray disc and provides more output options like Blu-rayfolder and ISO file.

DIY DVD and Blu-ray disc
DIY disc menu from wide selection of templates, background pictures, background music and DIY disc volume label, disc type(DVD-5/9 or BD-25/50), video size and video quality, etc.

Accelerate online video
Speed up online video playback using the built-in accelerator and enjoy the smooth watching experience via the embedded flash video player.

Download online video
Download online videos from YouTube, Google Video, MySpace and other video-sharing sites fast at the same time you are watching them. Categorize to your preferred PC folder for future reference.

Convert the downloaded online video
Proceed to convert the downloadedonline videos to popular video formats for easy share on more portable gadgets.