Screenshots
 
http://imagetwitch.com/?p=584



Size: 1329969333 bytes (1.24 GiB), duration: 01:37:14, avg.bitrate: 1824 kb/s
Audio: wmav2, 44100 Hz, stereo, 96 kb/s
Video: wmv3, yuv420p, 768x432, 1714 kb/s, 29.97 fps


School: Florida State University
Year: Sophomore
Age: 19
Height: 5'5
Figure:32-26-32
Eye Color: Hazel
Tags: Roadhead, sex in car, rebound sex, first timer
ABOUT


19 year old Olivia is a petite little thing that comes to us all the way from Florida, home of face eating zombies, yes, but also liberal college girls with tight, tanned little bodies and perky A-cup tits. She's the (urban) dictionary definition of 'spinner.' You can tell right off that she's college material when Jay asks her what her sexual fantasy is and she answers, "Sex!" Take that, Ivy League!
Olivia doesn't seem like a girl who says no to very much, so when Jay suggests that she take off her top and flash the passing drivers on their trip to the mall it's no surprise that she's halfway out of her shirt before he finishes the sentence. Once her cute little tits are out, it doesn't seem like a stretch to ask her to strip off her pants and panties which she manages to do without even removing her seat belt. Safety first, people, safety first. Since she's so agreeable, Jay challenges her to something she's never done before: road head! Olivia has no problem with that either and expertly wraps her little hand and mouth around his cock. Once they arrive at the mall (make-up time. She needs it.), road head evolves into full on car sex. The girl's pussy creams up like somebody dumped a carton of milk on Jay's cock. Good sign.
After she gets her face made up it's straight to the hotel for the main shoot. During the interview Olivia confesses that she loves to masturbate so much that she owns ten vibrators and that she dumped her last boyfriend because he was so bad in the sack. So today might just be a nice round of rebound sex. Yes! Any girl that sexual has to be a blast when naked. As she strips off her clothes she reveals that she likes rough sex which inspires Jay to slap her tits to get things started. As he plays with her pussy she says she's never orgasmed from a guy fingering her, which Jay takes as a challenge. It isn't long before she's cumming and panting into the camera. But the real fun begins with Jay brings out the gigantic blue dildo. Olivia is shocked when she sees the thing, but doesn't protest (too much) when Jay makes her take it all.