Easy Speed PC integrates many necessary tools into one easy to use program. Because these tools are all incorporated with one another, Easy Speed PC really brings an invaluable program to your computer. You don’t have to pay and download several programs and scan your computer several times. And don’t worry – just because this program features so many tools, doesn’t mean it’s difficult to use! Easy Speed PC has been designed to be user-friendly and simple to use!



Does your computer freeze up and crash?

Running just a few programs simultaneously can cause your computer to freeze up and require a restart. This is extremely frustrating! Don’t worry – Easy Speed PC can free up your computer’s disk space and get rid of old files and clutter to improve your computer’s overall function and allow it to operate at peak performance.
Is your computer slow to start up and respond?

There is no reason for you to have to wait and wait for your computer to load. Registry errors and running too many programs can cause your computer to take extra time to load and respond. Easy Speed PC can identify these issues and help you fix the culprits.
Do you need extra privacy protection?

Easy Speed PC can give you the extra coverage you need in addition to your existing virus protection. With the ability to identify potentially harmful files, find tracking cookies and scan downloaded media, Easy Speed PC can restore your confidence to browse the Internet safely without the worries of privacy intrusions and acquiring viruses or malware.

Easy Speed PC is an uncomplicated, straight-forward software program that brings several computer optimization tools right to your desktop. You won’t have to deal with multiple downloads, confusing controls or advanced-user settings. All of these great tools are available in one simple download and can give you the right tools to make your computer run like new!
CLEAN YOUR REGISTRY

Because your computer’s registry ensures the stability of your operating system, altering any registry entries can be a risky process due to the accidental removal of your system’s vital files. However, using Easy Speed PC minimizes this risk, allowing you to easily remove unwanted or corrupted registries and easily restoring deleted registries in the event of a mistake.
IDENTIFY POSSIBLE PROBLEMS

Use Easy Speed PC’s simple controls and tools to identify file conflicts and problems with your PC. Unknown and unresolved issues can plague computer performance and ultimately cause your system to fail.
MONITOR YOUR PERFORMANCE

Track system changes and statistics with Easy Speed PC’s reports and data. Check to see which changes were made and the improvements that came from Easy Speed PC’s alterations. Use the software to bring optimal performance back to your computer!