This is George Carlo's and Martin Schram's schocking book Cell Phones - Invisible Hazards in the Wireless Age - An Insider's Alarming Discoveries about Cancer and Genetic Damage (2001) which is a gripping narrative of scientific detection telling a disturbing tale of governmental neglect, corporate manipulation and personal tenacity and courage. No appliance of our time has found more consumer acceptance than the cell phone, yet an undercurrent of concern about possible health effects has pervaded public awareness since 1992, when reports began appearing of people who'd developed brain tumors after using the device. The wireless industry quickly appointed an independent scientist, Dr. George Carlo, to study the issue. Though industry officials claimed that "thousands of studies" already demonstrated cell, phone safety, Carlo vowed to follow the science wherever it might lead him. In fact, he soon discovered that few studies had ever been done, and there was certainly no consensus on the vital question of whether we're exposed to dangerous radiation each time we place a cell phone to our head. One by one, alarming signs appeared in his research: that cell phones interfere with heart pacemakers; that the developing skulls of children are penetrated deeply by the energy emitted from a cell phone; that the blood brain barrier, which prevents invasion of the brain by toxins, can be compromised by cell phone radiation; and most startlingly, that radio frequency radiation creates micronuclei in human blood cells, a type of genetic damage known to be a diagnostic marker for cancer. As he continued turning up scientific findings that cell phones may pose health risks, the industry responded by not renewing his research funding, and sought to discredit him personally among reporters and other scientists. Undeterred, he redoubled his efforts to learn the truth and discover what critical safeguards can still be devised to protect the public health. Invisible Hazards is essential reading if you are among the millions who hold a cellular telephone against your head everyday, if you are beguiled by the newest wireless Internet gadgets, or if you just want to know whether governments besieged by corporations are truly looking after the public's health. 280 pages, some pictures. A must read for everyone.
