Follow my uploads here:                     
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                      
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Friendcaster is the #1 third party Facebook app available for Android with over 3,000,000 downloads and thousands of positive reviews.
Version 5.0 is sporting a beautiful interface, loads of Facebook features and the only real time Facebook notifications available through Google Play.

When it comes to getting your Facebook ΓÇ£fixΓÇ¥ on Android, Friendcaster is the way to go, and itΓÇÖs free!

With Friendcaster we've also put in thousands of hours making the app VERY fast. Tired of waiting on the Facebook app to update? Go with Friendcaster!

Features:

    All your favorite Facebook features (status updates, photos, messages, events, groups, checkins, etc)
    Instant real time notifications (much faster than any other Facebook app)
    Full news feed
    Comment, post and like comments
    5 beautiful themes, and growing!
    Quick access to posting status updates, photos and video
    Quick access to checkins
    Beautiful checkin map of all your nearby friend's locations
    Easily view your news feed based on your Facebook friend lists
    Displays your full size cover photo on the app opening screen
    Support for multiple accounts
    Hi-res photos directly in the news feed
    Quick and easy setup assistant for notifications
    Designed specifically for Android and Ice Cream Sandwich
     And hundreds of additional features throughout the app... give it a try!

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 14, 2012)

    includes Fix "likes" not showing correctly for comments (detail) and Add an "unlike" option for comments
    Improved album support for photo uploads
    Added preference to enable/disable news feed time stamp
    Added scrolling in news feed with the volume buttons (and a preference to enable/disable it)
    Added preference to enable/disable the split action bar
    Addresses issues when using single sign-on in some specific cases
    Other bug fixes

Required Android O/S : 1.6+


                                By bobiras2009		