
This shoot is the complete edited version, and has been given the same shoot ID as the last part, HT-24304. This has been done by Kink.



Tough Blonde Bombshell & Fan Favorite Lorelei Lee - Complete Edited Live Show

Aug 19, 2012 - Performers: Lorelei Lee and Mark Davis 
    
  
MP4 and WMV + Pics.  
        

Lorelei Lee starts off her live show in one of our most brutal hogties - the pushup position! If Lorelei lowers her hands, she chokes herself with her feet tied to her neck. Closely supervised, we get to watch her live and egg her on to see how good this cum hungry whore can suck cock. She gets balls deep on Mark's cock and her bright blue eyes never leave his sight. Lapping up her spit, it just keeps pouring and foaming out of her mouth. In the second position, Claire binds her in a difficult strappado hogtie and suspends her live for you in front of the camera. Mark steps in and delivers a hard blow job that Lorelei cannot escape from. Claire and Mark then fuck her face and pussy at the same time, double stuffing Lorelei, then finishing her off in a very challenging thighs only inversion that Mark face fucks her and squeezes tight hard juicy orgasms out of Lorelei's ripe and willing cunt. In the third position, Lorelei is laced tightly into our brown leather arm binder and folded forward in to a straight legged pile driver with thighs to the ceiling. Add in bastinado to her tender feet and she is worked up into a frenzy. In the last position, Lorelei is bound with her wrists tied behind her back at the waist, elbows together, and knees pried wide and tied to pipe. Her nipples get the worst of it. Claire ties cruel twine to them and then to a support rope, so as her head bobs up and down on Mark's cock she pulls her sensitive nipples and the twine burrows deeper into her flesh. Mark is ready to be impressed. Mark pounds his cock deep and hard into the very back of her throat making breathing impossible. She has tried desperately through the whole show to appease him, now its game time.

Screens 
http://www.hogtied.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=24304

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  

Cheers  :-)	


