FIFA 13 (ENG/RUS) Repack by RG Catalyst  



Released: 2012 
Genre: Sport (Soccer) / 3D 
Developer: EA Canada 
Publisher: Electronic Arts 
Game Version: 1.6 
Language: English, Russian 
Sound language: English, Russian 
Publication Type: Repack 
CRACK: from RELOADED 


Operating System: Microsoft Windows ┬« XP SP3 / Windows ┬« Vista SP2 / Windows ┬« 7 
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo processor with a clock frequency of 1.8 GHz 
RAM: 2 GB 
Video: 256 MB VRAM 
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible 
Free hard drive space: 6 GB 


DESCRIPTION: 

Five revolutionary changes presented in a fresh season of the famous football simulator, output to a new level of artificial intelligence system 

dribbling control of the ball and the power struggle. Now compete for the ball at every area of the field will be even more intense and 

unpredictable - just like in real football. In addition, the game has two new transfer of the ball. Referees are better determine fouls and 

reasonably issue warnings, goalkeepers - act more clearly, and in defense tactics put option, which allows protective orders move across the 

field. Added new animation Airstrike and with 180 degrees, and jubilation at the goal scored.FIFA 13 does not change the authenticity of the 

tradition: the game features over 500 officially licensed clubs and 15,000 athletes. 


"Intelligence attacker. 
In FIFA 13 much "wiser" artificial intelligence. Virtual players now able to analyze the situation and to vary their actions accordingly. They 

will work much harder than before, have a lot of pressure on the defense and calculate their effect on the two steps ahead. Attackers have 

learned taking away defenders and thus open area for teammates. 
"Total dribble. 
In FIFA 13 it is crucial every touch of the ball! Players are getting faster and more precise control of the ball, even when rotated 360 degrees. 

Tread, threatening to break through the enemy's defenses, get out of tackles or turns his back, hiding the ball from the defender. 
"The first touch. 
Improved system for control of the ball and will be times when a player gets it after the first contact, which means that the defenders were more 

likely to select ball, plus they skillfully use the enemy's mistakes. What will be the first contact, depends on several factors, including the 

pressure, the trajectory and speed of the ball. Players, perfect control of the ball, and so rare, and in FIFA 13 chance of making a bad pass and 

lose the ball increased, which levels the playing attacking and playing defense. 
"The tactics of penalty kicks. 
In FIFA 13 there was lots of ways you can create a dangerous combination for the drawing penalties. Now you will be able to deceive the opponent 

- for example, to set the ball up to three players, run forward and use different types of passes. In this case, the opponent is free to change 

the number of players in the wall, move it to the ball or to appoint one of his players to intercept a pass and block the kick. 
"The engine Player Impact Engine second generation. 
Turns ordinary clash a real battle between the players. Defenders can fight for position, pushing, or pushing an opponent in the side to take 

advantage of the growth and mass, forcing the opponent to make a mistake by dribbling or to receive the ball. 


Do not recoded / cut other localization 
You can download only the desired voice acting: 
english.catalyst - English voice 
russian.catalyst - Russian voice 
Installation time ~ 25 minutes 
