Business Plan Pro Premier Edition

Create a comprehensive, professional business plan that you can use now, to attract investors, and then continue to use to manage and grow your business.

All the great features of the Standard Edition, PLUS!

Business Plan Pro Premier includes everything you'll find in the Standard Edition. Some of the most popular features include:

    500+ sample plans
    Automatic charts and graphs
    Built-in financial formulas
    Expert help and advice
    9,000+ industry profiles

With the Premier Edition, you get everything that makes Business Plan Pro ideal for writing a business plan, plus additional tools to help you manage and grow your business.


Retyping data you've already got in QuickBooks or Excel is a waste of time. That's why Business Plan Pro Premier Edition allows you to quickly and easily import data directly into your plan. Use your accounting information to compare against your plan. Or include any spreadsheets you've got in Excel, without having to recreate the wheel each time.
Follow up with plan versus actual comparison

A business plan is a great start, but tracking real-world results and learning from them is where a business plan really helps you manage your business. Business Plan Pro Premier Edition takes your actual numbers and compares them to your projections. Then it provides analysis charts that help you see what went right, and wrong. Arming yourself with this information helps you steer your business into the future.

If you're going to show your business plan to investors or lenders, make sure it's got all the information your audience is looking for. They'll want to know what your business is worth and how and when they'll see a return on their investment. So show them the business valuation information and investment analysis details they're after. Prove you know what you're doing by presenting a complete, professional plan.


Where exactly is your cash going? Business Plan Pro Premier Edition includes a visual cash flow chart called the Cash Pilot, which shows you how small changes in collecting payments or ordering inventory can have a big impact on your overall cash flow. Cash is king, so make sure you manage it, and your business, wisely.

Business Plan Pro Premier Edition is designed to support multi-year planning so your plan stays alive and up-to-date.

Most business plans have 1 year of monthly projections, then several years of annual projections. Need more detail? Premier is for you.

Create a custom plan outline, add your own tables, topics, and instructions, and then save the result as a new business plan template. Ideal for franchises or planning consultants.

Premier Edition contains all the capabilities and benefits of the Standard Edition, including over 500 sample plans, instructions, and more.

Read more: http://www.paloalto.com/business_plan_software/features/premier#ixzz1t9mtSIrJ
