Follow my uploads here:                           
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Trainz Simulator THD is packed full of content, routes and sessions to give you the best Train experience on any mobile platform. Trainz Simulator THD is a world first for Android!

We are pleased to give each and every Android tablet user the opportunity to have Trainz at your fingertips. With Trainz custom built input system to get the most out of the touch functionality youΓÇÖll find driving Trains, laying tracks, creating layouts and completing scheduled tasks a breeze.

Trainz Simulator includes everything you need to build and operate your own dream railroad. You can build a fun layout in minutes, faithfully recreate a railroad from days gone by or develop a fully fledged prototypical route; the choice is yours.

Features:

    Touch input makes driving Trains, laying tracks, creating layouts and completing scheduled tasks a breeze.
    More Accessible! Take Trainz with you anytime, anywhere.
    Drive Loads of Trains.
    Operate a complete working rail line.
    Build and customize your own living railroad using our advanced route creation tool called ΓÇ£SurveyorΓÇ¥.
    Trainz Simulator THD offers advance visual effects such as lighting, weather effects, fog, higher detail Trains, beautiful water, increase performance and 2 new routes with all new sessions.

Previous Upgrades:

    IMPROVED
        List scrolling functionality
        Accuracy for touch interface in Surveyor.
        Free Roaming View camera panning
        Save Session display the time of save.
        Scroll around Map View while in driver mode.
        Display hint windows in various parts of the game.
        Camera control toggled on/off.
        Thumbstick 'navigation' controls.
    FIXED
        Camera Options for Tutorial 2.
        Sander icon displays correctly. 
        Merging routes.
        Rail Yard sleep state. 
        Sound burst before a session resumed or reloaded.

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 30, 2012)

    Added another workaround for another Mali400 MP GPU driver crash bug.
    Fixes for some platform specific startup issues.
    Revert the screen size change to large and xlarge. (ie. is now the same as the 1.3.1 release).

Required Android O/S : 2.3+

                                By bobiras2009		
