The Complete Guide to Saving Seeds: 322 Vegetables, Herbs, Fruits, Flowers, Trees, and Shrubs
By Robert Gough and Cheryl Moore-Gough
Storey Publishing | July 2011 | ISBN 978-1-60342-574-2 | ePUB/PDF 1| 1.6/13.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Complete-Guide-Saving-Seeds/dp/1603425748
PDF conversion is mine.

Nature has excelled at saving seeds for millions of years, but improving upon natural systems is part of human nature. We have done well by probing the mysteries of seeds, learning how to harvest and store them and coax them to germinate and grow abundantly to suit our needs. A bit more than 10,000 years ago, humankind learned that saving seeds and planting them in specially prepared gardens meant that we no longer had to wander through muddy slime in warm Mediterranean swamps to gather celery, nor did we have to stalk wild cabbages along the cold and windy Baltic coast. Thanks to sojourning pioneers who plied ancient trade routes and returned to Europe with seeds of a strange new tree, we no longer had to live in Kazakhstan to enjoy wild apples.
Seed saving and agriculture birthed civilizations. By planting seeds, humans could more easily enjoy more types of food in greater quantity. which left them more leisure time. Sowing seeds that you've collected from your own plants offers exciting new possibilities for your gardening endeavors.
Learn how to collect, save, and cultivate the seeds from more than 300 vegetables, herbs, fruits, flowers, trees, and shrubs. ItΓÇÖs easy, and itΓÇÖs fun! Authors Robert Gough and Cheryl Moore-Gough thoroughly explain every step in the seed-saving process. Descriptions of seed biology; tips on how to select plants for the best seeds; and advice on harvesting and cleaning, proper storage and care, and propagating and caring for new seedlings are all presented with clear, easy-to-follow instructions. Chapters dedicated to individual plants contain species-specific directions and detailed information. Gardeners of any experience level will find all the information they need to extend the life of their favorite plants to the next generation and beyond.

About the Authors
Robert Gough holds a doctorate in botany and is Professor Emeritus of Horticulture at the College of Agriculture, Montana State University. He is the author of 17 gardening books, 500 extension service publications, and articles for Fine Gardening, Country Journal, National Gardening, Zone 4, Montana Magazine, and Harrowsmith. He is a Fellow of both the American Society for Horticultural Science and the North American Colleges and Teachers of Agriculture, as well as a member of the advisory board of Zone 4.
Cheryl Moore-Gough holds an M.S. in Plant Sciences from Montana State University, where she is now an adjunct assistant professor in horticulture. Cheryl has taught and coordinated the Montana Master Gardener program and has published numerous works alone and with her husband, Dr. Robert Gough, including five gardening books. She has written for Montana Magazine, Fine Gardening, American Nurseryman, and Zone 4 Magazine. She has been gardening and saving seeds in Montana for 30 years.