

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth





POtHS - Bible Study - 80 - Praying In The Closet by David Wilkerson


POtHS Comment: Also Very Nice

Description:
Dr. Adrian Rogers as part of Love Worth Finding, which began in 1987, Dr. Rogers states "I believe God wants us to proclaim the message of salvation in the power of the Holy Spirit by every means possible ... That's our commitment at Love Worth Finding." In response to many who are asking, has that purpose changed since the home-going of Dr. Rogers? No, God wants us to continue to proclaim the message of salvation. The messenger may be gone, but the message must continue. Millions still have not heard the precious name of Jesus or know His redeeming grace.

So our race is not over. We must still run -- until Jesus comes. If you believe in what God has called LWF to do, we invite you to help us proclaim God's truth. Our prayer is that you will join with us in running the race and in broadcasting the Good News that Jesus Christ is truly the greatest Love worth finding. 
http://www.lightsource.com/ministry/love-worth-finding/

Devotionals:
Read how God is using LWF to change lives

The messages of Adrian Rogers and the daily devotionals have been more strength to me than I know how to put into words. Like he explains about the Greek or Hebrew language sometimes; that there isn't a word in the English language that really has the same meaning. There isn't a strong enough word to express the gratitude and love I experience every time I listen to a message or read a daily devotional from LWF. I know you are laying up more treasure daily in heaven, and I can just see the pleasure in Jesus' face when He is able to give Adrian another treasure throughout each day for the work He is doing through the ministry Adrian was called home from years ago now. You talk about royalties; I know God is pleased with your ministry and is using you daily. I literally can't count how many times the daily devotional has been directly for what I was going through, and God spoke through you to me.

Keep letting God lead and guide you.  In His service with you in prayer daily.

John from Georgia


I am a new-born Christian. I gave my life to the Lord listening to your program on the radio in Lubbock, TX.

Texas

