C O M P L E X  P R E S E N T S:

Top Gun Hard Lock XBOX360-COMPLEX

Based on Paramount Pictures classic film, Top Gun: Hard Lock is set in the present 
day with a brand new story line and new wave of elite naval aviators fresh out of 
the Top Gun academy. Gamers fly right back into the danger zone for a jet propelled 
flight combat adventure with all the flair of a modern day action blockbuster.

Top Gun: Hard Lock is aerial dog-fighting at jet speeds and tailgating MiGs at Mach 2, 
while offering a unique Hard Lock mode where players perform air combat maneuvers 
that deliver an explosively satisfying visual payoff that brings them right into the 
action. Featuring the legendary F-14 Tomcat fighter jet and a number of additional 
licensed planes and weapons, and more than enough enemy MIGs to turn into smoldering 
rubble, the game is carefully mixed with just enough nostalgic references to remain 
true to its action movie roots.

Features:

The Hard Lock mode: allows players to engage the enemy during dogfights, enabling them 
to lock on to targets and unleash their powerful arsenal of weapons.

Challenging Missions: The single player story campaign offers 15 challenging missions 
set across diverse backdrops. Set in the Top Gun universe but brought up to date with 
a modern day setting, the story makes as many twists and turns as the jets themselves, 
as a new wave of elite Naval aviators, fresh out of the Top Gun Academy, protect the skies.

Multiplayer: Fans of multiplayer are well catered for too, with three distinct modes 
for up to 16 players.

Fancy Flying: Numerous customization options, including a variety of decals and paint 
schemes. Top Gun Hard Lock offers one of the most accessible and exciting aerial arcade 
action games this generation. Enhancing the experience further are officially licensed 
aircraft including iconic jets such as the F14D Super Tomcat, F22 Raptor and F/A-18F Super Hornet

Platform XBOX360
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD2 (LT1.9 or above)
Size: 1DVD
Genre: Flight, Action
Language: English
 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/1vqv.jpg 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/2xsx.jpg