Rainbow Six: Take Down - Missions in Korea


This is one of the few Tom Clancy games that wasn't released out of Korea.

RAINBOW gets summoned by South Korean officials to be deployed in South Korea in the year 2003 after a rash of criminal and terrorist activities takes place in South Korean soil, starting with a terrorist group named ATX taking several civilians hostage. As more and more missions continued to be placed under RAINBOW's watch, RAINBOW intelligence gets wind of a criminal plot by a Japanese yakuza group to expand their activities in South Korea from Japan. To do this, ATX and other criminal and terrorist groups are used in order to distract South Korean security forces from finding out their true motives.



It was announced on a press conference on February 5, 2001 that the game would be released back on June, 2001. Despite promises from Red Storm Entertainment that the game would be released internationally, it was not released in North America, Europe or any other country except South Korea.



More info: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Clancy%27s_Rainbow_Six:_Take-Down_%E2%80%93_Missions_in_Korea


This ISO has the original, Game disc in iso form and also included with it: Latest patch, Unofficial English manuals (unless you understand Korean) and a few game fixes to help make the game more stable.


Before the common questions are asked:

Being a Korean game many would ask if they'll even make it to play the game, however for our luck the menus and settings is still in english, can't say the same for the briefing however. I personally think the game can be played from beginning to end despite the language. (can't guarantee you'll know what's going on tho) xD


No it doesn't have any type of virus/trojans/spyware...etc I've uploaded and put this together for the sole reason that you can't find it for sale.


Many sources say it works on 95/98/ME and 2000, Personally tested only on WinXP 32bit in VMware, works fine in software mode but crashes due to vmware driver. (Might work with a real video card driver). Also tested on Win7 64bit and doesn't work brings up some unrecognized error.


You don't need to download any other fixes, everything is included on the disc, even a pdf reader and virtual drive software to mount the iso (MagicDisc).


If you seem to get stuck somewhere, read the text and pdf files, everything is written there, if you ignore them....well your problem.




This game has been praised by many non Korean players for it's great maps.


Enjoy xD
