
  Say Anything - Studio Discography (2001-2012) [FLAC]

  Released: 2001-2012
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Styles: Indie Rock, Punk Pop
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~800-11,00 kbps
  Bits per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,110 Hz
  Covers: Front

  Albums:

  2001 - Baseball
  2004 - ...Is A Real Boy
  2007 - In Defense of the Genre
  2009 - Say Anything
  2010 - Max Bemis and the Painful Splits
  2011 - Max Bemis and the Painful Splits 2
  2012 - Say Anything - Anarchy, My Dear

Say Anything are the pop-punk brainchild of Max Bemis, who founded the band while its initial members were still attending high school in Los Angeles. Although the lineup has since featured a rotating cast of characters, Bemis remains at the band's core, spinning tales of insecurity and frustration with help from longtime drummer Coby Linder. Say Anything made their studio debut with two self-released and self-produced EPs -- Junior Varsity! and Menorah/Majora, the latter being released online -- as well as a full-length album, 2003's Baseball. These releases saw the band leaning toward the same mix of emo, rock, and pop-punk made popular by bands like blink-182 and Saves the Day. Bemis soon grew tired of the genre and revamped his band's sound for ...Is a Real Boy, which marked Say Anything's first release for Doghouse Records in 2004. A self-described punk rock musical, the album was fittingly produced by Tim O'Heir (Dinosaur Jr., the All-American Rejects) and Stephen Trask (Hedwig and the Angry Inch), with Bemis playing nearly every instrument.

Bemis' bipolar disorder proved to be increasingly disruptive, however, plaguing both the recording of the album and its aftermath. Struggled with crippling stress, the singer suffered a nervous breakdown that ultimately led to Say Anything's cancellation of two tours in 2005, including an opening slot with one of the band's idols, Saves the Day. Despite the setback, the band signed with J Records that same year and reissued ...Is a Real Boy in February 2006. The re-release boasted two discs, pairing the original record with a bonus EP containing demos, re-recordings of previous songs, and sessions from a never-released AIDS benefit record. A national headlining tour followed the reissue, and the single "Alive with the Glory of Love" found some success on radio and the MTV networks. Momentum continued to build as the band toured into 2007, eventually pairing with Saves the Day for a second attempt at touring. The effort was successful this time around, and Say Anything released a two-disc concept album, In Defense of the Genre, that October. Bemis announced plans to record a new album in early 2008, and the resulting record (a self-titled effort) arrived in late 2009, several months after Bemis and Saves the Day's Chris Conley released an album by their side project, Two Tongues. The singer returned to Say Anything in 2012 with the release of the bands fifth album, the edgy and biting, Anarchy, My Dear.