Topaz Simplify

Instantly turn any image into a natural media art piece
Easily create high-impact, artistic photography
Transform your photo into a variety artistic styles 
including paintings, sketches and cartoon line drawings.
Repurpose previously unusable photos by adding a traditional art flare

Digital Art and Painting

The Topaz Simplify plug-in allows you to create stunning art from photos by transforming regular digital images into beautiful works-of-art. With Simplify, you can achieve a variety of creative art effects including: watercolors, textured oil paintings, cartoon-like images, abstracts, charcoal drawings, line art, and photorealistic paintings - giving your photography a true creative edge.


The unique size-based technology in Topaz Simplify processes your photo in the same way a true artist would: it eliminates detail-clutter and leaves behind only the essence and natural structure of the photo. By selectively removing unnecessary image clutter, Simplify helps you create a bold and powerful piece of art in just a few clicks.

Simplify 4 Highlights

Over 100 new presets for instant artistic transformations.
Preset organization for quick and easy application of the right preset.
New adjustment sliders to add depth and localized contrast.
Intuitive edge-aware selective brush used to dodge, burn, smooth and brush out effects.
Integration of the "Apply" button, offering the ability to stack presets and settings, creating stronger and personalized effects.
Addition of the new histogram and curve tools.
Finishing Touches Tab with tools to add vignettes, tone and transparency.

System Requirements:

Requires Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7
(32-bit and 64-bit)
Requires at least 1 GB RAM. (2 GB or more recommended)
Compatible with Adobe Photoshop CS3-CS6 (32-bit and 64-bit), Photoshop Elements 6-11, PaintShop Pro, Photo Impact and Serif Photo Plus.
Compatible with Lightroom 2-4 via photoFXlab or Topaz Fusion Express.

Homepage: http://www.topazlabs.com/simplify/#6

Intallation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register.
3. Done, Enjoy.