With this compilation we wanted to thank the contribution of this country, Germany, to the metal scene, all those great bands maybe less known than others from Finland or Sweden, and also to all the fucking metal-heads who live there and the great fests organized. Even more Germany is also our main source of visitors and we have some friends there.

This is probably the hardest compilation we have ever made, there were so many great stuff that we had to take out some good bands, and even tho it has two discs, so if you miss any band don't blame us. In fact it is possible we make a second part of this compilation with the German Black Metal bands if you behave well xD.

So for all of you motherfuckers here it is, all Hail the German Pagan Metal!

About the title of the compilation it refers to all the tribes (Saxons, Goths, Franks,...) settled in a territory that romans called Germania, mainly actual Germany, what was one of the causes of the fall of the empire and lately extended all over Europe. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germania

As always we hope you discover something new thanks to this work.

Tracklist:

CD1:

01. Varg - Schildfront
02. Nothgard - Victory
03. Minas Morgul - Rot
04. Thrudvangar - Blut Und Feuer
05. Black Messiah - Irminsul
06. Falkenbach - Donar's Oak
07. Festung Nebelburg - Wintersonnwende
08. Fimbulvet - Schildes Schatten
09. Dyrathor - Kampf Auf Samsey
10. SuidAkrA - The Quest
11. Kromlek - Ad Rvbiconem
12. Men Enter Tavern - Unser Leben Für Valhalla
13. Menhir - Des Kriegers Gesicht
14. Elivagar - Followers Of Ancient Tales
15. Taunusheim - Followed By The Raven
16. Thiasos Dionysos - Heidrun


CD2:

01. Obscurity - Keltilwald
02. Riger - Brandschiff
03. Spectral - Black Viking Power
04. Strydegor - Oden's Wrath
05. XIV Dark Centuries - Thing
06. Finsterforst - Traumwald
07. Nebelhorn - Walhall
08. Vrankenvorde - Sturmvogel
09. Bergthron - Tagesraunen
10. Equilibrium - Der Sturm
11. Wolfchant - Feuerbringer
12. Thorondir - Weltenbaum
13. Slartibartfass - Rache Der Kobolde
14. Fjoergyn - Des Winters Schmach
15. Odroerir - De Excidio Thuringiae
16. Adorned Brood - Under Yggdrasil
17. Schandmaul - Sturmnacht (Bonus Track)