Rush - Fly by Night [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video. "Fly by Night" is a single from Fly by Night, the fifth song from Rush's second album of the same name. The music was written by Geddy Lee and the lyrics were penned by Neil Peart. Peart wrote this song about his first trip away from home. In 1971, at 18 years old, he left behind his small-town Canadian life and flew to England. This was a major turning point in his life.

It was released as a single in May 1975, but despite nearly becoming their first hit in the United Kingdom, it failed to chart.

Rush is a Canadian rock band formed in August 1968, in the Willowdale neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario. The band is composed of bassist, keyboardist, and lead vocalist Geddy Lee, guitarist and backing vocalist Alex Lifeson, and drummer, percussionist and lyricist Neil Peart. The band and its membership went through a number of re-configurations between 1968 and 1974, achieving their current form when Peart replaced original drummer John Rutsey in July 1974, two weeks before the group's first United States tour. Rutsey's departure stemmed primarily from health concerns regarding his diabetes.

Since the release of the band's self-titled debut album in March 1974, Rush has become known for its musicianship, complex compositions, and eclectic lyrical motifs drawing heavily on science fiction, fantasy, and philosophy. Rush's music style has changed over the years, beginning with blues-inspired heavy metal on their first album, then encompassing hard rock, progressive rock, and a period with heavy use of synthesizers. 

They have been cited as an influence by various musical artists, including Metallica, Primus, and The Smashing Pumpkins, as well as progressive metal bands such as Dream Theater and Symphony X.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fly_by_Night_(song)  
      
http://bayimg.com/AaCfPaAek 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9800kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:03:20




*Install the "Media Player Classic Home Cinema" player if you can't play this 
 file, or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
 It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.3


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*   
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	