Release Info:

Actual Window Manager is powerful task management software called the windows are open and running on the screen. With this software, users can easily manage active windows. For example, the window can be associated with a program (like several browser windows) to be classified in a group.

Actual Window Manager V7.3 software Some features: - more important to keep windows on top of other windows . - accurate resizing windows.


- Placing windows exactly where needed . 
- Mynymayz it up, roll up or unroll windows, creating a semi-transparent window ...

Actual Window Manager is an innovative desktop organization application which introduces unconventional window controls and also automatic general window operations making your work more productive, convenient and enjoyable. It has more than 50 handy tools to help you in daily routine window manipulations.

Like a well-trained assistant, accurate and unobtrusive, being instructed once Actual Window Manager will do all the required actions for you automatically all the time you are having it running in background:

placing windows exactly to the required place
sizing them exactly as they should be
keeping the important windows always-on-top of others
minimizing (either normally, or to the tray/screen), or rolling up, or making semi-transparent, or closing the inactive windows, so removing them from your way
and many others
As more windows you are able to work with simultaneously - as more efficient your work will be, and Actual Window Manager is an invaluable helper on this way!


What Users Say

"
I use Actual Window Manager for some years. It allows the widest customization that I could want. I work at the computer at least 12 hours a day, every day, on four monitors. The personalization makes my job much easier, and I can not think of giving up this software.

The software is very powerful, and I use it a lot (almost a hundred different rules). So it is normal that sometimes I can not use it perfectly, and I get a result is not required on this or that window. In such cases, support is excellent and very fast, and Vasiliy has always been very kind in helping me understand the problem.

I highly recommend this program to all persons who use two or more monitors, but it is also very useful for those who only have one monitor.

"
Daniel Cau, Italy
""Dear Actual Tools,
I have been using Actual Window Manager for a month now and I love it! It gives me a lot of easy "handles" on my windows that I never knew could exist! I especially like the transparency feature - I can finally work with more than one window at a time!""
John Wiley,
Albuquerque, NM
""I use Actual Window Manager in different ways for different applications. I used to be constantly annoyed that HTML Help windows would not remember their size and position - now I know they will show up in exactly the size and position that I want.""
Michael Snyder,
Mount Shasta, CA
"I minimize to tray Yahoo! Mail when not in use and keep Microsoft Management Concole (MMC) on top."
Peter Enge,
Canada
""Trust me -- this tool was Heaven-sent just for me, and I really would like to be able to use it for EVERYTHING...""
Kyle Rich,
Salt Lake City, UT

Install:

1.Run setup file as admin
2.Copy ActualWindowManagerCenter.exe & ActualWindowManagerConfig.exe file from crack folder into installation folder.
3.Copy HKU.reg from crack folder into installation folder & run it.
4.Run from desktop shortcut
