"Episode 4" Ken Whittingham & Rich Correll November 6, 1999 (1999-11-06) 104 

Cold Opening: It starts off with Amanda practicing with the Dancing Lobsters to dance and when she leaves, Penelope disguises herself as one of the Dancing Lobsters and joins their dance, but a female guard appears and takes her away.

Introduction: Amanda solves the problems of the audience.

Homework Hut: A commercial about a delivery place that delivers homework of any kind.

Hillbilly Moment: Lula Mae's knock knock joke involves hitting Eenis in the head with a fish.

Blockblister: Blockblister is a store which is owned by the foreign Blokey family with weird accents and always give the customers homemade spoofs of the actual movie made by the family. The customers come in, not pleased with seeing the Blokey family's movie spoofs of Star Wars Episode I: The Vantom Menace, The Wizard of Voz, and Austin Powders.

Stop Motion Amanda: Amanda's bath keeps getting disrupted when she keeps finding her brother's stuff in the bathtub up to the point where it is discovered that her brother's great white shark is in the bathtub.

Judge Trudy: The courtroom of Judge Trudy starts with the Halloween edition. The first one has Shelly Barnes issuing a complaint against Mrs. Shane who gave her an apple instead of candy when out trick or treating. Judge Trudy finds in favor of the plaintiff with Judge Trudy confiscating Mrs. Shane's dress when she doesn't have the fine money of $4.6 million. The second one has an unnamed kid issuing a complaint against a man who snapped at him and his friends for egging his house. Judge Trudy finds in favor of the plaintiff and has the bailiff put the man over his shoulders and spin him around until he is very uncomfortable.

Hillbilly Moment: Lula Mae's knock knock joke involves hitting Eenis in the head with a cucumber.

Penelope Taynt: Penelope shows the security guard her website, but this is just a distraction to escape.

Totally Kyle: Kyle Rostensan tells his story about the time when he found a rock in his driveway and took it to his room.

The Literals: The Literals are a family who understands things exactly how they sound when they show up at the house of their new neighbors.

Closing: Amanda and the Dancing Lobsters show their dances they have practiced earlier. Penelope joins in as well dressed as a Dancing Lobster, but is chased away by security guards.


Special note: This episode is the first episode to feature the Blockblister sketch.  


