Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=xp8pybke9rzzy0cylton.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=bhcr0y69bel7119zec20.jpg


CAST
Annie Cruz, Carmina Kai, Christian Clay, Johnny Sins, Jordan Ash, Lana Croft, Mark Ashley, Max Mikita, Mia Lelani, Miko Sinz

DESCRIPTION
Special 2-Disc Set. Nobody loves sexuality of the Far Eastern persuasion more fervently than Jonni Darkko, and his Asian Fucking Nation 4 viscerally and artfully expresses the appreciation. The deluxe double-disc stars a cast of Asian fucking sensations in five main scenes plus five more bonus titillations. The double-disc DVD includes five bonus scenes (three with Miko Sinz, one with Lana Croft, one with Max Mikita), behind-the-scenes footage, photo gallery, cumshot recap, cast list, filmographies, and trailers.Scene 1: Max Mikita looks stunning in her leopard mini-dress, garters, seamed stockings and heels. Finding three horny studs, the Asian beauty first takes on Mark Ashley, who fucks her ass and then mouth with his ass-flavored cock. She grooves energetically through a stiff, beautifully photographed double-penetration from Jordan Ash and Christian Clay and happily swallows the cum they spray on her face. Not sated, the tireless, incorrigible slut assembles four pricks for a wild circle-suck that leavesher mentally and physically immersed in thick spunk, with her gorgeous smile shining through.Scene 2: Lana Croft is a pretty redheaded Asian in lingerie, heels and a choker; Annie Cruz is a thick-lipped, natural breasted Asian cutie with a special talent for ejaculating teeming waves of slick girl cum. Lana eats, toys with, deeply rims and fingers Annie to multiple monster orgasmic gushers that look spectacular on camera. With stud Jordan Ash, the graphic, splashy pussy squirting continues, along with ass-to-mouth blow jobs, anal gaping and mouth-to-mouth cum swapping. Even the gag spit is extreme in this torrentially soaking scene.Scene 3: With her long, red hair, tan skin and big boobs, lovely faced Mia Lelani is not your average Asian beauty/slut. She oils up those knockers for a slick titty-fuck, gets her ass lewdly eaten, masturbates with a vibrator and wails through a dick drilling. She drools a load of cum from her lips to her tits, then crawls for more cock... Mia gives two more blow jobs that leaveher semen-drenched, practically swimming with the sperm.Scene 4: Soft features, refined make-up and a shaved pussy characterize the cute, young Asian Carmina Kai, and her black net one-piece finery, decorated with a dragon, looks luxurious. After masturbating outdoors, she comes inside for a strong manhandling. Deep-throat cocksucking produces ample gag spit; shes choked and her hair is pulled hotly during a thoroughly dominating fuck. Carmina orally cleans the mess of jism blasted onto her face, eyes, nose, chin and neck.Scene 5: Longhaired Miko Sinz looks natural, trim and tasty in her pink and white bikini. Turns out thefetching Asian lass likes to sunbathe by her neighbors pool, and shes keen to trade sexual favors for the right ofShe strips and gives a long, sensual poolside blow job. Inside she fucks and sucks cock pulled freshly from her shaved pussy, providing picturesque body language on her hands and knees, hair swaying. The fucking, masturbating and fellatio lead to a two-fisted hand job that launches her studs semen, which she cleans orally.