"The One Show"
Unlike America, Alex Jones is a VERY pretty lady!

I hope "confidential" appears soon

-----------------

If there is someone out there who CANNOT play the recent wave of MP4 files
and would Like an AVI version (no promises) - I read all comments.

Anyone can do this - here's how:

You will need - MP4Cam2AVI
You may need - AtomicParsley

And new toys:

FLV Extract 1.6.2 (not used in this example)
DVBPortal MP4Muxer 0.9.3.0

MP4Cam2AVI is a completely LossLess conversion process.
I call it CC2AVI - "Container Conversion To AVI".
It allows you to "pour" X264 MP4 encodes into an AVI container.
You can keep the AAC audio in the conversion process.
Since VLC doesn't recognize AAC audio in an AVI container,
I convert the audio to MP3 for universal compatibility.

Conversion takes a minute or so, depending on file size.
For some MP4 files there's something in the header info that causes:
"floating point division by zero" error.

Looking high and low I found a way to rewrite the header.
Now (almost) everything seems to work just fine.
It's a command line utility. The syntax to use is:

AtomicParsley  -f true

Unless the file is already flagged as a podcast (in which case, choose 'false')
this rewrites the MP4 header so that it now thinks it's a podcast. Since the
CC2AVI process does not carry this info to the AVI - this doesn't matter.
What matters is that the header information is rewritten so you no longer
get an error.

There are a couple of items that still may not lend themselves to dissection
That's where MP4Muxer comes in. Demux, remux & MP4Cam2AVI works
Fingers crossed.

Have all those MP4 files and an old tablet that can't play them?
Want to use your favorite AVI editing tools?
Wish you could back up frame by frame in Media Player Classic?
Now you too can turn any MP4 encode into your favorite AVI.

--------------------

I choose to remain (mostly) anonymous because we are being watched.
... OK, because I'm paranoid ... that doesn't mean we're not being watched.
I don't do movies (MPAA) or music (RIAA), but I'm still not sure if it's safe.
You don't need to know me - you only need to know my work.

I NEVER claim an x264 encoding credit. I GIVE proper credit where due.

My offerings are clearly identifiable:
use search term "x264.MP3*.avi"
Without quotes for TPB.
With quotes for Google.

So, you've probably seen the last of MP4SUX XVID AVI encodes.

Enjoy!
