All in one

DVDFab is all you need to backup DVDs. DVDFab Platinum 3 is brand new, is completely rewritten, is based on 5 years of DVD copy software development. DVDFab is simply the easiest way to copy a DVD movie. Just insert the movie and a blank DVD then press Start. Your entire movie - including menus, trailers and special features - is copied to a single DVD with just one click, and everything happens automatically. Backup your entire DVD - including menus, trailers, and special features - onto one or multiple discs.

Features Highlight:
A. DVD to DVD
1. 7 DVD to DVD copy modes available: Full Disc, Main Movie, Split, Customize, Clone, Merge and Write Data.
2. Full Disc: All movies, menus and trailers, is copied to a DVD with just one click.
3. Main Movie: Just copy the movie, with specific audio/subpicture.
4. Split: Copy a DVD-9 onto two DVD-5 discs with 100% quality, and preserve original menus on both discs. Ideal for episodic/season DVD movies, TV series, etc.
5. Customize: Personalize your DVDs! Want to make a DVD with only your favorite titles? How about cutting out those annoying commercials? Or selecting specific audio/subpicture? No problem! You can select just your favorite titles, specify the title playback order, with or without original menus, to create a DVD with only the stuff you want!
6. Clone: Make perfect 1:1 bit-to-bit copy of DVDs:
- Make perfect dual layer DVD copy by using the original layer break position.
- Copy data DVD disc, like PS2 DVD.
7. Merge: Combine several titles of several sources into one DVD:
- Combine two DVD-9 like "The Lord of the Rings" into one DVD-9.
- Merge season DVDs to fewer discs.
- Create your own special features collection disc.
8. Very fast copying speed, normally it's about 10 - 20 minutes.
9. Burn to any blank DVD Disc (DVD+R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R DL, DVD-R DL).

B. DVD to Mobile
1. 6 DVD to Mobile copy modes available: Generic, iPod, PSP, Cell Phone, PVP and PDA. More devices support can be added manually.
2. Generic: Convert DVD title to PC MPEG-4/DivX/XVID/H.264 AVI/MP4 file. It also supports all other devices which are not listed in navigation bar.
3. iPod: Convert DVD title to Apple iPod MPEG-4/H.264 MP4 file.
4. PSP: Convert DVD title to Sony PSP MPEG-4/H.264 MP4 file.

C. Benefits
1. Remove all DVD copy protections, like CSS, CPPM, RC, RCE, APS, UOPs, ARccOS, RipGuard, FluxDVD, CORE X2, etc.
2. Constantly updated to support latest DVD copy protections.
3. Backup scratched/dirty disc:
- Even if some information (IFO) cannot be read, you can still copy Main Movie or Customize.
- Recovery from DVD reading (VOB) error.
4. Constantly updated to support latest DVD burners and blank DVD discs.
5. Constantly updated to support more mobile devices.
6. FREE lifetime upgrade.
7. FREE lifetime support via e-mail, worldwide.

Quote:

Changelog:
New: Improved user interface for main window and common settings window.

Fix: A problem that cannot show full user interface at resolution 800x600.
Fix: A no subtitle problem when copying DVD in Full Disc mode.
Fix: A crash problem when changing language in common settings page in certain cases.
Fix: A problem that thumbnail was lost when launch DVDFab without showing the option selection window.
Fix: A problem that opened source was lost when DVDFab is minimized.
Fix: A problem that should not show BD9 and BD5 output in Full Disc mode.
Fix: A problem that cannot change mode back to Main Movie after set output type as Blu-ray to DVD in Customize mode.
Fix: A problem that cannot burn BD9 and BD5 on DVD disc in Blu-ray Copy Main Movie mode.


Supported OS:

Windows 8/7/Vista/XP(32/64 bit) 

Homepage: http://www.dvdfab.com/products.htm

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program, Don't run application also don't restart PC 
2. Copy content from crak folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Restart PC, Run Application, Done, Enjoy.