Tekken 3 (fully working with sound) 


Basically a Fully Working Tekken 3 ISO and the pSX emulator (not the epsxe emulator), i also made a nice little way to launch it, so it acts in the same way a windows game would launch.

What makes this version different from the others is that this is not a rip, it is the full game, and has fully working sound, without the user having to fiddle about with drivers.




Contents of README:



Instructions:

Simply extract the folder 'NAMCO' to the root of your C: drive, 
and then launch the game from C:NAMCOTekken 3 and click 'Launch Tekken 3'
You can make a desktop shortcut to it for convinience :-)

To attach controllers to the game, you will need to plug them in, then click on
'psxfin.exe', then click file, go to config, and then go to the controllers tab at the top.
from there you can map the controls as you like
You can also edit everything else in psxfin.exe, like sound, and graphics options.

This is really just an emulator with a psx .bin copy of tekken 3, however it is very compatible
and fully works with sound just like the original.

All I did was make a neat little way to launch the game, as if it was a windows
application... and made a neat icon too :-)


!!WARNING!!
The shortcuts and interface I made will not work unless the directory is extracted to exactly
the root of your C: drive!
If your native Operating system drive uses a different letter, you will have to:

1. Rename 'Tekken 3.bat' to 'Tekken 3.txt'
2. Open 'Tekken 3.txt', and change the drive letter in the path to the bin file to your
drive letter
3. Save the file in notepad, then close it
4. Rename 'Tekken 3.txt' back to 'Tekken 3.bat'

And the launcher should then work :-)

This can also be used to set up your own custom directory for the game, but I would only
recommend you change anything if you are sure that you know what you are doing!


Hope this little pack helps anyone struggling with Tekken 3 emulation :-D
