Plot:

Herinner je de sprookjes nog die je ouders vroeger aan je vertelden voor het slapen gaan? 
Nou dat waren gaan sprookjes, het waren waarschuwingen.


Quality over Quantity (QoQ) ®eleases
Vertaling: Andreas55, Asteria & WinchesterGirl



Seizoen 2 Aflevering 01: Bad Teeth


After their face-off with Kimura (Brian Tee), Nick finds himself trying to come to grips with the return of his mother, 
Kelly Burkhardt (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio). A trail of brutal murders unveils a foreign conspiracy to hunt down Nick, 
leading to several revelations about his past. Meanwhile, Juliette still lies in her mysteriously-induced coma as Rosalee and Monroe work tirelessly to bring her out of it safely. 
Elsewhere, Hank struggles with the shocking truths he’s recently seen and Captain Renard deals with unexpected family issues when his estranged brother (James Frain) comes back into his life.


Seizoen 2 Aflevering 02: The Kiss


As Nick and his mother (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) continue to battle the Mauvais Dentes (Mike Dopud), 
Monroe and Rosalee fight against the clock to save Juliette. More details are revealed about the source of Juliette’s illness,
 resulting in an epic showdown. Back at the precinct, Hank senses that something is amiss when Nick lands in hot water with the FBI. 
Meanwhile, Captain Renard continues to reveal himself as he deals with his estranged brother (James Frain).



Seizoen 2 Aflevering 03: Bad Moon Rising


As Hank continues to seek help to cope with the inexplicable sighting he had, an old friend, 
Jarold Kempfer, needs his help when his daughter goes missing. Nick’s expertise as a Grimm comes into play as he investigates the disturbing motives linked to the disappearance.



Seizoen 2 Aflevering 04: Quill


During the investigation of an accident site, Nick discovers a disease that is quickly spreading; 
Monroe and Rosalee come across an infected creature; Captain Renard gets a tip about a dangerous fugitive.



Seizoen 2 Aflevering 05: The Good Shepherd


When a local Reverend reports that his church has been robbed, Nick quickly learns that it's a Wesen church, 
and enlists Monroe to check for any suspicious activity regarding the shepherd's flock. 
Meanwhile, Nick and Juliette continue to figure out the rules of their relationship as a dangerous opponent lurks in the shadows with his sights on Nick.



Seizoen 2 Aflevering 06: Over My Dead Body


Angelina (Jaime Ray Newman) comes back in to town with bad tidings as Monroe learns his continued cooperation with the Grimm may come at a high cost. 
Nick comes to Hank for help to keep Monroe safe and Hank uses this time to get caught up with his knowledge of the “Wesen world.” 
Meanwhile, an old European acquaintance (Alice Evans) pays Captain Renard a visit, but it’s hard to tell if this visit is for business or pleasure.



Deze serie wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam.
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc
Kom eens langs op   http://www.hetmultimediacafe.be/

DutchReleaseTeam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs