Prometheus 2012 - Audio Described For The Blind [MP3@320] (oan)
 
http://nimga.com/f/exjXs.png

Audio Description, or more correctly Video Description, refers to an additional
narration track for blind and visually impaired consumers of visual media
[including television and film, dance, opera, and visual art]. It consists of a
narrator talking through the presentation, describing what is happening on the
screen or stage during the natural pauses in the audio, and sometimes during
dialogue if deemed necessary.

The technique is similar to that of an old style radio play.

For the performing arts [theater, dance, opera], and media [television, movies
and DVD], description is a form of audio-visual translation, using the natural
pauses in dialogue or between critical sound elements to insert narrative that
translates the visual image into a sense form that is accessible to millions of
individuals who otherwise lack full access to television and film.

In museums or visual art exhibitions, audio described tours [or universally
designed tours that include description or the augmentation of existing recorded
programs on audio- or videotape], are used to provide access to visitors who are
blind or have low vision. Docents or tour guides can be trained to employ audio
description in their presentations. Audio description of sporting events is now
becoming more common, in particular at soccer stadiums.

Researchers are working to show how description, through its use of varied word
choice, synonyms, metaphor and simile, not only benefits children who are blind
and others who have learning disabilities but can also boost literacy for all
children.

A team of scientists travels through the universe on the spaceship "Prometheus"
on a voyage to investigate alien life forms. The team of scientists becomes stranded
on an Alien world, and as they struggle to survive it becomes clear that the horrors
they experience are not just a threat to themselves, but to all of mankind.


Album Title: Prometheus Audio Described For The Blind
Artist | Group: Prometheus
Label:
Release date: 2012
Genre: Film / Adventure / Sci-Fi
File format: mp3 Stereo
BitRate: 320 Kbps
BitRate mode: CBR
Number of track(s): 1
Total duration: 02h:03m:52s:829ms
Total size: 283.6394 MB


1 - Audio Described For The Blind - [2h 3mn ] [ 284 MiB ]


Ripped by....: oneanight (oan)
Posted by....: oneanight (oan) on on 16th of December 2012