 Released: 2012
Genre: Strategy (Manage / Busin. / Turn-based) / Sport (Soccer) / 3D
Developer: Bright Future
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Game Version: 1.0
Language: English, Russian
Sound language: English
Publication Type: Repack
Crack: RELOADED

Operating system: Windows ┬« XP SP3 / Windows ┬« Vista SP2 / Windows ┬« 7 SP1
Processor: Intel Pentium 4 processor with a clock speed of 2.4 GHz
RAM: 2 GB
Video: 256 MB VRAM
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Free space on hard disk: 8 GB

As a manager you have to lead a modern football club. In FM13 you will be responsible for both the team and the

tactics of her game, and training for players, and for signing contracts with the right players, and for the expansion of the

training base of the club and its stadium. Special attention is paid to herself FM13 license FIFA, three-dimensional engine,

more than 40,000 licensed virtual players (many with pictures of prototypes), the opportunity to be a player-coach and manager

of the national team, the regime of the club, tool for predicting the results of matches and unique, carefully crafted

editor.

GAME FEATURES:
"The dynamics of the team.
"In FIFA Manager 13, you'll get special tools to analyze the team, including" The Matrix team ┬╗(Team Matrix) and the hierarchical pyramid, demonstrates in which players have a problem with his teammates. Section Team Dynamics will learn about the relationship between players and conflicts between them, their personal needs, family relationships, and more. Do you have an assistant who can analyze the team. Advise to familiarize with the psychological portrait of the player, before concluding a contract with him - this will help avoid many problems. Now you need to take into account the personal goals of athletes, because the team can succeed only if it is the leaders and all the players are working closely together. In FIFA Manager 13.you will learn how to resolve conflicts, and understand the expectations of the players and management.
"The objectives of the players.
"Every athlete has a personal goal. Some dream of a place in the first team, while others want to get into the national team, someone important to improve the skills and some dream of a captain armband. There are even players who aspire to be full-time penaltist team. Depends entirely on the purpose of morality rate player and task manager - to make sure that everyone was happy. Now you can talk to the player to affect its expectations or to help choose a new target. There are calls for a variety of situations: for example, you can chat with a player if you want to give it out or put in reserve.
"New Panel from the shortcut menu.
"The new Quick Access Toolbar allows you to conveniently control the game: take as many menu items as you want. This panel is displayed if you have opened a screen, and displays information about possible problems.
"Planning tools.
"In FIFA Manager 13 has three new planning tool. Planner team (Squad Planner) allows you to choose the team for the new season. You can choose both existing players as well as those with which your club is in negotiations, and those who were in the list of scouts. Evaluate different combinations and choose the best team, you can go directly to the negotiations on the acquisition of foreign players.
"Upcoming Events (Upcoming Events).
"All the activities that will take place in the near future, from matches to complete the construction of the new stadium.

Player Development (Player Development Tool). Career plan for each ward, considering factors such as injuries, playing games, talent, playing other positions, and so on. Effective tool to help get the most out of the player in the long term.
"Break.
"Now, in the break, you can say a fiery speech before a player or a team, cheer Team by appointing him a massage, and provide medical assistance to those who received minor injuries. You can also obtain feedback on their decisions and delegate some

authority to his assistant.
"Improved three-dimensional game.
"Tactical actions become much easier and more accurate. Boring numbers are gone: now you choose the ratio of short and long passes, nature of the game, the location and height of the line of defense mounted gear. Submission to the penalty line improved, and the headers are more realistic. Numerous banners fans, as well as their T-shirts, scarves and jackets favorite team colors create a unique atmosphere of the match.
"Live (Live Ticker).
"Now, during the live broadcast of the manager will have new opportunities to influence the course of the game. The highlight of the new system is the ability to give directions to more than 20 different situations. In FIFA Manager 13 can be controlled by the player, to break through a penalty, and use the additional comments. Also, the game returns to step a text mode that fans loved earlier FIFA MANAGER.


Repack Features:
Do not recoded / no cut
Installation time ~ 10 min 