11/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: PCD
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Rescue Strategy

A road tanker exploded in a gigantic ball of fire and took down the prater
ferris wheel recover the survivors and evacuate the area to keep worse
things from happening. In the most enthralling game of the series, you will
extinct giant fires, find and rescue buried people and save whole cities
including their inhabitants and landmarks. Find your own strategy, to regain
control of the situation

Includes full Emergency 2012 Deluxe content plus new content only
available in Emergency 2013

New scenario: A Super volcano threatens central Europe

Four new missions in Vienna, the Eifel, Sylte and St. Peter's Square in
the Vatican

New tactics with the state of the art possibilities of your newest unit
the fire fighting drone

1. Burn or mount the image
2. Install the game.
3. Copy over the cracked content to your installbin.x86 directory,
overwriting the existing file
4. Play the game
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT

Features:

* 12 missions with thrilling large-scale operations in Berlin, Frankfurt, Hamburg, Cologne, Munich, Innsbruck, Zermatt, and other large European cities.
* 3 free play maps: Stay in control of your city in various scenarios such as storms or heavy rainfall, and spend your budget wisely so that you can purchase the very best emergency vehicles.
* Online co-op mode for up to 4 players: Play Emergency together with your friends, and earn your place on the highscore lists.
* All-new controls: Thanks to an interactive tutorial for newcomers and pros alike, Emergency offers a simple and convenient user interface.
* Top-quality graphics: The Visions engine makes for the best Emergency visuals of all times. Special light effects make flames and flashing blue lights flicker realistically and illuminate the surroundings.
* Complex game world: The game world of Emergency is a complex simulation which allows for unforeseen events and various approaches to a solution. 