William Martin - The Lincoln Letter

96 kbps, Unabridged, read by John Pruden
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-lincoln-letter-william-martin/1108361461

Overview
Treasure hunters Peter Fallon and Evangeline Carrington are heading for adventure in Washington D.C., the sleek, modern, power-hungry capital of America...and the crowded, muddy, intrigue-filled nexus of the Civil War. Their prize? A document of incredible historical importance and incalculable value: Abraham Lincoln’s diary.

What if Lincoln recorded his innermost thoughts as he moved toward the realization that he must free the slaves? And what if that diary slipped from his fingers in 1862? A recently discovered letter written by Lincoln suggests that the diary exists and is waiting to be found. Some want the diary for its enormous symbolic value to a nation that reveres Lincoln. Others believe it carries a dark truth about Lincoln's famous proclamation—a truth that could profoundly impact the fast-approaching elections and change the course of a nation. Peter and Evangeline must race against these determined adversaries to uncover a document that could shake the foundation of Lincoln's legacy.

From William Martin, the New York Times bestselling author of The Lost Constitution, The Lincoln Letter is a breathless chase across the Washington of today as well as a political thriller set in our besieged Civil War capital. It is a story of old animosities that still smolder, old philosophies that still contend, and a portrait of our greatest president as he passes from lawyer to leader in the struggle for a new birth of freedom.

Publishers Weekly
International bestseller Martin (City of Dreams) returns with another Peter Fallon historical thriller, this time following the dangerous trail of a lost Lincoln document. Boston antiquarian bookseller Fallon and his erstwhile fiancée Evangeline Carrington seem rather tired of their heroic roles, reluctantly getting caught up in a tense drama when a letter written by Lincoln the day he was killed hints at the existence of a personal diary lost early in the Civil War. Several opposing Washington, D.C., players are desperate to find what Civil War flashbacks show has inspired devious plots and murder. Unfortunately, this central tension is not terribly convincing; Martin strains to justify the practical importance of a diary recounting the president’s thoughts on race and emancipation after emancipation was a reality, and a high-octane fight over it 150 years later feels similarly contrived. Still, there’s pleasure in the pacing and research even when the novel succumbs to occasional indulgent lulls. The idea of uncovering such a piece of history is exciting in and of itself, no matter what its impact—violent or otherwise—might be on the political arena. Agent: Roger Gottlieb. (Aug.)

Library Journal
What were Abraham Lincoln's innermost thoughts about slavery during the early days of the Civil War? And what if he had written them down in a diary that might just exist today? Martin's fourth thriller (after City of Dreams) featuring Peter Fallon and Evangeline Carrington details their efforts to keep the diary from unscrupulous individual who would corrupt Lincoln's words to further their own aims. As always, there is action as well as solid history as the novel jumps from today back to Washington during the Civil War. VERDICT While this new work is rich with the historical detail that Martin's readers have come to expect from his books, the premise is weak. Why would anyone want to kill either to stop or to encourage the publication of Lincoln's evolving stand on emancipation? Regardless, followers of the series will love the book, and newcomers will find that it stands on its own quite well.—Robert Conroy, Warren, MI

WILLIAM MARTIN, The New York Times bestselling author of ten novels, is best known for his historical fiction, which has chronicled the lives of the great and the anonymous in American history while bringing to life legendary American locations, from Cape Cod to Annapolis to The City of Dreams. His first novel, Back Bay, introduced Boston treasure hunter Peter Fallon, who is still tracking artifacts across the landscape of our national imagination. Martin's subsequent novels, including Harvard Yard, Citizen Washington, and The Lost Constitution have established him, as a “storyteller whose smoothness matches his ambition.” (Publishers Weekly) He has also written an award-winning PBS documentary and one of the cheesiest horror movies ever made. Nevertheless, he was the recipient of the 2005 New England Book Award, given to "an author whose body of work stands as a significant contribution to the culture of the region." There are now over three million copies of his books in print. He has three grown children and lives near Boston with his wife.