Spec Ops The Line Update 1-SKIDROW


General Information

Spec Ops The Line Update 1 incl DLC
7-08-2012......Release Date
Protection...........Steam + CEG
TFS................Game Type
Disk(s)......................DOX

Description

Spec Ops: The Line is an action-packed Third-Person Shooter that delivers heart pounding physically close combat through a squad-based play mechanic. Players lead a team of three characters, Captain Martin Walker, Lieutenant Adams and Sergeant Lugo. Each character has his own distinct personality and specialized skills, and the mature story they each play a role in explores the dark side of war in a realistic way, in which there are no good outcomes, only hard choices. As missions are completed more advanced weapons and equipment are made available. In addition, the desert environment of Dubai is brought into the game in a unique way with stunning visuals, and dynamic sandstorms that actively effect level designs, and which can be used to help and hinder progress. The vertical interiors of Dubai high rise buildings also provide tactical advantages and risks that can used be by players. Multiplayer campaigns bring new modes and unusual situations and environments to expand the single player experience.
Key Features

Features

-A new portrayal of the military shooter experience with twisting narrative uncertainties.
-Action packed 3rd Person Shooter gameplay provides an up-close and personal view into the brutality and emotion within the combat.
-Command an intelligent and powerful squad of Delta-Force soldiers in a dangerous and unpredictable combat zone.
-Cross ┬ôThe Line┬ö in a mature story that explores the dark side of war, where there are no bright outcomes, only bad or worse choices.
-Unique Dubai setting strikes the imagination and transports players to a larger-than life playground for vertical gameplay and stunning visuals.
-Sand-filled Dubai provides new gameplay experiences including sand avalanches, and powerful, disorienting sandstorm combat.
-Customisable, Class-Based, Blazing Multiplayer

Install Notes

1. Unpack release
2. Run Spec.Ops.The.Line.Update.1.exe
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder to the main install folder and overwrite
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Release Notes

Read changelog.txt for information on updated content! Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the language of your choice. You don't need to have any of the previous updates installed, as this update is featuring all previous updated content 