                       Mathew Lane DrMS v4.0

Version 4 of the DrMS spatial processor plugin is a native 32-bit & 64-bit VST/AU/RTAS plugin for Mac OSX and Windows. It features massive CPU performance optimisation, while ensuring the same high quality sound DrMS is known for. The update also features an improved GUI with a built in preset management system facilitating simple exchange of settings between different hosts and platforms.

DrMS spatial processor version 4 features:

    NEW Native 32-bit & 64-bit VST/AU/RTAS plugin for OSX & Windows. Avid AAX support is planned.
    NEW Much lower CPU use - same high quality sound
    NEW Built in preset management system - exchange presets between hosts and platforms
    NEW Improved GUI
    MS encoding & decoding
    Spatial audio processing: Zoom in, add Depth, change Width
    Mastering grade filters
    Resonant HPF, LPF and Delay on each of the four processing sections
    Feedback circuit for reverb creation and special effects
    Full mono compatibility
    Autogain circuit for easy level matched A/B comparision
    Smart MCU control surface layout
    Wide range of applications for mixing, mastering and post production, going from simple MS encoding/decoding, over stereo field and depth enhancement, to fixing mono compatibility issues and more
    Presets developed by Dylan '3D' Dresdow (Black Eyed Peas, Michael Jackson, Usher) and Emre Ramazanoglu (Shakira, Duffy, Alexander McQueen)
    Authorisation with iLok (v4.0) or with choice of using iLok or Challenge/Response (v3.3)
 
http://www.mathewlane.com/DrMS.html

DrMS v4.0 is a 32bit/64bit VST/AU/RTAS plugin for OSX and Windows. Avid AAX support is planned.

INSTALLATION:


  ΓÇó  Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

  ΓÇó  Copy the crack from crk folder x32 or x64 to the installation dir to there proper folders and replace originals with cracked ones.


       ΓÇó  That's it! Done.


               enjoY!!!