SKIDROW

proudly presents
Carrier Command: Gaea Mission (c) Bohemia Interactive

28-09-2012......Release Date <-> Protection...........Solidshield
FPS/Strategy.......Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

From the creators of the award-winning Arma tactical military shooter
series comes a next-gen re-imagination of a groundbreaking 80s classic
Set in a vast open archipelago, Carrier Command: Gaea Mission brings a
breathtaking combination of action game and strategy elements!

As a result of a catastrophic war between the United Earth Coalition
and the Asian Pacific Alliance, Earth has been rendered an almost
uninhabitable wasteland. The only hope lies in a distant planetary
system, where the moon Taurus holds the key to restoring Earth's
dwindling water supply. As a battle-hardened member of the surviving
UEC forces, Lt Myrik is put in command of an armed vehicle carrier. By
traversing the seas and establishing a network of island bases, his
mission is to hunt down the enemy and conquer the Dead Zone on the
planetoid Taurus

Features:

Story-Driven Campaign
Follow the immersive storyline as you evolve from underdog rookie to
Carrier Commander in a battle against overwhelming odds

Strategy Campaign
Experience the original 80s classic; select startup settings, the
balance of power and challenge the enemy carrier to an ultimate
strategic duel. Explore 30+ unique islands in 6 distinct climatic
zones

Island Network
Roam the seas to establish a network of island bases for defense
mining and manufacturing. A steady supply of resources is vital to
your campaign's success

Unit Customization
Build new upgrades and weapons for your Carrier and combat units, but
keep an eye on fuel and ammo

Join the Action
Get into the heart of the action by taking direct control of any unit
Shift seamlessly from combat vehicles to strategic map via the unique
Picture-in-Picture window

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision

System Requirements

OS: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor: Intel Core2Duo 2.2 GHz or AMD Dual-Core Athlon 2.5 GHz or faster
Memory: 2 GB
Hard Disk Space: 4 GB HD space
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 8800GT with Shader Model 3 and 512 MB VRAM or faster
DirectX┬«: 9.0c
Sound: DirectX Audio compatible


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/FXqDL.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/mo6pQ.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/yIPcM.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/Hr2N4.jpg


ENJOY!