POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Fire and Brimstone Vol 11 - Called to the Wedding Supper or Cup of Wrath

POtHS Comment: Out to the "Woodshed" with all of us.

Description:

Called to the Wedding Supper ┬╖ September 01, 2012:

Thank you for joining us today for another timely message from your friends at Keep the Faith Ministry. I'm Pastor Hal Mayer, and I have an incredible message for you today. As I think back over the last year at the rapid-fire disasters that have accumulated in the world, I am astonished. The world has gone wild. A staggering number of people were killed by sudden disasters ranging from earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, fires and other major catastrophes. The earth reeled to and fro from it all. One authority suggested that the earth struck back in 2010.

The Pre-Tribulation Rapture Judgment:

Most haven't heard it presented this way before.

Prophecy and the Rapture by John Walvoord:

John F. Walvoord (May 1, 1910 -- December 20, 2002), was a Christian theologian, pastor, and president of Dallas Theological Seminary from 1952 to 1986. He was the author of over 30 books, focusing primarily on eschatology and theology including The Rapture Question, and was co-editor of The Bible Knowledge Commentary with Roy B. Zuck. He earned AB and DD degrees from Wheaton College, an AM degree from Texas Christian University in philosophy, a ThB, ThM, and ThD in Systematic theology from Dallas Theological Seminary, and a LittD from Liberty Baptist Seminary.


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 


