Ron Carter is one of the most recorded bassists in jazz. In his mid-seventies at the time of these sessions, he is very much still at the top of his game as he leads the first big-band date of his own, with potent arrangements by conductor Robert M. Freedman and including some of New York's busiest musicians, including Jerry Dodgion, Steve Wilson, Wayne Escoffery, and Scott Robinson in the woodwind section, brass players Steve Davis, Douglas Purviance, and Greg Gisbert, plus pianist Mulgrew Miller and drummer Lewis Nash, among others. Freedman's charts are short and sweet, all of them under five minutes, with much of the focus on imaginative writing and Carter's melodic bass central in the mix. The material spans from the 1920s to the present, played with imagination. The opening "Caravan" is taken far from its roots, transformed into a breezy bop vehicle, even slipping in a dissonant snippet of "Hot House." The setting of Dizzy Gillespie's "Con Alma" retains its Latin flavor, with a lush introduction by the brass and reeds and strong solos by Miller and Carter. Carter's inventive bass provides the undercurrent for the brisk interpretation of Wayne Shorter's marvelous jazz standard "Footprints," while the upbeat performance of Gerry Mulligan's "Line for Lyons" would have pleased its composer. Carter has long been a prolific composer, and his "Loose Change" is a funky affair with marvelous interplay among the brass and reeds, while "Opus 1.5 (Theme for C.B.)" is mellow and somber, with Charles Pillow's mellow English horn prominent and an intricate solo by Carter. With this delightful big-band date, the veteran bassist continues to surprise and delight listeners during a career spanning five-plus decades. 




1. Caravan	3:40	
2. The Eternal Triangle	3:00	
3. Pork Chop	3:44	
4. Opus 15 (Theme For C.B.)	3:40	
5. Con Alma	4:26	
6. Sail Away	4:20	
7. Opus One	3:30	
8. Sweet Emma	5:15	
9. Saint Louis Blues	4:29	
10. Line For Lyons	3:33	
11. Footprints	4:51	
12. The Golden Striker	3:56	
13. Loose Change	4:10


Nat Adderley 	Composer
Jim Anderson 	Engineer, Mixing, Photography
Jay Brandford 	Sax (Baritone), Soloist
James Burton III 	Soloist, Trombone
Myles Carter 	Artwork
Ron Carter 	Bass, Composer, Primary Artist, Soloist
Steve Davis 	Soloist, Trombone
Jerry Dodgion 	Sax (Alto), Sax (Soprano), Soloist
Duke Ellington 	Composer
Wayne Escoffery 	Sax (Tenor), Soloist
Robert Freedman 	Arranger, Composer, Music Direction
Will Friedwald 	Liner Notes
Dizzy Gillespie 	Composer
Greg Gisbert 	Flugelhorn, Soloist, Trumpet
W.C. Handy 	Composer
Tom Harrell 	Composer
Philip Holahan 	Photography
Jason Jackson 	Soloist, Trombone
Tony Kadleck 	Flugelhorn, Soloist, Trumpet
John Lewis 	Composer
Wendy MacDonald 	Producer
Randall Martin 	Art Direction, Design
Mulgrew Miller 	Piano, Soloist
Nell Mulderry 	Project Manager
Gerry Mulligan 	Composer
Lewis Nash 	Drums
Alex Norris 	Flugelhorn, Soloist, Trumpet
Sy Oliver 	Composer
Jon Owens 	Flugelhorn, Trumpet
Charles Pillow 	Horn (English), Soloist
Douglas Purviance 	Soloist, Trombone (Bass)
Scott Robinson 	Sax (Tenor), Soloist
Wayne Shorter 	Composer
Alan Silverman 	Mastering
Sonny Stitt 	Composer
Juan Tizol 	Composer
Steve Wilson 	Sax (Alto), Soloist


