Are you boring of installing software in any other computers? Portable Software could help you solve the problem.


TuneUp Utilities.2012 v12.0.2160.13 Portable


TuneUp Utilities can make your Windows operating system faster, more comfortable and more secure with just a few mouse clicks. And all operations performed on the operating system are completely safe, because all changes are monitored by TuneUp Rescue Center and can be undone at any time. All TuneUp Utilities modules can be accessed through a common interface that is divided into six categories. The software helps both beginners and experts to make Windows meet their needs in a way that is better, easier and safer. All important system options are explained in an easy way and can be turned on or off at the click of your mouse. TuneUp Utilities will then make the necessary changes in the registry or boot files automatically. We place a high value on system stability, so that Windows won’t stop working reliably. And most changes that you make can be undone in TuneUp Rescue Center – easily and safely. TuneUp Utilities automatically runs important maintenance tasks for you, makes you aware of any problems and offers simple solutions. This ensures performance is always at its best. A slow and untidy computer is now a thing of the past for you. You can also use TuneUp Utilities to customize the appearance of your Windows system – to make working on your computer more enjoyable.

Features:

  Optimize system: Get rid of those PC brakes and drop the dead weight in programs: for maximum speed whether working, surfing, or playing!
  Gain disk space: Find and remove large resource hogs and annoying data trash to make your PC run even more efficiently.
  Fix problems: Fix the most common Windows® problems, scan your hard disk and restore deleted files.
  Customize Windows: Change the visual appearance of Windows® to match your style and safely modify over 400 Windows settings.


Instructions:-
1) Extract Tuneup 2012
2) Use any key to activate your tuneup when necessary.

  enjoy.....
In case of an AV False Positive, I have Provided an Alternate Keygen and also a Serial text file.

Read the .nfo file in case ur key is already blacklisted. 