The Lookout (Le guetteur) - Daniel Auteuil 2012

Subtitles - NO
sous-titrage - NO

1280 x 352 **** /x.264/x.264/ 5.6/10 / 
 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/82664 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1946298/

Daniel Auteuil
Mathieu Kassovitz
Violante Placido

Frankrijk
Misdaad

89 minuten

geregisseerd door Michele Placido
met Daniel Auteuil, Mathieu Kassovitz en Violante Placido

Commissaris Mattei staat op het punt een groep beruchte overvallers te arresteren. Maar op het moment suprême schiet een scherpschutter vanaf één van de daken enkele agenten neer en laat zo de misdadigers ontsnappen. Echter, één van de criminelen is zwaargewond geraakt en er volgt een nietsontziende klopjacht door de mannen van Mattei.

The Lookout (Le guetteur) - Daniel Auteuil 2012

A detective hunts for the marksman who foiled the plan to catch a notorious team of bank robbers.

A high-octane sniper thriller that never quite hits its target, The Lookout (Le Guetteur) delivers bursts of gripping action alongside an otherwise heavy-handed tale of cops and robbers, with a sociopathic killer thrown into the mix.

----------------------------------------------

Worth a look, - 15 September 2012

I enjoyed this french action packed thriller. I would say it is a strange film, weird. Not because of the acting or directing, but because of the story itself. When the movie begins, you can't guess what's going to happen next. No way. There are many subplots and also sub characters. and some sequences seem have been let on the cutting room floor. 

Some lines sound strange; for instance, what the hell a character like Oilivier Gourmet's one - a sadist - would have done with the hoods who capture Mathieu Kassovitz, just before Francis Renaud saves him?

It remains unexplained...

Yes, I consider this is a weird film, but I like this. This is unusual. I love this kind of story lines.

The ending is rather exciting but although predictable.

I guess the director was influenced by Jean Pierre Melville, he picked Bourvil's character's name from LE CERCLE ROUGE - commissaire Matteï. Daniel Auteuil's character is interesting in his hopeless quest of vengeance.

A bittersweet film that deserves to be watched.

------------------------------------------------------

French

Le commissaire Mattei est sur le point d'arrêter un notoire gang de braqueurs de banques, lorsqu'un tireur d'élite, en couverture sur les toits, décime à lui seul une armée de flics et permet à ses complices de s'enfuir. Malheureusement, l'un d'eux est grièvement blessé, et la suite de leur plan est compromise. Tandis que Mattei organise une gigantesque chasse à l'homme, le gang entame une véritable descente aux enfers... 