The Future Of Learning The Michel Thomas Method: Freeing Minds One Person At A Time
by Marilyne Woodsmall and Wyatt Woodsmall
Next Step Press | July 2008 | 462 Pages | ISBN: 1892876116 | PDF | 12 MB 
http://www.amazon.com/Future-Learning-Michel-Thomas-Method/dp/1892876116

Discover the secrets of Michel Thomas, perhaps the greatest educator of our time. Imagine learning a foreign language in 3 days without memorizing, textbooks or homework. Such is the Michel Thomas Method which goes far beyond just teaching languages. This book shows how to apply his method to teaching all subjects. His real goal was to change the system by freeing minds and rekindling the innate drive for learning. Millions world-wide use his tapes and clients included the "Who's Who of Hollywood, Business and Politics." The result of 5 years of one-on-one interviews, modeling and collaboration of the authors with Michel until his passing, and approved by him, this book (for educators, parents, business, and all interested in true learning) reveals his closely-guarded secrets about his method. Discover Michel's philosophy and how he was decades ahead of modern pedagogical theory. How did he do what he did? This book holds the answer and reveals the template for the future of learning.

About the Authors
Marilyne Woodsmall, Ph.M., and Wyatt Woodsmall, Ph.D., are renowned behavioral modelers, international trainers, and experts in human typological research. For 20 plus years they have synthesized their expertise and research in the areas of performance enhancement, learning and creativity, leadership, management science, Neuro-Linguistic Programming (NLP), and cultural change. Known as the experts on experts(tm), they are the principals of Advanced Behavioral Modeling(tm), Inc., a consulting and training firm committed to increasing the performance and productivity of organizations and individuals using advanced behavioral science and learning technologies. They co-created Advanced Behavioral Modeling(tm) Technology, a behavioral science change technology for capturing, explicating, replicating and transferring expertise. They have pioneered its development and application in numerous fields and have designed model-based trainings to increase and maintain high performance levels in high stress situations in private and corporate sectors and in athletic competition. The result: dramatically increased performance, reduced training time and slashed costs. 