                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Explore the world of Ammora as Aki a Shaman, on a mission to unlock magical spells in this gesture based spell fighter. Choose your spells and strategy and battle through 20 levels of story. With stunning visuals and fast game play you will enjoy Runic Rumble on your tablet or phone. Stay tuned for updates as we introduce new levels and challenges.

Runic Rumble is set in the rich, unique world-setting of Amorra, and introduces our protagonist, Aki: a mischievous little creature with a sharp mind, and sharper tongue, who has escaped the bonds of servitude to discover the origins of his people. Although short in stature, he is fearless and, as a sort of novice Shaman, able to wield magic – albeit with a novice’s skill. One night, while creeping around an eerie, deserted campsite, looking for food, and maybe the odd trinket to pocket, Aki is accosted by a powerful and mysterious Entity. Enraged by Aki’s trespass, it transports Aki to another dimension where he is forced to fight for the Entities’ entertainment, battling with his spells and wits in order to escape with his life, and learn some powerful new magics, to boot.

Aki’s spells Spell effects range from Damage, to Healing, Defensive Shields, Damage Over Time and Boost spells which combine with other spells (both the players and the enemies’ spells) to produce a greater effect. Each spell derives from each of the 4 elements featured; Earth, Water, Fire and Dream. These elements produce different outcomes when their projectiles meet in battle. Spells from the Earth element are strong against Dream but weak against Water and Fire. Dream spells are the exact opposite to Earth spells in their relation. Water and Fire, as always, are in opposition.

What's in this version: (Updated : Aug 30, 2012)

    Added the News section which includes the credits.
    General enemy balancing.
    General performance optimisations for Fae Gulch and Latheigh levels.
    Lowered In-game music slightly.
    Fixed graphical issues with 4:3 screen resolutions.
    Fixed post-game screen of Arena Mode not displaying the number of enemies defeated properly.
    Training dummy now shows proper damage done by Shadow Blast in Free Training mode. 


Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                   By bobiras2009	