DivX Plus┬« Converter lets you create high-quality DivX┬« and DivX Plus videos in one simple step, but it offers much more than basic file conversion. The latest version of our video converter has been redesigned so it's easier to customize settings like file size and audio tracks or subtitles. Additionally, DivX Plus output (.mkv) is now free so you can always create MKV files with advanced features. 


DivX Plus video advanced features
We've taken the best aspects of MKV video and made them even better. In addition to creating standard DivX videos, the DivX Plus Converter allows you to create MKV videos with advanced features such as smooth fast forward and rewind.


Customize your videos
DivX Plus Converter introduces a variety of features to customize your videos. If you have language tracks or subtitles in your movie that you don't need, it's easy to remove them. If you need to make sure your video fits on your 1GB USB drive, simply limit the file size. The new interface of DivX Plus Converter also makes it easy to set video bitrate, pass through original audio tracks and more.


To create your own DivX files (.divx), you'll need to purchase DivX Pro to unlock the pro features of DivX Converter. You can try the pro features for free in DivX Plus Converter and DivX Plus Codec Pack for 15 days (there's also a 30-day money-back guarantee). Your purchase of DivX Pro unlocks the ability to:

Easily convert MKV, WMV, AVI, MOV or MP4 files to .divx
Use pre-set profiles to create high-quality DivX videos for your DivX Home Theater, DivX HD or DivX Mobile devices
Create .divx files in your favorite video applications like Sony Vegas or VirtualDub


Convert personal DVDs to DivX

Managing a library of physical DVDs can be a hassle. To digitize your movies and simplify your library, get the DivX MPEG-2/DVD Plug-in to create DivX or DivX Plus files from your personal DVD collection (note that your files must not be copy protected). This plug-in also adds MPEG-2 support to DivX To GoΓäó so you can transfer your MPG, VOB, TS and SVCD files to your DivX Certified┬« devices in a few easy steps.



Hash: BCFCC0CC5145602B62C3BA4389B6A8F2BC8ABD4A



scanned with F-Secure + SuperAntiSpyware + Malwarebytes = CLEAN


ENJOY
       scuba-doo


share the wealth and seed, comments are more then welcome