We recently downloaded this, and just had to share :)

 

 

She-Male Idol: The Auditions 3 - EvilAngel - 1080p

 

Stars: Sarina Valentina, Tiffany Starr, Mia Isabella, Candi Love, Sasha Stokes, Eva Lin, Genesis and Sunshyne Monroe.

 

The pioneering king of transsexual porn, director Joey Silvera, presents a collection of tryouts by some of the most beautiful up-and-cumming she-male ingénues on the scene. 

 

She-Male Idol: The Auditions 3 showcases a bevy of eight gorgeous gender-benders sharing their intimate masturbatory rituals with the camera. Adventurous fans of well-hung he-girls get eight hot scenes of brand new faces and a rare peek at the private moments and mysterious eroticism of the next generation of sexy she-male starlets. Using various anal toys and manual techniques, these aspiring ladyboys are dedicated to getting off and getting viewers off by any means necessary. Its two-and-a-half hours of sizzling solo she-male tease and prime jack-off footage! 

 

Joey provides an intimate view as glammy tranny Eva Lin, ebony princess Genesis, girlish Tiffany Starr, mega-stacked, mega-hung model Mia Isabella, petite black Candi Love, super-feminine Sarina Valentina, big-bonered chocolate she-male Sasha Strokes and phat-assed, baby-faced Sunshyne Monroe all finger, stroke and penetrate their way to solo ecstasy. The footage is spiced up with a bit of gonzo-style interviewing by Joey. She-Male Idol: The Auditions 3 is an excellent introduction to the science of she-male seduction; get ready for a strange and wonderful contest where the viewer is the ultimate judge. Who will be the next She-Male Idol? 

 

Screens:
 
http://video.stockroom.com/dispatcher/movieDetail?movieId=154500

 

Cover Front:
 
http://pic.aebn.net/Stream/Movie/Boxcovers/a154500_xlf.jpg

 

Cover Back:
 
http://pic.aebn.net/Stream/Movie/Boxcovers/a154500_xlb.jpg

 

 

And if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  

 

Cheers  :-) 
