.
.
.
Question: Would you rather I continue providing ISOs or are VOBs better?


3 penny Opera, The - Disc 1 - The Film (1931) FULL DVD (ISO) Criterion Collection

3 penny Opera, The - Disc 2 - The Supplements to follow in a couple days… keep a look out for it.

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This rip is a (DVD-9)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you will need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.

1931
110 minutes
Black and White
1.19:1
Spoken Language: German 
Subtitles: English

Director: 
Georg Wilhelm Pabst

Cast: 
Reinhold Schünzel, Lotte Lenya, Rudolf Forster, Carola Neher, Fritz Rasp, Valeska Gert, Vladimir Sokoloff, Herbert Grünbaum

Disc Features:
* Audio commentary by scholars David Bathrick and Eric Rentschler
* Archival introduction by Threepenny stars Fritz Rasp and Ernst Busch
* New exclusive documentary on Threepenny’s controversial journey from stage to screen

SYNOPSIS:  
The sly melodies of composer Kurt Weill and the daring of dramatist Bertolt Brecht come together on-screen under the direction of German auteur G. W. Pabst (Pandora’s Box) in this classic adaptation of the Weimar-era theatrical sensation. Set in the impoverished back alleys of Victorian London, The Threepenny Opera follows underworld antihero Mackie Messer (a.k.a. Mack the Knife) as he tries to woo Polly Peachum and elude the authorities. With its palpable evocation of corruption and dread, set to Weill’s irresistible score, The Threepenny Opera remains a benchmark of early sound cinema. It is presented here in both its celebrated German and rare French versions.

Bonus Stuff: 
* Criterion Collection Booklet Insert (PDF)
* Criterion Collection Full Cover Scan
* Original German poster from Berlin - 1928