Dark Souls™: Prepare to Die™ Edition will include an untold chapter in the world of Lordran. Sent back to the past, player will discover the story when Knight Artorias still lives.

New Bosses – Including Black Dragon, Sanctuary Guardian, Artorias of the Abyss.
PVP Arena & Online Matchmaking System – Quick matching for players to play 1vs1, 2vs2 and 4 player battle royal.
New Areas – Including Oolacile Township, Oolacile Sanctuary, Royal Wood, Battle of Stoicism which is the training ground for online PVP battles.
New Enemies – Including Wooden scarecrows, Chained Prisoner, Stone Knight.
New NPCs – Including Hawkeye Gough, Elizabeth (keeper of the sanctuary).
New Weapons and Armor – Equip some from the new bosses, enemies, and NPCs

Dark Souls will have many familiar features: A dark fantasy universe, tense dungeon crawling, fearsome enemy encounters and unique online interactions. Dark Souls is a spiritual successor to Demon’s, not a sequel. Prepare for a new, despair-inducing world, with a vast, fully-explorable horizon and vertically-oriented landforms. Prepare for a new, mysterious story, centered around the the world of Lodran, but most of all, prepare to die. You will face countless murderous traps, countless darkly grotesque mobs and several gargantuan, supremely powerful demons and dragons bosses. You must learn from death to persist through this unforgiving world. And you aren’t alone. Dark Souls allows the spirits of other players to show up in your world, so you can learn from their deaths and they can learn from yours. You can also summon players into your world to co-op adventure, or invade other’s worlds to PVP battle. New to Dark Souls are Bonfires, which serve as check points as you fight your way through this epic adventure. While rested at Bonfires, your health and magic replenish but at a cost, all mobs respawn. Beware: There is no place in Dark Souls that is truly safe. With days of game play and an even more punishing difficulty level, Dark Souls will be the most deeply challenging game you play this year. Can you live through a million deaths and earn your legacy?

System Requirements

OS: Windows XP , Windows Vista, Windows 7, or newer

CPU: 2.6 GHz Dual-Core

GPU RAM: 512MB

GPU: ATI Radeon 4850 or better, NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT or better

RAM: 1GB (XP), 2GB (Vista/7)

HDD: 4GB

DX: 9.0c

AUDIO: Direct Sound Compatible

In order for you to play this game you will need to follow some simply steps:

1.Install Game
2.Launch Game from desktop shortcut
3.Create Local profile on windows live(When you will be asked to create an account, yes chouse that option, after that scrool down untill you see a text "create an local account", press it and make your account
4.PLAY GAME

This torrent it`s a full game don`t need`s crack or serial you just install it and follow the steps i provided up :)

More info and support: 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13162.msg62155#msg62155

If you like this torrent seed it to others