The Alan Lomax Collection ~ The Spanish Recordings ~ 8CD (Rounder) [320kb] {MKOP}

Between 1952-53, Lomax made numerous field recordings of the traditional music of Spain. Reaching Spain immediately after the war, Lomax was able to document a culture during a turning point in Spanish history.

WORLD LIBRARY OF FOLK & PRIMITIVE MUSIC, VOL. 4: SPAIN - In his inimitable and casual way, Lomax has assembled a group of songs and dances that exalt the performers without ever losing sight of the elegant simplicity of their music. These recordings were made in the early 1950s in a country that was still very "regional" in nature. The music of Galicians, Castillians, Basques, Andalusians, and many smaller regional cultures is here still in a somewhat pure state (as pure as anything in Europe can claim to be), with radical differences in instrumentation and delivery still evident. At the end of the century, when almost all anyone knows of Spain's music is modern Western pop and flamenco fusion, here is a look at where it all came from.~Louis Gibson

ARAGON & VALENCIA - “The jota is at its best with the scent of rosemary and fresh-plowed earth,” says the opening song on this CD. An infectious collection of danced and sung jotas, archaic threshing songs, May courting songs, struck zither tunes, raucous shawms and lyrical strings, traveling down from the mountains of Aragón to the fertile coast of València.

THE BASQUE COUNTRY: BISCAY and GUIPUZCOA / THE BASQUE COUNTRY: NAVARRE - These two volumes of rare recordings offer improvised sung poetry in the ancient Basque language; deep-voiced fishermen’s harmonies; clear women’s voices from green valleys and mountains; double alboka horn, pipe and drum ensembles; Navarrese jotas; and the irrintzi, the reverberating cry which ended Alan Lomax’s sojourn in Spain. 

EXTREMADURA - In 1952, Alan Lomax described his impression of Extremadura’s “dun plain, with straw-gold glints from the sun, and grey boulders like the faint strips of old, worn mountains.” From this home of balladry come sung tales of brave muleteers, kingly incest, and monks sneaking over convent walls; the sounds of the pipe and tabor; women’s strong voices over tambourines; and a shepherd’s lone chant in his straw hut under the October moonlight. 

GALICIA - Songs for beating flax and cutting stones, wickedly barbed song duels, village pilgrimage songs, and popular dance tunes recorded by Alan Lomax in remote villages of Galicia during the raw, cold winter of 1952.

IBIZA AND FORMENTERA: The Pityusic Islands - These recordings, made in Ibiza's densely wooded hills, and on the lonely, clifftop point of Formentera, lead us into the mysterious world hidden behind today's glossy veneer of tourism. They encompass meditative and satirical songs, ancient flute and drum melodies, and the spine-tingling glottal trills that once rang out from homestead to homestead in the island's interior. 

MALLORCA: The Balearic Islands - The 1952 Palma Folklore Festival was the springboard for Alan Lomax's six-month recording trip through Spain. From the exuberant music of the Festival, he went on to record the island's ancient threshing and olive picking songs, raucous friction drumming, and tunes played by shepherds on moonlit, lonely hills. 

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders