Cover: 
http://i33.servimg.com/u/f33/15/53/85/80/panora10.jpg
Release Info:
To view historic images of virtual places, displaying three-dimensional images and ... They use. Images used in panoramic images must be compatible with each other so there is not a problem in building the image of a combination. This software is suitable for people who are looking for a 360-degree panoramic images or the images are landscapes. certain Panoramastudio Pro V2.4.2 software features: - Ability to build a 360-degree images. - Two dimensional and three dimensional preview feature . - picking work in one or multiple rows of images in the full spherical 360x180 degrees. - The ability to manually adjust the images. - different output using Java and Flash. - filter out additional images. - Ability to print images Poster size and number of pages. 
xtract images in various formats as your screen saver or beautiful landscapes and interesting web site. 
- support more than 1200 images and digital SLR cameras. 
- The ability to import RAW format. 
- Compatible with all versions Windows.

PanoramaStudio 2 Pro
Creation of single- and multi-row panoramas of up to full spherical 360x180 degrees.
PanoramaStudio Pro is the complete solution for the creation of panoramic images. Besides the easy and established creation of panoramas PanoramaStudio Pro offers now also the option to stitch arbitrary arranged images to panoramas. This allows huge panoramas, even beyond the gigapixel limit.

The complete solution for the creation of panoramic images
Feature Overview
Highlights

Easy user interface, large work space with a 2D and 3D preview
Automatic alignement of single- and multi-row panoramas of up to full spherical 360x180 degree panoramas
Seamless blending into a panoramic image
Manual postprocessing of all steps possible
Automatic exposure correction
Interactive panoramas can be connected to virtual tours using hotspots
Filters for additional image editing
Output

Export your panoramas in various image formats, as screensavers and as interactive 3D panoramas or zoom images for websites
Print panoramas in poster size on multiple pages
Save panoramas as multi-layered image for professional post-processing
New in version 2.4 Pro


New tool to insert graphics and logos directly into the panorama
Improved image alignment and improved lens and vignetting correction in single- and multi-row mode
Support for special wide angle lenses
More than 100 new cameras were added to the camera database. PanoramaStudio now detects automatically more than 1800 digital compact and SLR cameras
Updated RAW import
Some minor improvements

Install:

1.Run PanoStudio2ProSetupEn.exe as administrator [Disable Internet Connection]
2.Copy crack file into installation directory[32bit or 64bit]
3.Copy regkey.reg into installation directory & run it
4.Run from desktop shortcut & Enjoy.
Screen Shot: 
http://upanh.shoptinhoc.com/images/33sc12.jpg