genre: adventure / building / puzzle
release date: October 25, 2012
compatible with: Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8)
languages: English
developer / publisher: Northway Games / Northway Games
game modes: single-player

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
10 wallpapers
5 avatars

What's cool about it:

Incredipede features the hauntingly beautiful woodblock art style of artist Thomas Shahan.
A robust level editor for you to make your own levels and share them with your friends.
Stretch your Incredipede into strange and fantastic configurations!

Overview:

Incredipede is a puzzle game that celebrates the vast diversity of life in the world. Follow the adventures of Quozzle, a lone Incredipede on a quest to rescue her sisters. She has a unique ability to grow new arms and legs wherever she needs them, transforming into a snake, a spider, a horse, a monkey - anything you can imagine. You can give her antlers or a tail, use nature as a blueprint or strike out in weird new directions. Control Quozzle as she learns to swing through the trees, climb sheer cliffs, dance over rivers of lava, and even soar through the air on thermal winds.

Incredipede features 60 levels in three beautifully crafted worlds. The first world introduces placing muscles and controlling Quozzle using the keyboard. Futher worlds give you full control over Quozzle's limbs, as you stretch her into new shapes to better navigate her surroundings. Long arms can reach up high to grab ledges, while many feet make for faster crossing over dangerous terrain. It doesn't end there. Use the level editor to create your own puzzles, or challenge others to control your Quozzle designs to the finish line. Browse user-made levels and creatures, and experience the vast diversity of human creativity.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard.

Install and play