The Demon is a fictional character, a superhero and antihero appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.  Created by Jack Kirby, the titular character, named Etrigan, is a demon from Hell who, despite his violent tendencies, usually finds himself allied to the forces of good, mainly because of the alliance between the heroic characters of the DC Universe and Jason Blood, a human to whom Etrigan is bound.  Etrigan resembles a squat, muscular humanoid creature with orange (or yellow) skin, horns, red eyes, and ears resembling bat wings.  Blood is a tall, thin, suave man with dark red hair and a lined face.  The character was originally based in Gotham City, leading to numerous team-ups with Batman.

Even among demons, Etrigan is considered to be extremely powerful.  He has above superhuman strength (mystically enhanced) to the degree that he can stand against other powerhouses like Superman, Wonder Woman, and Lobo.  He has a high degree of resistance to injury and can project hellfire from his body; usually from his mouth.  Other powers include:  a very high command of magic, including enhanced fangs and claws; enhanced senses; super speed; agility; telepathy; energy blasts; and precognition.  His sadomasochistic nature allows him to enjoy pain as if it were pleasure, making him generally fearless in the face of combat and torture.  His healing factor can handle an incredible amount of damage, allowing him to recover from wounds that have removed large sections of his body.  As seen in Batman: The Brave and the Bold, it appears that he also has some matter manipulation power on a molecular level.  His powers can be extended by other magical devices, such as The Crown of Horns.  Etrigan is also provided with insight to religious aspects and other forbidden, or secret knowledge.

Etrigan has all the limitations usually associated with a demon, including a weakness towards holy powers, and iron.

Jack Kirby created the Demon in 1972 inspired by a comic strip of Prince Valiant in which the titular character dressed as a demon.  Kirby gave his creation the same appearance as Valiant's mask.  According to Mark Evanier, Kirby had no interest in horror comics, but created Etrigan in response to a demand from DC for a horror character.  Kirby was annoyed that the first issue sold so well that DC required him to remain on it and abandon the Fourth World titles before he was done with them.

The comic was published from August, 1972 ΓÇô January, 1974, only lasting 16 issues.

This torrent contains the entire 16-issue Volume 1 of this comic book, edited, written and drawn by the inimitable Jack ΓÇ£KingΓÇ¥ Kirby.

Enjoy, and please seed.

