[Enigmatic Music Collection] Adiemus - 8 Albums

01. Adiemus Live (mp3 192)
02. Cantata Mundi (flac)
03. Dances Of Time (flac)
04. Imagines Oceans (mp3 192)
05. Songs Of Sanctuary (flac)
06. The Armed Man - A Mass For Peace (mp3 256)
07. The Eternal Knot (flac)
08. Vocalise (flac)

Adiemus  is the title of a series of vocalise-style albums by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins. It is also the title of the opening track on the first album in the series, Songs of Sanctuary.

Adiemus was performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra with additional performers and a project choral group conducted by Jenkins. The lead vocalist is Miriam Stockley from South Africa. The music is generally categorised as New Age.

Each Adiemus album is a collection of song-length pieces featuring harmonised vocal melody against an orchestra background. There are no lyrics as such, instead the vocalists sing syllables and 'words' invented by Jenkins. However, rather than creating musical interest from patterns of phonemes (as in scat singing, or in numerous classical and crossover compositions), the language of Adiemus is carefully stylised so as not to distract the listener's attention from the pitch and timbre of the voice. Syllables rarely end in consonants, for example. In this respect it is similar to Japanese and several other languages. The core concept of Adiemus is that the voice should be allowed to function as nothing more than an instrument, an approach that has become something of a trend in recent choral writing (compare, for example Vangelis's score for the film 1492: Conquest of Paradise (1992), or "Dogora", a symphonic suite by French composer Étienne Perruchon). The word Adiemus itself resembles the Latin word 'adeamus' meaning 'let us approach' (or "let us submit a cause to a referee"). Jenkins has said he was unaware of this. Even more appropriately, perhaps, it also resembles two 1st person plural forms of the Latin verb 'audire' (to hear), viz. 'audiemus' (we shall hear) and 'audiamus' (let us hear).

