So all you need is a Steam-account and the Source 2007 SDK Installed.

Have fun with this new free2play Counter-Strike Game!

If you need any support you can get that in #CSPromod @ Quakenet.


You should only run the fix if you have problem connecting or steamid ticket errors ingame.


System Requirements

Minimum:

    1.7 GHz processor
    512 MiB RAM
    DirectX 8.0+ compatible video card
    Mouse, Keyboard, Broadband internet connection
    Windows XP, Vista, 7 (both 32-bit and 64-bit versions) 

Recommended:

    Pentium 4 processor 3.0GHz+ (or equivalent)
    2 GiB RAM
    DirectX 9.0+ compatible video card
    Mouse, Keyboard, Broadband internet connection
    Windows XP, Vista, 7 (both 32-bit and 64-bit versions) 


NOTE: Graphic cards that utilize only DirectX 7.0 are not compatible with CSPromod! (Cards such as nVidia GeForce 4 MX series or ATI Radeon 7000-7200 series). DirectX 8.0 or higher is required, due to player advantages present in DirectX 7.0 (such as boxes fading in the distance). Mac OS X and GNU/Linux are not currently supported on the client side.


Software Requirements

In order to run CSPromod, you will need:

Steam installed on your computer
A full install of Source SDK Base 2007 (located in the 'Tools' tab in Steam) 

The rest of needed files will be downloaded when you launch the CSPromod for the first time. 


Installation Methods and Directories

There are two ways to install CSPromod. Users are able to choose between the .ZIP archive (manual install) or .EXE self-extraction installer (automatic install).

For those that have chosen to utilize the .EXE self-extraction installer:

Follow the on-screen prompts to install the mod
Restart the Steam client after a successful install to allow the mod to show up under the Steam 'Library' list.
Steam should download all the additional files automatically on the first run. So be patient. 

For those that have chosen to manually install CSPromod via .ZIP archive:

    Default directories where to extract the archive are:
        32-bit users:

        C:Program FilesSteamsteamappsSourceMods

        64-bit users:

        C:Program Files (x86)SteamsteamappsSourceMods

Restart Steam after a successful extraction to allow the mod to show up under the Steam 'Library' list.
Steam should download all the additional files automatically on the first run. So be patient. 

In case of any troubles check if a directory called 'cspromod' is within the 'SourceMods' directory.
Changelog 

------------------------------------------
