Iron Man, Scarlet Witch, U.S. Agent, Spider-Woman, Wonder Man:  battle-hardened heroes of awesome power and courage who have cut loose from the past to forge a new team ready to confront the challenges of these dangerous, modern timesΓÇª

Stan Lee Presents:  FORCE WORKS

Force Works was a Marvel Comics superhero team. It first appeared in July, 1994.  The title was written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning, and initially drawn by Tom Tenney.

Force Works began shortly after the West Coast Avengers (this entire series can be found here:  http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7534777/Avengers_West_Coast  ) disbanded.  Tony Stark, otherwise known as Iron Man, sought to form a superhero group, the East Coast branch of the Avengers, which would portray a different philosophy than its predecessors:  they would not only stop disasters, but help prevent them.  The team was initially composed of Iron Man, U.S. Agent, Spider-Woman (Julia Carpenter), Scarlet Witch, and Wonder Man. By the end of their first mission, Wonder Man was thought dead at the hands of the invading Kree.  Shortly thereafter the alien, Century, replaced Wonder Man.  The group used a combination of The Chaos Computer (a super-computer that used incoming information to predict future events,) and the hex powers of the Scarlet Witch to attempt to prevent major world problems.

Although Force Works was officially led by the Scarlet Witch, Iron Man would often act insubordinately and make his own decisions during their missions.  Later, it was revealed that Iron Man was under the influence of the time-traveling villain, Kang, The Conqueror (even later revealed to be his future self, Immortus, in disguise.)  The team fought several battles, existed for just less than two years, and then disbanded.  Most of its members rejoined The Avengers, or sank into obscurity.

Shortly after the disintegration of the group, Tony Stark died in his attempts to regain control of himself from Kang, and was replaced by a younger, alternate-reality version of Tony Stark.  The original Stark did not remain dead for long, due to the events that culminated in the Heroes Reborn storyline.

Enjoy, and please seed.
