                 Windows Phone 7 in Action-2010kaiser





Summary

Windows Phone 7 in Action is a hands-on guide to building mobile applications for WP. Written for developers who already know their way around Visual Studio, this book zips through the basics, including an intro to WP7 and Metro. Then, it moves on to the nuts and bolts of building great phone apps.
About the Technology

Windows Phone 7 is a powerful mobile platform sporting the same Metro interface as Windows 8. It offers a rich environment for apps, browsing, and media. Developers code the OS and hardware using familiar .NET tools like C# and XAML. And the new Windows Store offers an app marketplace reaching millions of users.
About the Book

Windows Phone 7 in Action is a hands-on guide to programming the WP7 platform. It zips through standard phone, text, and email controls and dives head-first into how to build great mobile apps. You'll master the hardware APIs, access web services, and learn to build location and push applications. Along the way, you'll see how to create the stunning visual effects that can separate your apps from the pack.

Written for developers familiar with .NET and Visual Studio. No WP7 or mobile experience is required.

Purchase includes free PDF, ePub, and Kindle eBooks downloadable at manning.com.
What's Inside

    Full introduction to WP7 and Metro
    HTML5 hooks for media, animation, and more
    XNA for stunning 3D graphics
    Selling apps in the Windows Store

About the Authors

Timothy Binkley-Jones is a software engineer with extensive experience developing commercial IT, web, and mobile applications. Massimo Perga is a software engineer at Microsoft and Michael Sync is a solution architect for Silverlight and WP7.
Table of Contents4> PART 1 INTRODUCING WINDOWS PHONE

    A new phone, a new operating system
    Creating your first Windows Phone application
    PART 2 CORE WINDOWS PHONE
    Fast application switching and scheduled actions
    Launching tasks and choosers
    Storing data
    Working with the camera
    Integrating with the Pictures and Music + Videos Hubs
    Using sensors
    Network communication with push notifications and sockets
    PART 3 SILVERLIGHT FOR WINDOWS PHONE
    ApplicationBar, Panorama, and Pivot controls
    Building Windows Phone UI with Silverlight controls
    Manipulating and creating media with MediaElement
    Using Bing Maps and the browser
    PART 4 SILVERLIGHT AND THE XNA FRAMEWORK
    Integrating Silverlight with XNA
    XNA input handling




Paperback: 480 pages
 
Publisher: Manning Publications
 
Author(s): Timothy Binkley-Jones, Massimo Perga, Michael Sync
 
Language: English
 
ISBN-10: 1617290092
 
ISBN-13: 9781617290091