nERv

Legend of Grimrock (c) Almost Human Games

04/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......:
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Adventure/RPG

Legend of Grimrock is a dungeon crawling role playing game with an oldschool
heart but a modern execution. A group of prisoners are sentenced to certain
death by exiling them to the secluded Mount Grimrock for vile crimes they
may or may not have committed. Unbeknownst to their captivators, the
mountain is riddled with ancient tunnels, dungeons and tombs built by
crumbled civilizations long perished now. If they ever wish to see daylight
again and reclaim their freedom the ragtag group of prisoners must form a
team and descend through the mountain, level by level

The game brings back the oldschool challenge with highly tactical real-time
combat and grid-based movement, devious hidden switches and secrets as well
as deadly traps and horrible monsters. Legend of Grimrock puts an emphasis
on puzzles and exploration and the wits and perception of the player are
more important tools than even the sharpest of swords could be. And if you
are a hardened dungeon crawling veteran and you crave an extra challenge,
you can arm yourself with a stack of grid paper and turn on the Oldschool
Mode which disables the luxury of the automap Are you ready to venture
forth and unravel the mysteries of Mount Grimrock

Key Features
Explore a vast network of ancient tunnels, discover secrets and find a way
to survive in the perilous dungeons of Mount Grimrock
Cast spells with runes, craft potions with herbs and fight murderous
monsters with a wide variety of weaponry
Create a party of four characters and customize them with different races,
classes, skills and traits
Pure blooded dungeon crawling game with grid-based movement and thousands
of squares riddled with hidden switches, pressure plates, sliding walls,
floating crystals, forgotten altars, trapdoors and more

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game
4. Play the game
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT
