WARNING: THIS IS NOT OFFICIAL DLC. IT HAS BEEN PORTED FROM PC. IT IS NOT 100% FUNCTIONAL. IT'S BUGGY, IT FREEZES, AND OCCASIONALLY CORRUPTS SAVES. USE AT OWN RISK.

Now with that out of the way, here's the skinny. I have spent the last two weeks working with the PC DLC for Skyrim, bringing it over to PS3. Does it work? Yes! Does it work well? No! However at the moment, both DLCs together are stable enough to allow ps3 owners to play a good chunk of the DLCs. This is the first release I was comfortable sharing with other users. 

Videos of both DLCs in action on a PS3:
Dawnguard PS3
Hearthfire PS3

From the README.TXT:

Hi. This is the Skyrim DLC on ps3.

I did this because BESHITTA wouldn't. 
They have been sitting on their hands for way too long.

This is both the Dawnguard and Hearthfire DLCs. They are BOTH experimental, 
BOTH unofficial, and BOTH buggy. I have noticed a number of bugs, but here 
are the big ones:

Dawnguard quest will crap out when entering the cave southeast of Riften. 
I don't know what causes it, but it just loads forever and goes nowhere. 
So Fort Dawnguard and other new locations are inaccessible. However
the majority of new map locations are functional, minus the odd debug
information some areas have.

Some creatures do not move. This includes but not limited to: Large mantis
creatures, hell hounds, wolves, foxes, and the Falmer. Sadly the fucking bears
work just fine.

The audio for any Dawnguard or Hearthfire dialouge does not play. Turn subtiles
on if you want to know what's going on.

Crossbows will crash the game. However dragon weapons work just fine. (Must
have dragon smithing perk)

Occasionally a master vampire will appear at night in Whiterun and crash the
game when they attack the player.

Some areas in Hearthfire have graphical glitches, and glass weapon cases
will not function correctly.

Expect crashes, infinite loading screens, glitched characters, and other irritations.

Enjoy, and please note and comment any other bugs or irritations you find.
I'll keep a record in case I find someone who can fix them, or if I learn to myself.