                  PART  391


           THE VENTURES -  Hawaii Five-O  (1969)
           THE MARMALADE -  Rainbow  (1970) (second version)
           BADFINGER - Day after day  (1971)
           CHRISTIE  - Iron Horse  (1972)



    "Hawaii Five-O" is an instrumental album by The Ventures. It was released in 1969.and  reached #11 on the Billboard Top LP chart, staying for 24 weeks. The album was certified gold by RIAA on July 21, 1971. The album was propelled by the hit title track, which reached #4 on the Billboard Pop Singles chart. The tune was composed by Morton Stevens.Although the theme is most widely known as an instrumental, it has been released with at least two different sets of lyrics. The first, by Don Ho, starts with the familiar tempo, then settles into a ballad style. The second, by Sammy Davis, Jr., titled "You Can Count on Me (Theme from Hawaii Five-O)", maintains the driving style of the original instrumental throughout. The song "Hawaii Five-O" was featured in the film "50 First Dates" (2004).

   "Day After Day" is a song recorded by the rock/pop band Badfinger for inclusion on their 1971 album, "Straight Up". The song was written and sung by Pete Ham and produced by George Harrison, who plays some of the slide guitar parts of the song along with Ham. The record also features Leon Russell on piano. As the song was unfinished at the time Harrison left the Badfinger album to produce the Concert for Bangladesh, the final mix was done by Todd Rundgren, who took over "Straight Up" after Harrison's departure.
          Released as a single in the U.S. in November 1971, it would become the group's highest charting single there, peaking at #4 on the Billboard Pop Singles chart. It also peaked at #10 on the UK Singles Chart in January 1972. It remains the band's best-known song, most notably for the slide guitar solos. It went Gold in March 1972, becoming the band's first and only gold single. The single reached #10 on Billboard's Easy Listening survey.