

 PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit


When The SHTF - SURVIVAL for 2013
Volume 2
Woodmaster Survival Skills


POtHS - When The SHTF - SURVIVAL for 2013 Vol 2 - Woodmaster Survival Skills

When The STUFF Hits The Fan

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


POtHS Comment: When the Time comes to Head for The Hills. You need to be ready to leave town with everything you need in 10 minutes. Once you get out of town THEN you have to Survive!!! Here are some good Survival Tips.

Description:  
Woodsmaster's Survival Videos

1.  Woodmaster 1: Spark Based Fire Starting

2.  Woodsmaster 2: Shelter and Priorities

3.  Woodsmaster 3: Survival Kits

4.  Woodsmaster 4: Travel and Navigation

5.  Woodsmaster 5: Traps and Trapping

6.  Woodsmaster 6: Primitive Weapons

7.  Woodsmaster 7: Jungle Living Skills

8.  Woodsmaster 8: Tracking

9.  Woodsmaster 9: Primitive Knifemaking

10.  Woodsmaster 10: Survival Camping

11.  Woodmaster 11: Solo Survival Skills

12.  Woodmaster 12: Vehicle Survival Skills



*Vehicle extraction and repair gear recommendations for your Vehicle "survival kit".
*Winches, High lift jacks, winching technique and safety.
*Mirror, fire and improvised signaling techniques.
*Tire repair in the field.
*Getting Unstuck in sand or dirt.
*Improvised winches and "Dead man" anchors.
*Improvised repairs for tires, radiators and more.
*Cool Woodsmaster tips and techniques.

(about 104 minutes)

13.  Woodsmaster 13: Desert Survival
In this volume of the Woodsmaster they traveled to deserts ranging from the California Mojave Desert to the Bruneau Desert of Idaho to the beautiful desert mesas of UtahΓÇÖs Moab. During the course of their travels they were able to capture the essential skills of on-the-ground desert survival. During this great video you will learn the essentials of water location, desert travel, desert shelter, Physiological effects, clothing and protection.


You will see first hand the process of constructing a "solar still" and a "transpiration still" and be able to decide for yourself if these techniques are worth the effort. You will also learn about some of those "movie skills" seen on popular programs... Is it cool to take off your shirt in the desert? Find out...

(about 100 minutes)


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

                                             

      thankyou    thankyou     Thank You JESUS

 
