Just figure I'd throw out the beast with how well (I think) the new Valiant release is going.  Enjoy

The Valiant Universe was created by Solar as the result of his attempt to recreate his universe after he accidentally destroyed it.[4] As a result, a universe similar to his own emerged. Solar's psychological tendencies manifested themselves in his recreation of the universe. It was eventually discovered that several times during the Valiant Universe's history, Earth was attacked by a race of spider-like aliens, who sought to use the human race for slave labor and food. Their efforts were indirectly responsible for the creation of several heroes, most notably X-O Manowar and Shadowman.

The early 1990s saw the rise of psionically empowered humans called Harbingers. They were led by Toyo Harada, a powerful psionic businessman with a Messiah complex. While on the surface he operated in a manner similar to Professor Xavier of the X-Men, he actually sought to use Harbingers to take over Earth, in order to "save the world from itself", with himself as leader. The history of the Valiant Universe's super-powered community was greatly influenced by Geomancers, human beings who had an ability to listen to psychic impressions left on most everyday objects.
From the beginning, all Valiant Comics titles were divided into two groups:

Titles in the 20th century (the present)
Titles set in the 41st century (beginning with 4000 A.D.).

Heroes from the present were not aware of heroes in the future until the Unity crossover. Four heroes from the present - Solar, Gilad the Eternal Warrior and his two brothers, Ivar ("Timewalker") and Aram (Armstrong from Archer & Armstrong) - survived into the 41st century, but their experiences through the centuries had made them different from their contemporary counterparts

ACCLAIM:
Acclaim Universe (VH2)

When Acclaim Entertainment bought Valiant Comics, the universe was completely restarted. In 1996, with all previous Valiant Universe (VH1) titles canceled, Fabian Nicieza, a former editor and writer from Marvel Comics, was hired as senior vice-president and editor-in-chief and given the task of revamping Valiant Comics properties.

As editor, Nicieza oversaw the new version, dubbed VH2 by the company, which re-imagined all of the Valiant characters such as Shadowman, X-O Manowar and Ninjak, using the top comic book writers of the period including Warren Ellis, Mark Waid, Kurt Busiek and Garth Ennis. The line also introduced new titles such as Troublemakers, Trinity Angels and the hit comedy Quantum and Woody.