POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 103  - The Germ Theory FRAUD and Death by Medicine

POtHS Comment: For Xmas gifts please burn just 7 DVD's with POtHS Info and Give them to Seven Friends that will watch and Pass on The DVD's. Forget about socks, ties and Aftershave!!! Educate your friends for Christmas with POtHS.

Description:

William Cooper - Germ Theory with Alex Loglia:
An eye-opening series on the Germ Theory with Alex Loglia (special HOTT guest), the truth about germs and what AIDS and HIV really are, Vaccines and Cancers...  The truth is MUCH scarier than fiction. Find out more in this well-researched and documented evidence presented on The Hour of the Time broadcast special in 4 parts.

I'd like to share this here, if I may, for those who have the attention span to appreciate it. In this 1993 Bill Cooper 'Hour of the Time' broadcast, Alex Loglia tackles the issue of vaccinations, and notes how so much of the data regarding their efficacy has been due not to any proven disease-prevention technology, but rather to things like reclassification of the same diseases under different names, and purposely-altered guidelines for diagnoses upon the introduction of universal inoculation into a population.

For those who wish to venture even farther down the rabbit hole, I would recommend looking into the Germ Theory of Disease itself presented in this video series.  The latter gets into the pleomorphic nature of bacteria and other microorganisms, and revisits the theories (and public and scientific acceptance) of Louis Pasteur, along with competing theories of such notable figures as Béchamp, who insisted that germs no more cause disease than roadkill causes vultures, and who opened a window into a 'microverse' so incredible that it threatened to upset the scientific/pharmaceutical paradigms.

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.