Val Mcdermid - Tony Hill 06 - Fever Of The Bone,Epub, Mobi

When teenager Jennifer Maidment is murdered and mutilated, Tony Hill, criminal profiler is called to Worcester to help with the case. It is revealed that Jennifer and her friends are fans of the social network Rigmarole. Jennifer left her friend to meet with someone she had connected with on Rigmarole and was not seen again alive. The person Jennifer went to meet is known as ZZ. Jennifer is the first teenager to disappear but she will not be the last.
 
Meanwhile back in Bradfield, Detective Chief Inspector Carol Jordan is still heading up the Major Incident Unit but has been put on notice by the new Chief Constable that her team is on a three month trial and at the end of the three months, there might be major changes in the unit. The Chief Constable also informs Jordan that Tony Hill is too expensive and if a profiler is necessary, she needs to request one from the newly trained profiling unit.
 
A teen-aged boy is reported missing in Jordan’s district. The boy’s body is found and he has been victimized in the same manner of Jennifer Maidment. The boy also has a connection to Rigmarole and has a special friend on the network who goes by just initials. Tony and Carol are both investigating along the same lines but unable to share information with each other.
 
They are both beginning to believe that there is a violent killer using the social network to attract victims and kill in a way that is very gruesome as well as puzzling. As the victim list gets larger, the two are finally able to put their findings together and go after a killer who is unlike any they have come across before. 

While trying to track down the killer, both Tony and Carol are also working on finding out more about Tony’s father. Tony has just recently learned the name of his father and received an inheritance from him. 

The hunt for the killer takes front and center but the back-story regarding Tony’s family adds an interesting element. Fever of the Bone is the best Val McDermid novel I’ve read to date.


Enjoy!