Gallery: 
 
http://imagedomino.com/?g=323972

Brand new to the adult industry, we meet this girl on a very hot day in June, and she's one of those serious crossfit gym girls. She wants to do all kinds of adult work, but we warm her up here, and have lots of fun with her on FTV. Out on a street, we watch her jog by, then see her breasts come out and do it topless. In no time she's butt naked, running naked on the street! On a public dare, we go to her gym, extremely busy with people working out, and she does some topless workouts right in front of everyone, from weights, squats, stretching, splits, and even some topless jazz dance in the dance hall! Back home, she starts masturbating with fingers, then ends up with the Vibraking to orgasm. We then get extreme closeups of her private parts, gaping, and labia stretching. She experiments with a banana and zucchini, which she manages to stuff incredibly deep to the point where they almost go missing! Comfy on the couch, she then finger masturbates and has multiple toe curling orgasms with visible vaginal contractions! Later that night, we have a dinner date with her, and watch her flash her perfect butt and breasts outside the restaurant, and a drugstore! The next morning, we watch her wake up, do situps, some laps in the pool (naked of course!) and take a shower and shave her private parts. Then she does a morning masturbation with fingers to a nice natural orgasm with visible vaginal contractions. Putting on a sexy dress & heels, she shows us that she can be super sexy and dressy when she likes, totally glamorous with those legs of hers. Upskirt and fingering, breast play, teasing us with those heels on. Back home, she plays with the Big Pink Toy, which she takes incredibly deep to nearly its base, then does the splits on it and goes even deeper! She can definitely take things... deep. Back out at another resort, she's in an even sexier dress and strappy heels, finds a place to finger herself, and a security guard shows up right behind her while we're shooting extreme closeups! Time to leave, she drives the car topless as some people in SUV's notice... Back at home she uses the wine bottle like a toy, riding it on the kitchen table! The sun is setting, and thunderclouds are approaching, so she goes out for a naked run on a hiking trail, letting us watch her naked & fit form until the rains come. Another fun adventure shoot, with a first timer who definitely had a lot of fun on FTV :)