Year / Date: 2011
Version: 10.0.1011
Developer: StatSoft
Web Developer: http://www.statsoft.com/

Bit depth: 32bit
Compatibility with Vista: complete
Compatible with Windows 7 full time
Language: English
Medicine: Present

System requirements:
256 MB of RAM; 512 MB or more recommended
500 MHz processor speed; 2.0 Ghz or more recommended
220 MB of hard disk space; 500 MB or more recommended
Windows 2000 or later
Description:
STATISTICA - a system for statistical data analysis, which includes a wide range of analytical procedures and techniques:
more than 100 different types of graphs, descriptive statistics and intra-, exploratory data analysis, correlation, basic statistics, fast and block statistics, the probability calculator online, T-criteria (criteria other group differences), frequency tables, conjugation, flags and titles, the analysis of multidimensional responses, multiple regression, nonparametric statistics, the total variance and covariance model analysis, fitting distributions, data mining, neural networks, and more. Series products are based on STATISTICA most modern technology, fully comply with the latest developments in IT, can solve any problem in data analysis and processing, are ideally suited for solving practical problems in marketing, finance, insurance, economics, business, industry, medicine, etc . etc.

Install instructions
0. Disconnect from the Internet, block the apps with a firewall or
add the following line to your hosts file (e.g. Windowssystem32driversetchosts)

127.0.0.1 registration.statsoft.com

1. Start installing the included retail version of STATISTICA v10.0.228.8

2. When prompted for a serial number and a CD key use the following data:

Serial: STA999K347150-W
CD-Key: QCNCLYG6VR4GTPHNGP1C

3. Fill out the registration details including a valid email (e.g. no_email@none.com)
Select manual registration when asked - not automatically.

4. Complete the installation and if the installer complains that it cannot
register the software online, just acknowledge and continue the installer.

5. Run the included custom updater (located in the Update folder) in the same folder
as the main executable (statist.exe): e.g. Program FilesStatSoftSTATISTICA 10

This will updated your version of Statistica from v10.0.228 to v10.0.1011,
which includes the MR1 update and additional hotfixes.

6. Copy and overwrite Program FilesStatSoftSTATISTICA 10STAT.lic
and Program FilesStatSoftFLEXlmSTAT.lic (in case you installed FlexLM)
with the included STAT.lic located in the Crack folder.

If you want to use it as a standalone version (e.g. not in an enterprise
network environment), then copy also all the additional *.dll files.

7. Start Statistica 10 Enterprise and have fun using it! 