Thu Aug 16, 2012	Bourgeouis' Last Stand, Pt. 1

Part 1 of 2. Deputies hunt copper thieves; shots are fired in the swamp in the middle of the night; a deputy investigates a strange theft case.

	

Thu Aug 16, 2012	Bourgeouis' Last Stand, Pt. 2

Conclusion. Deputies pursue suspects in a copper-theft case; a deputy's birthday dinner turns into a gator hunt; a man claims to have captured a fabled swamp creature.

Please SEED!

                         *** NEWS ***


“Cajun Justice” season finale bids farewell to the Terrebonne Parish Sheriff’s Office. Today in “Big Brother.” TV tweet of the day so far.
cajunjustice.jpgA&EVernon Bourgeois in 'Cajun Justice.'

Take a good look at the cast and setting of “Cajun Justice” during its back-to-back episodes airing Thursday (Aug. 16) night. The A&E network reality series, which has performed well enough ratings-wise to get a renewal, is moving on after its 9 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. season-finale episodes.

“The show will no longer be in Terrebonne,” said Mark Kadin, executive producer. “It’s been a definite lesson for me in the politics of Louisiana, that’s for sure.”

The show’s first season so far has averaged about 1.5 million viewers an episode, Kadin said, facing strong competition early and late in its run against the NBA Playoffs and then the Summer Olympics.

“A&E is very happy with the numbers,” he said. “We held our own against the Olympics.

“With such a unique show, we knew it would take a little while to catch on."

Tracking staffers in Sheriff Vernon Bourgeois’ office and the citizens they police, the series met with some negative reaction by viewers in the parish, at least as reflected in the pages and on the website of the Houma Courier, which polled readers and solicited mini-reviews via Facebook.

Kadin said he tried to get Larpenter to think about it by increasing the show’s payment to the budget-strapped department from $1,500 an episode to $10,000 an episode.

The answer was still no, Kadin said.


