The second major release of Apartheid Linux 14, codenamed «Houston Stewart Chamberlain» is now available for download.

AL14 differs from most distributions of GNU/linux out there. Like Arch and Gentoo it does not have fixed releases, but can be continually upgraded. And unlike Arch or Gentoo, AL14 can be run by users with little or no prior experience with GNU/Linux.

It can be booted from a CD and tested without touching your hard drive.

AL14 is optimized to run on as much hardware as possible. It features the LXDE desktop environment and the Faenza icon theme.

Included in the iso is among other applications:

Transmission - torrent client
VLC Media Player - video player
Abiword -word processor
Gpicview - image viewer
bleachbit – system cleaning program
evince – PDF viewing client
Chromium Web Browser
flash-player-plugin – flash support
libdvdcss2 - DVD support
kernel-2.6.38.8-pclos1.bfs-1 – BFS kernel for maximum desktop performance
leafpad – text editor
lxdecc – LXDE Control Center
LiveUSB Creator – Put AL14 on USB key disk
DeadBeef- Music Players
nano – Console Text Editor
pcmanfm- File Manager
Partimage - backup tool
Tor browser bundle - anonymous web browsing with Vidalia, Tor and Firefox 


Always remember to do the following prior to installing anything and to keep your system up to date with the latest upgrades:


1: Reload
2: Mark All Upgrades
3: Apply


File Name : AL14.May.2012.Houston.S.Chamberlain.i586.iso
Size : 537.3 MB bytes


MD5sum:
60cccc3e62fb8b377084324b02100e3d AL14.May.2012.Houston.S.Chamberlain.i586.iso


Login on the live-cd: guest
Password on the live-cd: guest
Rootpassword: root

Roadmap:


I'll try to keep AL14 alive and release new isos every few months. Since AL14 is a rolling release, keeping the system properly upgraded will make sure you always have the latest version, hence there is no need to reinstall.


If there is anything you can do to help this project, let me know. I am especially interested in getting in touch with people who know how to make remasters or would like to learn how to.


Credits:


Thanks to the following: mire88 (wallpaper, Grub, GDM background and installation images).
Strafciger (icons).