The magazine covers the pleasures and joys of rural life, as well as the concerns of rural people. It is primarily concerned with rural communities and their environments as well as the concerns of country dwellers and landowners and has a diverse readership which, although mainly UK based is also international. Much of its success has historically been built on its coverage of country houses, architecture and gardening. The first several dozen pages of each issue are devoted to colour advertisements for upmarket residential property, which are one of the best known attractions of the magazine, and popular with everyone from the super rich looking for a country house or estate to those who can only aspire to own such a property.

The pursuits and interests covered include hunting, shooting, farming, equestrian news and gardening and there are regular news and opinion pieces as well as a firm engagement with rural politics. There are reviews of books, food and wine, art and architecture (also many offers) and antiques and crafts. Illustrative material includes the Tottering-by-Gently cartoon by Annie Tempest. The property section claims to have more prime agents than anywhere else. A subscription to Country Life magazine is the quintessential companion to countryside living that takes readers on a weekly stroll through the green and pleasant countryside. With incisive opinion, exceptional photography Country Life is the voice and champion of the countryside, and the ultimate place to find your dream home.

Country Life is the definitive weekly magazine that covers the finest aspects of British life. Each issue of Country Life features magnificent country properties both for sale or just to admire. YouΓÇÖll see gardens that will make you green with envy, along with tips for your own. YouΓÇÖll discover the topical issues affecting the countryside, and spend time appreciating the arts, antiques, field sports and the wonders of our wildlife. Country Life is a unique and eclectic blend of news, features, country houses & culture. If you love the Countryside then Country Life is the weekly fix for you - subscribe today