The Very Best of Ethiopiques: Cult Hits From the Original Series, 2CD~2011 (Metro Select) [FLAC] {MKOP}

A great dip into the legendary catalog of the Ethiopiques series – and one that attempts to bring together some of the most groove-heavy tracks from the collection! The series has been going for over a decade – and is well-known for bringing amazing other-worldly sounds to a much wider audience – tunes recorded in Ethiopia during the 60s and 70s, rarely with original exposure to the outside world, and often featuring exotic reed passages, spacey keyboards, and some of the weirdest rhythms you'll ever hear! This 2CD set is a great way to dig the Ethiopiques groove without having to randomly buy the few dozen titles in the collection – and it's supported by great notes aimed at newcomers to the music. This package is different than a similarly-titled collection that was out a few years ago.~dustygroove

''The 27-volume 'Ethiopiques' series introduced the unique sounds of post-war Ethiopian soul, jazz and big bands to a grateful wider world. This collection takes 28 of the very best cuts from that series to form a unique document of this incredibly soulful, otherworldly and hypnotic music.''

Disc 1
01. Teshome Meteku - Gara Ser New Betesh
02. Girma Beyene - Ene Negn Bay Manesh
03. Alemayehu Eshete - Betchayen Tegodahu
04. Seyoum Gebreyes - Hametegnaw
05. Mahmoud Ahmed - Belomi Benna
06. Mulatu Astatqe - Yegelle Tezeta
07. Menelik Wesnatchew - Tchereqa
08. Tlahoun Gessesse - Tezalegn Yetentu
09. Mahmoud Ahmed - Alem Alem
10. Alèmayèhu Eshèté - Feqer Feqer New
11. Tadele Beqele - Antchi Qondjo
12. Alemayehu Eshete - Kenoru Lebetchah
13. Getatchew Mekurya - Akale Wube
14. Tesfa-Maryam Kidane - Tezeta

Disc 2
01. Mulatu Astatqe - Asmarina
02. Alemayehu Eshete - Teredtchewalehu
03. Muluqen Mellesse - Embwa Belew
04. Ayalew Abbebbe - Temeles
05. Getatchew Kassa - Bey Lesenabetesh
06. Shewalul Mengistu - Yemendjar Shega
07. Teshome Sissay - Metche New
08. Ayalew Mesfin - Qondjo Ledj Nat
09. Getatchew Debalqe - Engenagnalen/Antey
10. Abbebe Tessemma - Ashasha Beyew
11. Tekle Tesfa-Ezghi - Selam Temagwet
12. Tsehaytu Beraki - Medjemerya Feqrey
13. Gezahegn Desta - Sethed Seketelat
14. Tsegue-Maryam Guebrou - The Jordan River Song

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders!