Official Web Site:   http://www.realmacsoftware.com/littlesnapper/

Pixel Perfect Screenshots

LittleSnapper was built to help designers and other creative-minded Mac users build up a design scrapbook. Whether it's proofs of client work, live sites that interest you, or screenshots of your favorite Mac applications, LittleSnapper allows you to capture, organize, annotate and share them all - from one beautiful OS X application.

Snap Away

With LittleSnapper it's easy to start capturing webpages and your desktop. From entire webpages - including the bits that are out of view in a standard browser window and important metadata such as the web address - to specific windows on your Mac, LittleSnapper can handle it. The super-smart screen-capture engine you can capture your entire desktop - multiple displays included - and the powerful area and window-snapping tools make it super-simple to capture any area of the screen you require.
Just to top it all off, there's a built-in web browser that allows you to select specific webpage elements, snap them on their own and save them to your library

Get Organized

Keeping your snaps organized is a breeze! LittleSnapper automatically categorizes your snaps based on their type - websnap or screen snap - meaning that even before you've applied tags you can quickly locate the webpage you snapped last week!
As well as auto-categorising snaps as you take them, LittleSnapper allows you to build your own collections - either using drag or drop, or building Smart Collections based on tags or other snap metadata such as URL. Want to see only 5-star, Red-tagged website or snaps taken Today? No problem! That's just two of the super-powerful, yet super-simple, rules you could set for a Smart Collection.

Core Annotation

We know that you'll want to give feedback on snaps. Whether you're highlighting a UI element or simply wanting to point out a typo on your website to your over-typing copywriter, LittleSnapper's seven powerful annotation tools mean you'll always be able to give clear visual feedback.

LittleSnapper packs a formidable annotation toolkit with blur, vector shapes, text annotations (complete with callouts if you want them), crop and the highlight tool that dims out all but the key areas of a snap at your fingertips.

System Requirements; 
Intel Mac, LittleSnapper requires Mac OS X Leopard (10.5) or Mac OS X Snow Leopard (10.6) and will not run on earlier versions of Mac OS X.

--- PLEASE SEED ---