VIDEO STANDARD: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC
CONTAINER.....: MP4

RESOLUTION....: 1280 x 720 

CATEGORIES....: Big Black Cocks, Interracial Sex

DESCRIPTION...: Bella-Nikole Black has been watching too much of Fox News and the right-wing rhetoric
               they spew out. Bella's not too happy about the re-election of President Obama and she
               lets her feelings known to a group of black guys who are shooting the breeze. Jason
               Brown and crew invite this conservative beauty back to their crib in hopes of
               changing her political views. Belle-Nikole Black's shirt that's adorned with the
               Stars and Bars isn't appreciated to this group of descendants of slavery. However,
               the great set of tits under that shirt need to come out and play and that's when this
               interracial gangbang begins. Bella starts sucking down on each huge black cock that's
               thrown at her. Bella's conservative white cunt gets demolished like Romney's hopes
               just recently. Bella gets her screams muffled as she continues to choke and gag on
               cocks that the southern states would never approve of. Each thrust of black cock into
               her soaking wet pussy brings her closer to changing her political affiliation. The
               kicker? Bella-Nikole Black warmly welcomes eight hit blasts of ghetto goo right on
               her "No Spin Zone." We're proud of the fact that another white slut has discovered
               the power of big black cocks.

RELEASE DATE..: December 10, 2012 

Duration                                 : 38mn 3s
Duration_FirstFrame                      : 33ms
Bit rate                                 : 3 000 Kbps
Width                                    : 1 280 pixels
Height                                   : 720 pixels


 
http://tippic.eu/?v=sexobobbel.jpg
 
http://tippic.eu/?v=sexoboihi.jpg
 
http://tippic.eu/?v=sexobonxn.jpg