                        PART  437



          DIRE STRAITS ΓÇô Sultans Of Swing   (1978)
          THE POLICE  - Roxanne  (1978)
          THE POLICE  - Can't Stand Losing You  (1978)
          DIRE STRAITS  - Romeo And Juliet  (1981)
          DIRE STRAITS  - Private Investigations  (1982)
          THE POLICE  -   Every Breath You Take  (1983)
          DIRE STRAITS  - So Far Away  (1985)
          FINE YOUNG CANNIBALS  -  Johnny Come Home (1985)


         "Sultans of Swing" was the first single release of the British rock band Dire Straits. Although it was first released in 1978, it was its 1979 re-release that caused it to become a hit in both the UK and USA. The song was originally released in May 1978 but did not chart. Following re-issue in January 1979, the song entered the American music pop chart. Unusually, the success of this single release came more than six months after the relatively unheralded release of the band's debut album in October 1978. BBC Radio was initially unwilling to play the song due to its high lyrical content but after it became a U.S. hit, their line softened.[3] The song reached the top 10 in both the UK and the USA, reaching number 8 on the UK Singles Chart and number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 and helped drive sales of the album, which also became a hit.  
          "Roxanne" is a hit song by the rock band The Police, first released in 1978 as a single and on their album "Outlandos d'Amour". It was written from the point-of-view of a man who falls in love with a prostitute.
           "Can't Stand Losing You" is a song by The Police, first released as a single and on their album "Outlandos d'Amour", both in 1978. The original single was banned by the BBC because of the controversial cover . As Sting described: "The reason they[the BBC] had a problem with "Can't Stand Losing You" was because the photo on the cover of the single had Stewart standing on a block of ice with a noose around his neck, waiting for the ice to melt." Despite this, it became the group's first single to break the charts,[3] and has held a spot in their live sets ever since it was written. The original single capped at number 42, but the June 1979 reissue nearly topped the UK Singles charts, held off only by "I Don't Like Mondays" by The Boomtown Rats. In 1995, a live version of the song was also released as a single and reached number 27 in the charts.
           "Romeo and Juliet" is a song written by singer and lead guitarist Mark Knopfler. It first appeared on the 1980 album "Making Movies" and was released as a single in 1981. The song subsequently appeared on the Dire Straits live albums "Alchemy and On the Night", and later on Knopfler's live duet album with Emmylou Harris, "Real Live Roadrunning".
          "Private Investigations" is a popular song by Dire Straits from their album "Love Over Gold". Although it was not released as a single in the US, it reached the number 2 position in the UK (despite its length), and is one of their biggest chart successes in the United Kingdom, on a par with "Walk of Life".The song begins with a sinister, deep pitched synthesizer orchestration, leading into a slow piano progression accompanying a classical guitar. Throughout the several spoken verses, Knopfler expresses the disillusionment and bitterness of a betrayed lover, likening his position to that of a private investigator uncovering scandal: "A bottle of whiskey and a new set of lies / Blinds on the windows and a pain behind the eyes.....Scarred for life, no compensation / Private investigations."
          