v2. This one comes with a new and improved welfare console.
v3. Added N7 Defender and Reckoner Full body armors as unlocked by default.
Added all casual appearances as unlocked by default. This includes the N7 Hoodie
old cerberus outfit some bloodied casual outfits. I didn't add
anything new just unlocked all existing ones by default. That includes
boxers/panties one too... silly bioware...

Put the coalesced.bin into Mass Effect 3/BIOGame/CookedPCConsole and put exec.txt
in Mass Effect 3/Binaries.

Hotkeys:
Numpad0	 - God mode.
Numpad.	 - Refill ammo/grenades/medigel.
Numpad1	 - Teleport to targeted location.
Numpad2	 - Ghost mode(noclip + flying).
Numpad3	 - Turn off ghost and go back to walking.
Numpad4	 - Add 100000 credits.
Numpad5	 - Add 1000 experience.
Numpad6	 - Add 10 talent points.
Numpad7	 - Add Reaper BlackStar... 1 shot in it.
Numpad8	 - Adds all default single player weapons + collectors assault rifle.
Numpad9	 - Adds all the dlc weapons.
Numpad+	 - Takes screenshot they end up in
	   Documents/Bioware/Mass Effect 3/BIOGame/Screenshots
Numpad-	 - Turn HUD on/off.
Numpad*	 - Freeze characters on/off (everything gets paused).
Numpad/	 - Fly camera on/off (for screen shot purposes or to look around
	   while game runs).
PageUp	 - Normal game speed.
PageDown - Reduces game speed to 10%.
Home	 - Executes any console commands inside exec.txt (Put any UnreadEngine3
	   console commands here... most mass effect 2 console commands will work
	   too) just create a shortcut on desktop to exec.txt minimize game put
	   what you need in it go back to game hit Home key and bam WELFARE CONSOLE!
	   You can put multiple commands here... say you want to... add 5k paragon
	   and renegade rep at same time all you have to put in is
	   "SetParagon 5000 | SetRenegade 5000". No quotes naturally.

Feel free to do with this w/e the hell you feel like doing or post it where ever
the hell you want but keep readme.txt attached so ppl dont ask stupid questions.
Oh and fuck cheathappens and any other inbredhalfwits that like scamming ppl for
cash on things like trainers or hell... anything.

Made by HiSaZuL for the hell of it.