 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p00y89tp

Clarissa Dickson Wright's latest culinary adventure reveals the origins and 
development of our three daily meals - breakfast, lunch and dinner. As a 
nation, we take them for granted, assuming that they have always existed as 
they are now. But unpick each of these eating rituals, trace their lineage back 
through a thousand years of British history and you find fascinating and 
surprising stories of social upheaval and shifting class structures, of 
technological developments and gastronomic revolutions.

The origins of breakfast are the most mysterious of all. We all understand what 
we mean by a 'proper breakfast', but the particulars of our first meal of the 
day have changed dramatically over the centuries. From the earliest records of 
choirboys at St Paul's breaking their night's fast with bread and ale, through 
the heavily-laden morning tables of Jane Austen's era and the Edwardian age to 
today's mass-produced packet cereals, our breakfasts have been profoundly 
influenced by religious strictures, ideas of social status and, of course, the 
opinions of those self-appointed experts who claim to know what is best for us.

Some of our historic breakfast specialities, like plover's eggs in aspic, deep 
fried Dover sole or, Edward VII's favourite, a hollowed-out onion filled with 
chicken livers, cream and brandy, are now long-forgotten. Other present-day 
staples were accidental inventions. The combination of bacon and eggs came into 
being as an unintended consequence of the medieval Church's rules on fasting 
during Lent. Centuries later, Dr Kellogg discovered the secret to making 
cornflakes only after he mistakenly left his recipe to go mouldy - and Clarissa 
joins in on a recreation of the original experiment that produced the very 
first breakfast flake.

As she charts the evolution of our morning meal across the centuries and the 
origins of our best-known breakfast ingredients, Clarissa uncovers a story of 
lost traditions, culinary discoveries and extraordinary excess.