
  Stagnant Pools - Temporary Room (2012) [FLAC]

  Released: August 6, 2012
  Duration: 39:47
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Styles: Alternative, Indie Rock, Noise Pop
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 1,200 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz
  Cover: Front
  
  01 Illusions
  02 Dead Sailor
  03 Jumpsuit
  04 Solitude
  05 Temporary Room
  06 Stun
  07 Consistency
  08 Dreaming of You
  09 Frozen
  10 Maze of Graves
  11 Alternate Ending
  12 Waveland

  Stagnant Pools is the work of two college-age brothers from Indianapolis, Indiana. Bryan and Douglass Enas took a couple of Joy Division records, the first Strokes CD, a few Ride singles, and a nasty-sounding guitar pedal or two down into their parent's basement and emerged with their debut album, Temporary Room. It's a claustrophobic and hypnotic dream/nightmare pop record built around Douglass' pounding drums and the unceasing waves of Bryan's guitar onslaught. On top sit Bryan's disaffected vocals and that's all. No bass, no keyboards, little or no variation in sound or dynamics. It shouldn't work; the record should be a monochromatic blur that makes no impression and fades away in a haze after one listen. Amazingly, the songs are so catchy and the mood the brothers create is so all-enveloping that it doesn't matter that all the songs sound the same, that the guitar settings never waver, or that the drumming is rudimentary at best. The murky intensity, the subtle undertow of passion, and the calm melodic strength of Bryan's vocal lines all combine into an unstoppable force that starts to bowl you over after a song or two. As the record plays out and you are drawn deeper into it, the minute changes in sound become heartstopping, the slight shifts in tone loom larger and larger, and the rare, almost happy-sounding moments are like the sun breaking through the clouds after weeks of gloom. By the end, the album becomes a very powerful experience that holds together as the best albums should.

Link to Buy: http://www.polyvinylrecords.com/store/index.php?id=2113