
  FIFA 13 captures all the drama and unpredictability of real-world soccer,
  and is driven by five game-changing innovations which revolutionize
  artificial intelligence, dribbling, ball control and physical play. It is
  the largest and deepest feature set in the history of the franchise. These
  innovations create a true battle for possession across the entire pitch,
  deliver freedom and creativity in attack, and capture all the drama and
  unpredictability of the real-world game.
  
  FEATURES:
  Attacking Intelligence - Players have the ability to analyse space, work
  harder and smarter to break down the defense, and think two plays ahead.
  Plus, players make runs that pull defenders out of position and open passing
  channels for teammates.

  Complete Dribbling - Face your opponent and use precise dribble touches
  combined with true 360-degree mobility with the ball. Be more creative and
  dangerous in 1v1 opportunities.

  1st Touch Control - A new system transforms the way players control the
  ball, eliminating near-perfect touch for every player, and creating more
  opportunities for defenders to capitalise on errant balls and poor touches
  to win back possession.




  1. Install the game.
  2. Before you start the game, use your firewall software to explicitly
     block all exe files in the games install directory from going online.
     Use the game setup utility before starting as well. It can be found in the
     following directory: Gamefifasetup
  3. Play the game. While in game, avoid all of the online options. If you
     have Origin installed, it may pop up. If that happens, ignore the prompt,
	 play offline, and don't login.
  4. Enjoy!
  5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT! 
  6.Some antivirus will see fifa13.exe as a virus, some not. 


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13532.0


We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 



AviaRa Team
