Hometown: Flint, MI 
Genres: Metal / Heavy / Soul 
Label: Independent 
Members: Twerk:Drums. Jelly:Bass. Karl:Guitar. Gunn:Vocal. 


Midwest Monsters
The Death Posture
Murder Murder Murder
Magician
Wolves
Kia
Dragging Knives


~Bio~
In the current music scene full of infinite sub-genres of metals and cores ranging from black, death, nu, "tech", speed, groove, doom etc. the long time friends that make up members of KING describe themselves simply as "heavy".

Formed in December of 2008 and influenced by the sound of 90’s bands such as Pantera, Sepultura, White Zombie, Korn and Nine inch Nails the quartet never fails to mention the large role their hometown of Flint, MI played in crafting their sound.

"KING is synonymous with Flint,” says David Gunn (vocals). Left in shambles after General Motors, the life-blood of the small city, closed its factory doors, Flint now ranks 5th in the nation as most miserable places to live. With less than one police officer per 1,000 residents it’s also the 2nd most violent city in the United States (FBI) and named Murdertown, USA by The New York Times. This mood is apparent in the potent music, lyrics and in a live show that has been described by publications as raw, violent and even wrong.

The band shies away from the new school attitude and refrains from entertaining any ideas brought on by the internet generation. "We're real people and 100% of everything in our music is real, non-fiction. Stories about my past are full of dead men, jail cells, guns, drugs, conflicts with god, things like that so that’s what’s going on in the music,“ says Gunn.

Within two short years King signed with Equal Vision records and recorded a full length cd (the album would never be released as the band dropped themselves from the label a few months after the record was completed), embarked on three US tours from 2008-2009, sold out of their controversial merchandise on all three of the outings and shared the stage with bands such as Powerman 5000, Veil of Maya, Jeffree Star, Cypress Hill, Bizzy Bone, Taking Back Sunday, Every time I die, Arsis, Necrophagist, Born of Osiris, After the Burial, Darkest Hour, Misery Signals, Suffokation and Origin to name a few.

In November 2009 Gunn suffered multiple gun and knife wounds, the result of a botched robbery in which he was the victim. KING would take 2010 off only to return in 2011 with new material recorded by Detroits Chuck Alkazian who produced and engineered for acts such as Pop Evil, Rookie Of The Year, Juvenile, Universal Records, Sponge, Elton John, The Dayton Family, Uncle Kracker, Obie Trice, 50 Cent, R. Kelly, Christina Aguilera, D12 and The Dave Matthews Band to name a few. The result of the sessions was two unsettling non fictional horror stories with music behind them



