               CARG Release Club Magazine Collection PDF MEGAPACK. 



Be sure to check out the other CARG PDF release's. To show your support for the time and effort in building this collection, Please seed at full speed during and after download so that others can also enjoy.



This collection contains 95 Club Magazine Pdf files. The contents are as follows, (22) Club Magazine editions, (25) Club Confidential editions, (45) Club International editions and (3) Special Edition Pdf files. 



Club is a monthly American pornographic magazine which is a spin-off publication of the United Kingdom's Club International. Club features sexually oriented articles, video reviews, and pictorials that include hardcore pornography, masturbation, dildo usage, and lesbianism.
 
During the early and mid 1990s the magazine featured softcore and simulated sex pictorials and had at least two contract models that appeared monthly (Charmaine Sinclair and Jo Guest). Club and its UK sister publication, Club International, are the flagship publications for Paul Raymond Publications which distributes eight of the ten top selling adult magazines in the UK.
 
Paragon Publishing, the U.S. franchisee of Club, has recently filed for bankruptcy. The publishing was taken over by Paul Raymond Publications. In August 2009, Magna Publishing Group purchased Club Magazine and its sister publications from Club Media Inc., increasing the total number of titles it publishes to over 60. The deal also included sister publications Club International, Club Confidential and Best of Club. Magna Publishing Group also produces such established men's magazine titles such as Swank, Genesis, Fox, Gallery, Velvet and Gent.
 
The youngest model who was intentionally published in a nude pictorial in Club was Tamara Alleyne, an English model stated to be 16 years old, in the July 1976 and September 1976 issues. Alleyne also appeared in Men Only the same year and her age was likewise revealed there. Traci Lords was even younger (15) in the photos that appeared in the September 1984 issue (some of which had appeared in Paul Raymond's Model Directory in March 1984), but the magazine's staff did not know Lords was under 18.