Release Note ......::


John Digweed is set to release “Live In London” (4xCD) (Bedrock)
Posted in News with tags Bedrock, Ben Pearce, Butch, Catz N Dogz, CD, Deetron, Electronic, Gabriel Ananda, Guy J, Heiko Laux & Diego Hostettler, House, John Digweed -Live In London, jozif, Julian Jeweil, Justin Martin, Kollektiv Turmstrasse, Luca Bacchetti, Max Cooper, Paul Ritch, Phonogenic, Pig & Dan, Robert Babicz, Simian Mobile Disco, SIS, Smash TV, Subb-an, Tech House, Technasia, Techno, Tiga, Todd Bodine on November 8, 2012 by E.N. 
 
 
 
 


 “Live In London” features nearly 5 hours of amazing music across a bumper 4xCD set from John Digweed, recorded live in the mix at the recent Bedrock Anniversary Party at Fire & Lightbox, London. You will hear more than 50 tracks and remixes from some of the world’s best underground producers, including the likes of Simian Mobile Disco, Tiga, Deetron, Gabriel Ananda, Robert Babicz, Max Cooper, Ben Pearce, jozif, Kollektiv Turmstrasse, Luca Bacchetti, Todd Bodine, Pig & Dan, Butch, Paul Ritch, Justin Martin, Catz ‘n Dogz, SIS, Smash TV, Julian Jeweil, Subb-an, Phonogenic, Technasia, Guy J, Heiko Laux & Diego Hostettler and many others. “Live In London” is a flawless journey through some of the most exciting current electronic dance music, all programmed and mixed to perfection, forming the perfect snapshot of one of the best Bedrock events of the year.

 “The Bedrock Anniversary parties in London are always truly special as it feels like coming home to me. For some reason this party seemed extra special, Fire in Vauxhall is a new venue for us and it has a labyrinth of rooms under the arches which allowed us to feature a line up that most festivals would be happy with! There was definitely a magical vibe in the air when I arrived. I had heard that people had travelled from Russia, America, all over Europe, even New Zealand, to be there. The party was perfect for me, the amazing international crowd created an incredible atmosphere all night long. I love DJing more than ever these days, so to get to play for over 8 hours to an up for it crowd like that, was just pure heaven. This is the first time I have released a 4xCD live mix from one of my gigs and I hope it brings back some great memories for those who were there. If you couldn’t make it, turn the lights down low, turn the volume up loud and I think you’ll understand. I hope you enjoy listening as much as I did playing.” – John Digweed
John Digweed – Live in London
 (Bedrock) BEDLDNCD1
 4xCD/6?12? Vinyl/Digital Download
 Release 03.12.12