'The Comics Journal' Batch 2

Issues 63, 64, 65, 66, 68, 70, 71, 73, 74, 83, 86, 95, 98, 99, 118 (partial), 121 (partial), 143

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

For those who don't know...
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Comics_Journal

The Comics Journal, often abbreviated TCJ, is an American magazine of news and criticism pertaining to comic books, comic strips and graphic novels. Known for its lengthy interviews with comic creators, pointed editorials and scathing reviews of the products of the mainstream comics industry, the magazine promotes the view that comics are a fine art meriting broader cultural respect, and thus should be evaluated with higher critical standards.


Me being me, I really wanted to give people a heads up about what was in each issue. Then I discovered the archived index at the TCJ website and realized that would just be a huge waste of time. What I've done instead is make sure that each issue has the year it was published in the name of the file. With this info you can go to The Comics Journal website, click on TCJ Archive, sort by decade, sort by year and then click on each individual issue number, which provides you with a DETAILED explanation of what is in each issue (for the early issues it gives you more information than the table of contents inside them). That realization is actually what finally led me to the decision that I would just upload all the issues I have and let you downloaders do with them whatever you may (see below).

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OK, so, I really struggled with this one. So much so that I wasn't sure I was going to upload them at all. I considered only uploading the ones I really like, or think have some relevant importance in our current comic book climate. I thought seriously about tearing them apart and putting them back together as collections (interviews, essays, portfolios, etc.). The reason why that was EVER a consideration is because TCJ often straight pisses me off, as it does to a lot of other people. I have regularly disagreed with their opinions and reviews, as have a lot of other people! In the end, the extensive knowledge of comic books you've never heard of and the abundance of extremely well-done interviews, I think, still makes reading them worth the time and effort, even if I've sometimes wished I could sit down with Gary and Kim and have a SERIOUS face-to-face afterwards. But, again, the time that would take was prohibitive (to say the least) and would probably be cheating others out of information they deserve, or entertainment they would enjoy. So, no go on that plan. 

Once I decided I didn't want to bother with any of that, I couldn't decide HOW I wanted to upload them. Should I wait until I find more (something that is a very slow process), so the run is more complete? Should I upload the issues I know would be more popular individually (and believe me, it ain't that hard to tell based on what y'all download the most), or in small groups? Should I upload them all at once, or in a series of moderately sized batches? 

Clearly, I went with moderately sized batches. Some of you will be annoyed by this, and that's cool. But honestly, I don't care. I'm a numbers geek (it's what I do for a living) and I've watched how my torrents are downloaded, how long they stay seeded and what level they stay seeded at. For me, the bigger the torrent, the smaller the number of seeds and the less amount of time it holds a high number of seeders. So this is how I'm going to do it. When I have another bunch of issues I haven't uploaded yet that totals around 1GB in size, they'll become Batch 4, etc.