Chaos To Freedom Skills Training Videos™ Crisis Survival Skills, Part One : Distracting and Self-Soothing 

Some causes of emotional distress frankly have no simple remedy — or can’t be changed at all. But all of us have short-term crises of one kind or another. What we do about them and how we do it can have a profound effect on our ability to get through them. In this video you’ll learn how to master, step-by-step, a set of Crisis Survival skills that are remarkably simple, do-able, easy to remember, and ready to put into practice. Here in Part One you’ll learn how to identify a crisis, and ways to treat oneself that help get through it more comfortably. Marsha Linehan, Ph.D., guides you with warmly human examples that touch, teach and train with techniques proven to work.

Chaos To Freedom Skills Training Videos™ Crisis Survival Skills, Part Two : Improving the Moment and Pros & Cons 

Crisis happens. But there’s a vast difference between "getting through a crisis" and bearing so much pain, indecision, and personal anxiety that the crisis masters you. Part Two of this series provides more practical, tested training that can help one survive personal crises. In this video Marsha Linehan, Ph.D., shows you ways to help control the moment. She demonstrates how to use something as simple as a pencil and piece of paper to discover wise insights that protect one from reactions and urges that could hurt instead of help. Richly illustrated with story-telling illustrations you’ll recognize as real life, Linehan’s training is personal, powerful, and proven effective in scores of actual crisis events. In this video series there’s not only hope, there’s real help.

Chaos To Freedom Skills Training Videos™ From Suffering to Freedom : Practicing Reality Acceptance 

You’ve watched others react to painful life events. Some seem to be strengthened by pain, while others are literally destroyed by suffering. The reason for these two vastly different outcomes is no longer a mystery. In this video, rich with eye-opening insights, Marsha Linehan, Ph.D explains the four possible responses to devastating pain. In it she reveals the three skills that have enabled ordinary people to cope with extraordinary problems, disappointments, and seemingly unconquerable personal trauma. Using examples drawn from years of clinical experience and deep research, Linehan demonstrates proven techniques for dealing with life circumstances and happenings that “shouldn’t be,” but are. Reality Acceptance teaches readily learnable skills that are solid stepping stones on your way from hard times to hope. It’s priceless protection for the quality of life.

Chaos To Freedom Skills Training Videos™ This One Moment : Skills for Everyday Mindfulness 

We’re often so caught up in our insecurities and fears - thinking about the past or worrying about the future - that we miss the very moment we're in. We escape the present moment, seeking comfort from old, habitual behaviors. Yet our uneasiness and discomfort linger as a backdrop in our lives. In this unique video, Marsha Linehan, Ph.D., offers Eastern and Western practical wisdom for finding joy, self-understanding, and freedom from our insecurities by living fully and consciously in the present. With anecdotes, exercises, and demonstration, Linehan guides you step-by-step through six fundamental mindfulness skills that prepare the foundation for a “Wise Mind” and living fully awake and free in daily life.