Running With Rifles (Beta 0 72)

General Information

taken from the developer's website http://www.modulaatio.com >www.modulaatio.com :

Description

RUNNING WITH RIFLES is a top-down sandbox shooter for PC/Windows, with emphasis on cooperation, squad leading and being a tiny soldier in a big war. The events take place on an open world battlefield divided between two factions, each trying to capture bases from the opposite side until the enemy has been wiped out from the area. The player takes the role of a private and fights along his/her comrades controlled by AI, slowly gaining influence over fellow soldiers through rank promotions from success in battles. When the influence grows, AI soldiers begin to follow the player starting as a combat pair, ultimately forming a 10-member squad. The AI squad commanding has been made as transparent as possible to avoid micromanagement and excess amount of keys or menus. The AI squad members e.g. find cover on leader┬Æs signal from crouching, they spot enemies on their own and open fire if it fits the situation. When the leader uses a suppressed weapon for stealth approach, the squad will engage in fight only if the enemy manages to alert the surroundings by shouting or shooting. The soldiers die quickly, and the player┬Æs soldier makes no exception. The game uses the simplest possible die-or-don┬Æt bullet hit model, which makes the gameplay extremely intense and challenging. Caution, frequent usage of covers, suppressing fire to buy time and staying with the group is highly encouraged; the heroic rambo-style risk taking will likely lead only to a quick death.. it┬Æs a beautiful way to go though.

Features

- Isometric/topdown shooter (like Sony Station's Infantry or Subspace) with various weapons, a large landscape featuring trenches, towns, airports, rivers, and whatever else, and a day/night cycle that introduces fog at times.
- You can select your influence when you start a new game; starting as a Private makes you a lone wolf, unless you follow another squad, and starting higher up makes you a magnet for lower ranked soldiers in that they'll follow you wherever you go, even to death.
- Various weapons including grenades and a melee attack make it nifty to mess around with.
- Not sure on vehicles for the current build.

Installation

Unzip
Install
Enjoy!
Support the dev if you like it 