Deadlight(RUS/ENG)[Repack]R.G. Catalyst

Released: October 25, 2012
Genre: Arcade (Platform) / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Tequila Works
Publisher: Microsoft Studios
Game Version: 1.0.9249 (Update 1)
Language: English, Russian
Sound language: English
Publication Type: Repack
Crack: FAIRLIGHT
 
Operating system: Windows ┬« XP SP3 / Windows ┬« Vista SP2 / Windows ┬« 7 SP1
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.6GHz, AMD Phenom X3 8750 or better
RAM: 2 GB
Video: c 512 MB of RAM
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Free space on hard disk: 5 GB
 

Game Deadlight, - it is an alternative 1986-th, when the world faced a new threat of apocalyptic - a mysterious viral infection, to convert people in the "shadow", or just a zombie. In this case, unlike the vast majority of such projects, Deadlight, you would not believe - puzzle-platformer. That is not so much have to shoot, how to think.
"1986-th is not accidental - says CEO studio Raul Rubio (Raul Rubio). - This is the time remember the active exploration of outer space and the output of films such as Rambo: First Blood and Day of the Dead. Mix it all - and get a unique visual style. "
Moving on the half-dead north-west coast of British Columbia (Canada) and the United States, Randall Wayne will be looking for weapons and other survivors. "You do not need to fight for the truth, or to save the world - continues Mr. Rubio. - This is the story Randall, its problems, feelings, and desires. " The script is written Spanish playwright Antonio Rodzhano (Antonio Rojano), which was inspired by the works of Stephen King, James Ballard and Cormac McCarthy.
"You will understand that in this world, even a simple act like cross the street becomes incredibly difficult and dangerous" - continue to developers. Promised a reliable physical model, on which will be based puzzles. The creation of "alternative world of paranoia and chaos" by a team of 22 people, who previously worked for companies such as Blizzard, Pyro Studios, Sony ..

 
Based on Deadlight (Microsoft Studios) (ENG  MULTi6)[Steam-Rip] by RG Origins
Do not recoded / no cut
Installation time ~ 5 min
