Manon-Royal ballet-2008[iPod H264 DVDrip](with chapters)

This video is encoded for the Apple Ipod clasic (Baseline@L3.0 h.264). 
You can also play it with VLC player:  
http://www.videolan.org/vlc/

In this Royal Ballet production, costumes, scenery and lighting feast the eye. 
MacMillan’s genius shines everywhere, in his acute observation of character and 
traits transformed so sharply into dance. Take the evolution of the relationship 
of Manon and Des Griex. As they meet they are young and rather naïve and innocent. 
In Act 1 their dancing together, with tender ‘travelling lifts’ has the freshness 
and exhilaration of new-found love. In the next scene in their love nest, the 
intimacy and ecstasy of their dance movements leaves no doubt that they are now 
consummated lovers blissfully aware of each other’s bodies. After Des Grieux leaves, and her brother Lescaut and her rich admirer, G.M., come to entice her away with jewels and furs, the mood and movements descend to degradation as Manon abandons love for riches. In this amazing pas de trois, Tamara Rojo’s figures here are so elastic and snake-like sinuous, that one would imagine she is made of india-rubber.In the end Manon’s rapaciousness catches up with her and she descends through remorse to ruin when she is deported as a prostitute and a thief to the New World. Her final dance with Des Grieux with whom she has run off into the Louisiana swamps after his victorious duel, graphically declares her weakness and despair in Rojo’s heavier mournful movements. 


Cast List:
Carlos Acosta (Des Grieux)
Tamara Rojo (Manon)
José Martin (Lescaut)
Christopher Saunders (Monsieur G.M.)
Laura Morera (Lescaut’s Mistress)
Genesia Rosato (Madame)
Thomas Whitehead (The Gaoler)
Paul Kay (Beggar Chief)
Philip Mosley (Old Gentleman)
Orchestra of the Royal Opera House
Conductor: Martin Yates
Choreography: Kenneth MacMillan TV Director: Ross MacGibbon

Aspect Ratio:	16:9
Run Time: 	41 + 1:15 
chapters:	16 + 25
resolution:	640x368
Video Codec:	AVC/h.264 (Baseline@L3.0)
Audio Codec:	AAC 
Encoder handbrake: 0.9.6

