Fastwalker: A Novel

 By Jacques Vallee, Tracy Torme

Published by Audio Literature in 1996

Tags: ufo, conspiracy theories, central intelligence agency, coverup, new world order, mind control, military industrial complex, media manipulation

MP3, Unabridged, English 

--

Description

An Air Force pilot has died in a strange accident over Dreamland, a secret base in Nevada. The President of the United States has not yet been briefed. Scientists from all over the world are being assembled inside Pyramid Base. The Manipulator is General Bushnell, head of a secret organization which has been trying to capture a flying saucer since the early days of the UFO mystery. Suave but utterly ruthless this cold warrior has every tool of high-tech wizardry at his fingertips and a crack team of skilled operatives under his control. The investigator is Peter Keller, a dedicated journalist with a lot to prove, struggling to keep his integrity in the sensational atmosphere of tabloid media. A flawed but gusty professional, he's ready to travel to the ends of the Earth to solve the mystery of UFO abductions. The victim is Rachel Rand, a young woman caught between the nightmarish alien beings who stalked her on a lonely Long Island road and a bizarre cult of UFO believers who are convinced that the end of the world is imminent. Can she trust the man she loves to help her discover the truth about her tormentors?

Now an unearthly craft has been secretly captured by the scientific team of General Bushnell. What it contains can indeed spell the end of human history as we know it. But are human beings ready for that knowledge? And who will control it?

---

FastWalker introduces a technology that is utilized by the intelligence community to duplicate the effects of real UFOs to assist in their ongoing program of deception and manipulation of society. There are many, many other surprises in FastWalker. This book is a must-read for anyone who wants a change of pace.

Michael Corbin
Continuum Vol.V no.2 - Winter 1995-96