The Subtle Body: An Encyclopedia of Your Energetic Anatomy
by Cyndi Dale
Sounds True Incorporated | February 2009 | ISBN-10: 1591796717 | ePUB/Mobi/PDF | 6.1/7.5/24 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Subtle-Body-Encyclopedia-Energetic/dp/1591796717
PDF conversion is mine.

All healers are "energetic" healers, whether they know it or not. Because every health issue has a physical and an energetic component, even a simple physical treatment like bandaging a cut also impacts the body's spiritual, mental, and emotional welfare. The Subtle Body is a comprehensive encyclopedia devoted to the critical world of our invisible anatomy, where so much of healing actually occurs. Compiled by intuitive healer and scholar Cyndi Dale, this 500-page full color illustrated reference book covers: What is the "subtle body"? New scientific understanding of our quantum-state existence and the unseen fields that determine our physical condition; True integrative care: how combining Eastern energetic modalities with Western scientific rigor yields optimum results; The meridians, fields, and chakras: detailed information and diagrams about the role of these energetic structures in our overall health; Energy-based therapy principles from the world's healing traditions including Ayurveda, Qigong, Reiki, Quabalah, and many more.

About the Author
Cyndi Dale of Minneapolis, MN, is author of seven books, including Illuminating the Afterlife (Sounds True, 2008) and New Chakra Healing (Llewellyn, 2002), which is currently in its 14th printing and has been translated into 11 languages. She is president of Life Systems Services and has conducted training across Europe, Asia, and the Americas. Her other world-renown books include New Chakra Healing, now published in over twelve languages and revised in an all new edition The Complete Book of Chakra Healing; Advanced Chakra Healing: The Four Pathways Approach; Everyday Clairvoyant; Kundalini: Divine Energy, Divine Life; Attracting Prosperity Through the Chakras; Attracting Your Perfect Body Through the Chakras; Advanced Chakra Healing: Heart Disease, Advanced Chakra Healing: Cancer, The Littlest Christmas Star, and lluminating the Afterlife.
Cyndi lives in Minneapolis with her sons, Michael and Gabriel, as well as way too many pets, all of which believe they have voting rights to her time.

Exciting new Books being released in 2011 are:
Kundalini: Divine Energy, Divine Life (Llewellyn Worlwide)
Energetic Boundaries: How to Stay Protected and Connected in Work, Love, and Life (Sounds True)
The Intuition Guidebook: How To Safely and Wisely Use Your Sixth Sense (Deeper Well Publishing)