RELEASE NOTES

Alice: Madness Returns delves deep into the dark and violent side of
the imagination, creating a nightmarish Wonderland where Alice must
face the demons that haunt her visions. Visit the grim reality of
Victorian London and then travel to the beautiful yet ghastly
Wonderland to uncover the root of Alice's madness and discover the
truth behind a deadly secret, kept hidden for years

Eleven years ago a horrific fire took Alice s family from her and left
her mind horrifically scarred. Afterwards she was confined to Rutledge
Asylum, where she struggled to confront her demons by slipping further
into her fantasy world of Wonderland. Now, after ten years, she has
finally secured her release yet she still bears the heavy
psychological burden of that tragic event

With her mind in tatters, she is unable to resolve the fear prompted by
her strange memories, dreams, and visions. Perhaps she'll do better in
Wonderland. She always has. She travels there, seeking what the "real"
world can't provide: security, knowledge, and the truth about the past
But in her absence, Wonderland too has suffered. Something has gone
horribly wrong, and now a great evil is descending upon what once was
her beautiful refuge. Can Alice save Wonderland and herself from the
madness that consumes them both?

Features:

Intense 3rd person action: Use multiple upgradeable melee weapons
including the explosive Teapot Cannon, the punishing Hobby Horse, and
the classic Vorpal Blade

Explore a dark and shattered Wonderland: Encounter familiar but now
strange characters, including the Cheshire Cat, the Mad Hatter, the
Caterpillar and the Red Queen

Magical abilities: Obtain peculiar abilities in Wonderland such as
floating with Alice's dress, shrinking, or growing to towering sizes in
order to crush enemies

Interactive puzzles: Intuitive and rewarding puzzles such as
transforming obstacles, musical memories, chess, and picture blocks

The Complete Collection, with an enhanced edition of the first Alice
title

INSTALL NOTES

1. Install
2. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
3. Play the game
4. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!