April Wine - The Whole World's Goin' Crazy [1976]





01 Gimme Love
02 So Bad
03 Wings Of Love
04 We Can Be More Than We Are
05 Rock N' Roll Woman
06 Shotdown
07 Like A Lover, Like A Song
08 Kick Willy Road
09 The Whole World's Goin' Crazy 





320 KBPS

Cover Art





From Wikipedia:




April Wine is a Canadian rock band formed in 1969. According to the band, they chose the name 'April Wine' simply because members thought the two words sounded good together. The band has released more than twenty albums and forged a live performance reputation that still sees them drawing devoted crowds across Canada and around the world more than forty years after taking their first steps into the hard rock spotlight.


April Wine began in late 1969 in Waverley, Nova Scotia (a suburb of Halifax). The original members were brothers David Henman on guitar and Ritchie Henman on drums. Their cousin Jim Henman joined in on bass, and Myles Goodwyn completed the sound on lead vocals and guitar. In early 1970 the band relocated to Montreal. Shortly after arriving in their new home the band was signed by Aquarius Records. They recorded and released their debut self-titled album April Wine in 1971. The album spawned their first single, "Fast Train", which received fairly steady airplay on radio stations across Canada and established Myles Goodwyn as the band's main songwriter. The single's success gave the band's label confidence and work began on a second album, but not before a change in the line-up (the first of many over the course of the band's career). Jim Henman left the band in the fall of 1971, and was replaced by Jim Clench.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Whole World's Goin' Crazy is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band April Wine, released in 1976. With the release of this album Steve Lang had replaced Jim Clench on bass. It reached #1 in Canada on the RPM national album chart on May 8, 1976, and remained there for two weeks. The album was the first in Canadian history to have platinum advanced sales orders.