Mixcraft 6 is a powerful music production and multi-track recording workstation that comes packed with thousands of music loops and dozens of audio effects and virtual instruments. Mixcraft enables you to record audio, arrange loops, remix tracks, compose with MIDI and virtual instruments, add effects, score and edit video, and mix and master your tracks to create polished, professional compositions. Mixcraft is your music production dream come true, instantly turning your computer into a fully-stocked professional recording studio.

       Features:

Record and create an unlimited number of audio and MIDI tracks.

Arrange and score video files, adding transitions, visual effects, music, sound effects, and voice-overs with ease.

Includes over 6000 professionally produced music loops and sound effects in a wide variety of popular styles, from dubstep to folk rock.

Includes 11 virtual instruments, ranging from modelled vintage synthesizers to high-quality sampled acoustic instruments, and an inspiring collection of studio-quality acoustic and electric drums.

Includes 22 high quality effects, ranging from studio standards such as reverb,chorus and delay, to ultra-realistic guitar amp simulators, vintage tube EQ, vocal reduction, multi-band compression, and more.

Powerful, professional features include ReWire hosting, multi-take loop recording, time stretching and pitch shifting, support for unlimited hardware inputs and outputs, support for multi-channel VSTis, and much more.

    System Requirements:

    1 GHz CPU, 2 GB Ram
    Windows® 7, Vista, and XP
    Sound card, USB, or Firewire sound device
    Mixcraft 6 can be used in multiple languages, including English, German, Norwegian, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, French, Spanish (Espanola),  Dutch, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese.


INSTALLATION:

  •  Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

  •  Run Mixcraft.

  •  Use the provided serial to complete registration.

          •  That's it! Done.


                    enjoY!!!