Storyline

At a remote lhamasery in the Himalayas, scientist John Rollason studies rare mountain herbs with the help of his wife Helen, and associate Peter, while awaiting the arrival of an American named Tom Friend. Over Helen's objections and warnings by the High Lhama, he sets out with Friend on an expedition to find the elusive Yeti, accompanied by another American named Shelley and a young Scotsman, McNee, who claims to have seen the thing. Footprints are found in the snows and McNee seems queerly affected the closer they get to their quarry's likely habitat but the biggest shock to Rollason is discovering Friend is a showman who only intends to exploit their find, with Shelley his gamehunter-marksman. The conflict between science and commercialism only increases when an enormous anthropoid is shot, and the horror only increases as the party realizes the other Yeti intend to retrieve their fallen comrade and have powers to do so which seem extra-human...

User Review

It's rather strange seeing Hammer horror in black and white after all the vibrant colours that their later offerings show off so boldly; but the black and white gives it that old monster movie feel (which is what the movie is anyway...) and it's a good factor for that reason. It's true that this isn't Hammer's finest work, but it's a very nice early offering; and shows some early ingeniousness of the studio. That's what I like best about Hammer Horror; when you see one of their movies, you know that you're going to be in for a fun and imaginative ride and this film certainly delivers on that front. The plot follows botanist Peter Cushing as he joins a group of arctic explorers that go off into the Himalayas in search of the mythical beast - the Yeti. The film then follows, in adventure style, their misadventure as they come face to face with the beast itself and get more than they bargained for...

The snow setting gives the film a feeling of isolation that invokes a constant feeling of dread and we get the impression that if something bad does happen - there wont be anyone there to save our hero's. This mind game has been carried off in many films since this one (Alien, most notably), but here is a good early example of that. The film is also different from most other horror films as it handles a subject and a monster that hasn't often been covered. This sets it apart in a good way as it's something different from the viewer and also goes some way to showing Hammer's inventiveness as most studios are happy to continue taking the safe option and making horror films that have been tried and tested. The fact that the Yeti doesn't appear for much of the film will no doubt annoy some viewers, and it did me somewhat, but it helps the film as it ensures that the audience will be intrigued to finally see the monster. The film is very well paced and doesn't get boring either, which is a plus.
 