Stuck to the deep throat chair, Impaled, vibrated, and ass fucked! Completly Air Tight! | 
September 21, 2012



MP4 only.


Welcome Ashl Orion to Sexually Broken. This cute little innocent looking girl next door has an amazing ass and most beautiful smile.

 Bound with arms reversed to the front of a chair, stuck with her ass up, while impaled with a huge dildo with a vibrator locked on her clit, Ashli knows she in a bit of trouble.
 
Welcome to the skull fucking chair, your stay will be brutal, your ability to freely breath removed, Orgasms will be ripped out of your helpless body repeatedly, enjoy your stay. 

But nothing is that simple. We jam the cock all the way down Ashli's throat, we hold it there, she begs pleads and struggles for air to no avail, she breaths when we want her to breath, however she cums over and over while trying to survive. The female body is funny like that. Remove the air supply while being vibrated and girls just cum like that "snap", over and over. It's very weird, but completely awesome. 

We are cruel captors, Ashli never gets a break from the brutal throat fucking, or the vibrator that is making her cum over and over. So their is only one more thing to do to a girl struggle to breath while cumming, and that is to fuck her ass! Elise Graves Straps on and jams her cock all the way up Ashli's amazing ass. 

Now Ashli has a cock in every hole, and a vibrator locked on her clit, she is about to cum her self into insanity. We fuck her throat deeper and harder, her ass is getting brutally fucked and she is lossing her mind to the devastating orgasms. She is a mindless sex vessel for cock, with no hope for escape.


Screens  
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/09_21ashli2/SexuallyBroken-Ashli-Orion-Matt-Williams-Stuck-to-the-deep-throat-chair-Impaled-vibrated-and-ass-fucked-Completely-Air-Tight.php


8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  
	