                                   Windows Phone 7.5-2010kaiser





Build your first Windows Phone application with Location and Maps

Overview

    Understand Location Based Services.
    Work with Windows Phone Location Service.
    Understand how Maps work.
    Create a simple Map application and learn to use Geocoding, Pushpins.
    Discover Directions with Bing Maps Directions.
    Build two real-world windows phone applications ΓÇô using Eventful.com and AOL Patch.com API

In Detail

Windows Phone 7.5 has met with some great initial reviews from all mobile critics. It is poised to be the '3rd' eco-system for mobile, joining Apple's iOS and Google's Android platform. With Microsoft and Nokia working on multiple devices based on Windows Phone, the platform is a no-brainer enterprise success. Microsoft Office, Email, Skype and a fresh new mobile operating system has been a great champion of a cause for both Microsoft and Nokia.

"Windows Phone 7.5: Building Location-aware Applications" will teach you to divein to the new Windows Phone Experience. No more 600 page bibles - just the right mix of text and lots of code to get you started!

"Windows Phone 7.5: Building Location-aware Applications" covers location based services and maps, and focuses on methods of location detection and maps. Powered with this information, two real-world applications are covered. In short, this is a concise book on building location aware apps for Windows Phone.

What you will learn from this book

    Understand all about Location Based Services and know how they are used in the Windows Phone ecosystem.
    Work with Location Services and location simulation for Windows Phone.
    Get to grips with Maps - Behind the scenes: How maps work.
    Understand and work with Bing Maps and the Bing Maps Silverlight control.
    Work with Launchers & Choosers for Windows Phone.
    Explore BingMapsTask for Local Search and BingMapsDirections for Directions.
    Understand Eventful.com API and build an Events App for Windows Phone.
    Work with AOL Patch.com API and build an App using the same.

Approach

This is a practical, hands-on tutorial based on real-world applications, using real-world 3rd Party APIs, teaching the essential tricks to get started in building location aware apps for Windows Phone. With plenty of images and code wherever necessary, this book will take you just a few days to get up to speed, no long weekend classes, no bible to read, a few chapters and you are off.

Who this book is written for

If you are a developer who wants to develop apps for the Windows Phone 7 platform, but do not know where to begin, then this book is for you. Developers working on the Android and iPhone platform wishing to port their apps on the Windows Phone ecosystem will also find this book useful. The bundled code and apps can also help a non-developer; a smart business or sales person to quickly analyze and build new applications.

This book is also aimed at Managers and Architects in the News and Entertainment industry; since two giants of this industry (Eventful.com and Patch.com) are mentioned extensively within the book.



Paperback: 148 pages
 
Publisher: Packt Publishing
 
Author(s): Chawdhary Zeeshan
 
Language: English
 
ISBN-10: 1849687242
 
ISBN-13: 9781849687249


ENJOY AND SEED!!!