Napoleon Hill - Your right to be rich
Classic audio snapshots
Chicago, Spring, 1954

From the audio archives of the Napoleon Hill Foundation
A series of classic lectures by Napoleon Hill.


Description:
Most of the late Hill's previous audios have been abridgments or compilations read by other people. The lectures in this audio, recorded in the '50s, are fascinating glimpses into his steadfast, somewhat authoritarian, and eminently relevant teachings. Though his speaking style often has an overly aggressive quality, there's something magical about hearing it. We are handed many gifts, Hill says, many opportunities for meaning, but we can tap into them only when we connect with the guiding force that put them there. We do this by trusting God, dedicating ourselves to a single purpose in life, and paying daily attention to programming our subconscious minds. This is a seminal work on the basics of personal motivation.

Napoleon Hill is the acknowledged master of motivational speakers. The principles and philosophy of success that he outlined in his masterwork, The Laws of Success, and his international bestseller, Think and Grow Rich, have served as the foundation for every motivational speaker since.

In these rare recordings you will hear a complete and thorough exposition of Napoleon Hill's life-altering philosophy of personal achievement. More than that, you will gain deeper insight into Hill's philosophy as you listen to him interpret and amplify the seventeen universal principles of success. Best of all, these lectures are designed to motivate you and teach you the goals and strategies that will carry you to new heights of personal success:

turn setbacks into a springboard to achievement
generate attention for your ideas
influence others and improve personal relationships
define your true joy in life
achieve financial success

Your Right to Be Rich is a working blueprint for a life of prosperity-an inspiring series of audio lectures that will give you powerful tools to achieve your dreams.



Biography:
Napoleon Hill was born in 1883 in Wise County, Virginia. He began his writing career at age 13 as a "mountain reporter" for small town newspapers and went on to become America's most beloved motivational author. His work stands as a monument to individual achievement and is the cornerstone of modern motivation. His most famous work, Think and Grow Rich, is one of the best-selling books of all time. Hill established the Foundation as a nonprofit educational institution whose mission is to perpetuate his philosophy of leadership, self-motivation, and individual achievement.

www.naphill.org
