19 september 2012 DVDRip

Tiffany Doll, Mark Wood, Mr. Pete, Leilani Leeane, Alex Gonz, Chastity Lynn, Dane Cross, Bobbi Starr, Karlo Karrera , Charity Bangs, Cassandra Nix , James Deen


Frisky director (and lovely sex fiend) Bobbi Starr's direct, straightforward style of reality-based erotica gets right to the good stuff. Bobbi's double-disc production "Old School" is packed with over five hours of nasty pleasures, yet streamlined for maximum viewer satisfaction. In each of five marathon scenes, Bobbi has her way with a gorgeous girl, exploring her body with fingers and tongue and applying intimate yet severe techniques of lesbian domination. Then the director goes behind the camera to allow two studs to ravage her female student. Each raunchy, unrelenting three-way includes nasty double-penetrations and climaxes in creamy cum facials. Slender, submissive Cassandra Nix takes a rough anal stretching from Bobbi, then gets manhandled by Mark Wood and James Deen, double-stuffed with cock and splattered with spermy goo. Next, the director thrusts her tongue deep inside the tender butthole of soft, freckled brunette Tiffany Doll. Then Tiffany finds herself at the business end of two big dicks that skewer her ass 'til she's dizzy. Perky blonde Chastity Lynn enjoys an anal bathtub date with Bobbi in preparation for two big-dicked gentlemen. They fuck her sweet ass and unshaved pussy, then spurt their cum in Chastity's open mouth. Curvy, tattooed Charity Bangs gets thoroughly girlhandled, manhandled and DP'd. Ebony stunner Leilani Leeane gets her every orifice plundered and ends up doused in semen. There's more than enough filthy action for hard-core lesbian fans and boy-girl perverts alike. Taking porn back to the basics, "Old School" becomes a modern classic! Bobbi Starr's "Old School" is a double-disc DVD with behind-the-scenes footage, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.

screnshots: 
http://mypornimage.com/adultimage/bB 
http://mypornimage.com/adultimage/bD 
http://mypornimage.com/adultimage/bM