Description: So in France they have a contest for the hottest chick who's gone under the knife, they call it "Miss Plastic France".. now this girl Ingrid Vidal won in 2011 but had her title stripped when the judges discovered she had done some porn.. These scenes were insanely hard to find but I managed it in the end and thought I'd be a sport and share it.

Scene 1: So they pick up Ingrid at the Eiffel Tower, shes in a tight green top and some black trousers.. you can tell already she has a nice figure. They talk a little in french before heading back to the room where a masked guy comes in.. she knows her place and starts giving him a deep and sensual blowjob.. she strips down to reveal her smoking body in red lingerie and gets her pussy played with and eaten out.. another guy then randomly appears and they start some threeway action, he eats her whilst she sucks the other guy, then she gets pounded whilst still giving head and so on. Doesnt take long for the masked man to blow his load in her mouth, she lets the cum drool out onto her tits and plays with it a little. The other guy then continues to pounds her doggy style hard.. now even the camera man cant take it anymore and wants to get in on the action so whilst the masked dude takes over the camera; he jumps in. He face fucks her whilst the other guy continues to bang her some more, they switch positions so shes on top as she gets double penetrated, anal and fucked in her pussy with a finger in her ass. At the end they lie her down and finger her till she squirts at which point he takes her juice and drips it on her face, he then gives her a facial. The last guy bangs her some more before blowing his load on her tits. Amazing scene.

Scene 2: So this is a more straight forward scene, shes in a cute blouse with the sexiest black and white lingerie. He lays her down and eats her out her pussy before she returns the favour and gives him a blowjob. They then do some 69  before they fuck in spoon, missionary, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, doggy, reverse spoon and then all those positions again but this time anally. Scene wraps with a decent facial.

Scene 3: Fuck it, I cant type another long description so here are keywords it'll have to do. Interracial, 1 black guy 2 white guys, camera man jumping in too, DP, pussy licking, cock sucking, Lingerie, dark underground place, sex in loads of different position, anal fucking, three facials. check the screens.


Screens / Sample:
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/792_image.php2.jpg.html
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/790_image.php.jpg.html 
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/791_ingrid-vidal-miss-plastic-france-2011-part-1.flv-thumbs-2012.11.22-12.41.51-.jpg.html 
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/793_ingrid-vidal-miss-plastic-france-2011-part-2.flv-thumbs-2012.11.22-12.50.22-.jpg.html 

