                                   By bobiras2009	
		
If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Athentech Imaging, the makers of Perfectly Clear, have been the industry leaders in Automatic Image Correction for years. Our powerful and desktop and intelligent LAB software have led the way for an award winning iPhone app and now Android app.

Camera phones lack the quality and sophistication that dedicated cameras have and often leave you with underexposed, washed out photos. Perfectly Clear Automatically corrects these images and turns them into stunning memories for years to come. Now, from the everyday smart phone user to the experienced mobile photographer, there is an intelligent way to automatically correct your photos anywhere, anytime.

With the new, completely redesigned interface, no effort is required to create and then share beautiful looking images with this fun-to-use app. Watch as Perfectly Clear automatically peels off your original photo to reveal a vibrant, color corrected photo with crisp details you couldnΓÇÖt see in your original. Want more then automatic? Perfectly Clear lets you use our 10 patented correction to further customize your image the with the use of easy, intuitive sliders.

See for yourself the power of Perfectly Clear

Perfectly Clear for Android is available at an introductory price of $.99! That's 50% off.

This is your chance to get this great new app from an award winning software company. Perfectly Clear will transform you Android photos from mere snapshots into stunning memories.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 5, 2012)

    file explorer, browse through your file system
    improved image selection
        faster and uses less RAM
        better visualizations for albums and photos
        image container has been moved from bottom to the left
        images can be selected by a single click
        double tap to correct photo
        tap and hold to view photo properties
    EXIF information preserved
    expanded share support, send your corrected photos to any Android app that receives image intents
    FIXED: bug on some LG phones: Slice out of range

Required Android O/S : 2.3.3+

                                   By bobiras2009	