This torrent is a consolidation of my previous two torrents as well as adding in the lost books Leranior helpfully pointed out I was missing. I believe this is a complete collection of all 2nd edition Exalted books in print as well as some helpful unofficial fan material some of which ended up in the revised Lord and Lands of Creation books! I hope you enjoy it and as always, remember to reseed and support the creators of this content if you like it by buying the product. This torrent includes: 

Dreams of the First Age Box Set
--Book 1 Lands of Creation
--Book 1 Lands of Creation (revised)
--Book 2 Lords of Creation
--Book 2 Lords of Creation (revised)
--Guide Book to Meru
--Map of Creation in the First Age (jpg)
--Exalted Battle wheel (jpg)
NPCs
--Fanbase - Scroll of NPCs
--Fanbase - Scroll of NPCs Framing Fiction (PC) (doc)
--Fanbase - Stalker Writeup (doc)
--Fanbase - Stalker Image (jpg)
Extras
--Fanbase - Editable Character Sheets for Solars, NPCΓÇÖs, and Beasts
--Fanbase - High Res Map of Creation (from 1st edition) (bmp)
Adventure - Contagion of Law
Adventure - Daughter of Nexus
Adventure - Disease of an Evil Conscience
Adventure - Return of the Scarlet Empress
Adventure - Return to the Tomb of 5 Corners
Adventure - Under the Rose
Books of Sorcery Vol. 1 - Wonders of the Lost Age
Books of Sorcery Vol. 2 - Black and White Treatises
Books of Sorcery Vol. 3 - Oadenol's Codex
Books of Sorcery Vol. 4 - Roll Of Glorious Divinity
Books of Sorcery Vol. 5 - Roll Of Glorious Divinity II
Books of Sorcery Vol. 6 - Roll Of Glorious Divinity II Lost Arts of the Dead
Compass of Celestial Directions Vol. 1 - The Blessed Isle
Compass of Celestial Directions Vol. 2 - The Wyld
Compass of Celestial Directions Vol. 3 - Yu-Shan
Compass of Celestial Directions Vol. 4 - The Underworld
Compass of Celestial Directions Vol. 5 - Malfeas
Compass of Celestial Directions Vol. 6 - Autochthonia
Compass of Terrestrial Directions Vol. 1 - The Scavenger Lands
Compass of Terrestrial Directions Vol. 2 - The West
Compass of Terrestrial Directions Vol. 3 - The East
Compass of Terrestrial Directions Vol. 4 - The South
Compass of Terrestrial Directions Vol. 5 - The North
Core Exalted Book
Debris From the Fallen Races
Fanbase - Armorium 091
Fanbase - Exalted Indices (09-11)
Fanbase - Hundredfold Facets of Enlightenment
Glories of the Most High - Luna
Glories of the Most High - The Maidens of Destiny
Glories of the Most High - The Unconquered Sun
Graceful Wicked Masques - The Fair Folk
Manual of Exalted Power ΓÇô Abyssals
Manual of Exalted Power - Alchemicals
Manual of Exalted Power - Dragon-Blooded
Manual of Exalted Power - Infernals
Manual of Exalted Power ΓÇô Lunars
Manual of Exalted Power ΓÇô Sidereals
Masters of Jade
Scroll of Errata (3-13-2012)
Scroll of Exalts
Scroll of Fallen Races
Scroll of Kings
Scroll of the Monk
Shards of the Exalted Dream
Splinters of the Wyld
Storytellers Companion
The Broken Winged Crane
The Imperfect Lotus
The Ink Monkeys Ultimate Collection (2-12-2011)
The Thousand Correct Actions of the Upright Soldier