StudioLine Photo Classic 3 Plus is an equally powerful and easy to use software for the convenient management and editing of extensive image collections for any digital photography user. StudioLine Photo Classic 3 Plus manages images of all common graphics formats in a secure "Image Archive" database.

Categorize your images with textual descriptions of any length in system descriptors or your own user descriptors, or assign keywords and ratings. After that, locating individual images or finding images to match a certain theme will be a trivial task.

Convenient Geotagging

With the help of location data supplied by GPS data loggers or

digital cameras, photos can be displayed on digital maps or

satellite images.

Manual geotagging is as easy as dragging each photo to its

intended location on a digital map.

StudioLine automatically queries the GeoNames web service for

location details such as country, city, and possibly even street

names. This allows photo collections to be quickly searched, filtered

and sorted by cities, sights or other place names.

Image Editing and Archiving

StudioLine Photo Classic 3 Plus comes with an impressive array of professional editing tools. With

a few simple steps you can turn a set of images into a slide show, publish them as a web gallery,

burn a CD/DVD or send them to friends and family via Email.

Also built-in are extensive print functions for any format and size imaginable, or you can print

contact sheets, greeting cards, calendars and CD-covers.

Presentation

View your images in your own albums, in the

advanced Timeline Explorer or by keywords and

categories. Avoid data loss by backing up your

image archive, with all metadata and image

edits, to CD, DVD or secondary hard disk.

Function Tour

Customizable User Interface
Panes for image tools, descriptors, hints and folder/image information are clearly organized. Size, move, dock or hide panes to perfectly adapt StudioLine to your work flow.

Organize Efficiently and Locate Quickly
The highly reliable image archive of StudioLine Photo Classic 3 Plus lets you take control of your rapidly growing photo collections.

Professional Editing
Get the professional results out of your images with StudioLine's integrated and intuitive image editing.

Flexible Layout and Publishing
There are numerous options to share your images, including email, prints, web galleries, export and interfacing with online services.

Convenient Backup and Offload
Perform incremental CD/DVD backups of your images, complete with descriptions and image tool settings. No third party software required.

Support for RAW Files
RAW formats of popular cameras by Canon, Fujifilm, Konica-Minolta, Nikon, Olympus, Pentax, Sony, Sigma and other brands are supported. The extended color space allows for losless editing of your RAW formatted images.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 7 / Vista / XP SP3┬╖
Processor with a minimum of 1.6 GHz, higher recommended
2 GB RAM, more recommended
150 MB disk space for programs (allow extra space for data)
24 bit graphics adapter with monitor resolution of 1024 x 786 pixels

Homepage: http://www.studioline.net/EN/products/overview-photo-classic/default.htm

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program
2. Use given Key to register.
3. Done, Enjoy