Book Description:
Practical HTML5 Projects is a collection of valuable web techniques that any developer or designer can use. This book is all about saving time. Busy web developers should not have to plow through pages of theory or history only to discover that no practical applications are provided, nor should they have to read a paragraph five times to extract some meaning from it. All of the techniques within this book are explained using fully worked examples that you can immediately apply to your own projects.

With each technique the book provides:
-> A practical and useful example (and a screen shot of the end result where applicable).
-> The markup for a fully worked example.
-> A downloadable template to adapt for use in your own websites.

With Practical HTML5 Projects, you can dive straight into the book at the required chapter and immediately find answers to your website problems, and find the sample code you can use to get it right. Start creating websites using the practical examples, summaries, and templates. 

This book includes topics such as rollover navigation menus without scripts, adding audio and video, rounded corners, drop shadows, adding PayPal services, and much more. It also includes sections on troubleshooting and transitioning to HTML5 and CSS3 to help bring your existing content up to date.

What youΓÇÖll learn
-> Discover new techniques for creating interesting, attractive and accessible websites
-> Save time spent researching poorly documented techniques
-> Avoid lengthy trial-and-error testing and hours spent reading single topic manuals
-> Download templates and quickly adapt them for your own use
-> Keep pace with the latest developments and recommendations in web design
-> Accumulate a useful tool kit of resources and templates


Who this book is for
Practical HTML5 Projects acknowledges the fact that designers, teachers, and students would rather produce something than spend hours researching how to produce it. Web developers and designers can dive right into the book, take a template and adapt it. IT teachers can set student projects based on the techniques and templates revealed in the book.

Table of Contents
1. Moving to HTML5
2. A Rollover Picture Gallery
3. Backgrounds
4. Rollover Menus
5. Moving to CSS3
6. Adding Audio, Video and Slide Shows
7. Rounded Corners
8. Drop Shadows
9. Create Collages and Galleries
10.Add PayPal
11.Secure Feedback Methods
12.Monitor Mayhem
13.Appearance and Usefulness
14.Accessibility
15Dump those Deprecated Items
16.Search Engine Optimization
17.Printing, Counting, and Redirecting
18.Validation
19.Troubleshooting
20.Appendix

Product Details
Paperback: 484 pages | Publisher: Apress (May 2012) | Language: English 
ISBN-10: 1430242752 | ISBN-13: 978-1430242758 | Format : PDF 