
 
[b]Publication Date: April 17, 2012      |     PDF [/b]
 
 
 
 
The definitive source of information on all topics related to investment valuation 

tools and techniques.
 
 
Valuation is at the heart of any investment decision, whether that decision is buy, 

sell or hold. But the pricing of many assets has become a more complex task in modern 

markets, especially after the recent financial crisis. In order to be successful at 

this endeavor, you must have a firm understanding of the proper valuation techniques. 

One valuation book stands out as withstanding the test of time among investors and 

students of financial markets, Aswath Damodaran'sInvestment Valuation.
 
 
Now completely revised and updated to reflect changing market conditions, this third 

edition comprehensively introduces investment professionals and students to the range 

of valuation models available and how to chose the right model for any given asset 

valuation scenario. This edition includes valuation techniques for a whole host of 

real options, start-up firms, unconventional assets, distressed companies and private 

equity, and real estate. All examples have been updated and new material has been 

added.
 
 
Fully revised to incorporate valuation lessons learned from the last five years, from 

the market crisis and emerging markets to new types of equity investments
Includes valuation practices across the life cycle of companies and emphasizes value 

enhancement measures, such as EVA and CFROI
Contains a new chapter on probabilistic valuation techniques such as decision trees 

and Monte Carlo Simulation
 
Author Aswath Damodaran is regarded as one of the best educators and thinkers on the 

topic of investment valuation
 
 
This indispensable guide is a must read for anyone wishing to gain a better 

understanding of investment valuation and its methods. With it, you can take the 

insights and advice of a recognized authority on the valuation process and 

immediately put them to work for you.
 
 
 