SCREENSHOTS
  
http://bluestar.sexblogs.in/2012/06/02/fetish-fanatic-10-xxx-dvdrip-xvid/

MORE

Genres : Anal, Masturbation

Actors : Asa Akira, Chastity Lynn, Dana DeArmond, Jayden Lee, Lea Lexis, London Keyes, Sinn Sage, Vicki Chase

Studio : Evil Angel

Review : When director, performer and consummate girl-lover Belladonna makes a lesbian movie, it’s guaranteed to be wild and to deliver genuine lust. The kinky director has her pick of the most passionate sluts in the business, and, like a scientist of filth, Bella knows who can be counted on to produce the maximum in Sapphic combustion. “Fetish Fanatic Chapter 10″ features eight gorgeous girls who go way beyond light petting or tepid vanilla sex – instead, they attack one another with the intensity of true perverts. These fierce dykes are not afraid to use whatever’s at hand to get each other off, and they don’t care if things get messy! Tattooed Asian American foxes London Keyes and Jayden Lee roll around in a large pool of red gelatin, hungrily slurping their candied cunts and grinding away in ecstasy. Fishnet-clad domme Sinn Sage takes control of sweet, petite Latina Vicki Chase, paddling her fine bum cheeks until they glow a rosy, then sitting on Vicki’s pretty face and making her service her juicy twat and bring her to orgasm. Lovely brunette Dana DeArmond and blonde cutie Chastity Lynn stretch each other’s butthole and lick gaping sphincters for the thrill of it. And exotic predator Asa Akira meets cherubic blonde Lea Lexis on a mat coated with a thick layer of stringy, slimy lubricant; Asa and Lea’s bizarre lovemaking session involves rimming, foot penetration and sticky webs of clear goo. “Fetish Fanatic Chapter 10″ is all-natural girl-on-girl passion: No artificial flavors added!

FILE INFO

File Size    :     1.37GB
RELEASE.DAtE : 02.06.2012      FORMAT..... : XviD
PROd.StUdiO. : Evil Angel      RESOLUtiON. : 624x352
DVD.RELEASE. : 30.05.2012      AUdiO...... : VBR MP3
SiZE........ : 2CD             SUPPLiER... : DivXfacTory
GENRE....... : Fetish         