PublicHD - High-Definition Bittorrent Community 
     
http://publichd.eu/

-----------------------------------------------------




[b]Iron Front: Liberation 1944 is a tactical shooter set in WWII Russia and featuring realistic weapons, aircrafts and vehicles placed at the disposal of the Russian soldiers. The story takes place in southern Poland during the Soviet Offensive in the summer of 1944. The player takes on the role of a Russian or German infantryman, using teamwork, tactical skill and authentic war machines to battle for victory. The German campaign focuses on slowing the advance of the Soviet troops, while the Soviet campaign is all about breaking through the enemy's resistance. However, the player does not have to do all this on foot: using their computers, tacticians control tanks, including the famous German battle tank Panzerkampfwagen VI or "Königstiger" and the Russian Stalin tank JS2, or fighter planes such as the Focke Wulf 190 and dive bombers like the Stuka or the Petlyakov PE-2.

Online is where the battle really heats up in Iron Front: Liberation 1944 -- players can complete missions either cooperatively or compete with each other in special multiplayer modes such as "Capture the Flag" or "Attack and Defense". Iron Front also includes an extensive mission editor, enabling players to intuitively create their own missions and share them with their friends online, thus guaranteeing that there will never be a shortage of new missions.

Main Features

Two campaigns

See the war under the helmet of a Wehrmacht soldier or through the hatch of the soviet tank as Red Army tank crew.
Extensive multiplayer

Taste the new Blitzkrieg game mode, extensive infantry combat, tank fights and air wars.
Mission Editor

Create your own epic missions, feel the scale of the greatest war.
Summer environment

Four accurate, large and authentic maps representing the real atmosphere of those days.
Authentic weapon and vehicle simulation

Shell ballistics, armor thickness, distance counting, angle counting, materials – everything counts in the war.
Everything mobile[/b]

Forget about static armory; all the artillery and the machine guns are towable and portable.


