S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier (c) Ubisoft

21-06-2012....Release Date - Protection.............Ubisoft DRM
TFS..............Game Type - Disk(s).....................BluRay

RELEASE NOTES

There is nothing fair, honorable, or just about combat. There is only
winning and losingthe dead and the living. The Ghosts don't worry
about even odds. They do everything in their power to overwhelm and
obliterate the enemy. Future technology is the key to winning an
asymmetric battle.

In Ghost Recon Future Soldier join an elite team of highly trained,
cut-throat special-ops soldiers. Armed to the teeth with unrivalled
combat technology and cutting-edge military hardware, Ghost Recon takes
you to the globe's most deadly warzones to hunt down the highest value
targets.

When you're outnumberedOnly the dead fight fair.

Single-Player Campaign:
An all-new, epic Ghost Recon experience
12 missions
8 spectacular locales - Fight across diverse terrains from the dust of
Africa, the suburbs of Moscow, to the icy territory of the Arctic

Multiplayer Mode:
Up to 12 players in 6Vs6 matches for a fast-paced, intense online
experience
Select from 3 classes (Rifleman, Engineer and Scout) and unlock new
gear to battle online across 10 maps.
Gain experience and levels, make decisive choices to customize and
develop your character.
Gather Intel on your enemies positions and share it with your
teammates.
Use the new suppression system to pin your enemies down while your
teammates flank them.
4 game modes focused on objectives and cooperation, including new
exclusives and GR's classic Siege.
Created by Red Storm, the studio behind the critically acclaimed Ghost
Recon Advanced Warfighter multiplayer modes.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn images
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Start game and you will be presented with the Ubisoft login screen
6. Username is of course SKIDROW, leave it like that
7. Type anything as password and put a mark in "remember me"
8. Hit the Play button
9. Play the game
0. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


Minimum System Requirements:
		
CPU:	Intel Pentium D Processor 3.0 Ghz or AMD Athlon64 X2 4400+ 2.2Ghz		
RAM:	1GB RAM (Windows XP) or 2GB RAM (Windows Vista or Windows 7)		
VGA:	256 MB DirectXΓÇôcompliant, Shader 4.0ΓÇôenabled video card		
DX:	DirectX 9.0c		
OS:	Windows XP (with Service Pack 3), Windows Vista (with Service Pack 2) 
        or Windows 7 (with Service pack 1), both 32 bit & 64 bit versions
HDD:	25GB Hard Drive Space		
Sound:	DirectX 9.0c compliant sound card		
ODD:	DVD-ROM speed 4x, dual-layer drive


Poster:

 
http://www.postimg.com/74000/photo-73158.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://www.postimg.com/74000/photo-73159.jpg

 
http://www.postimg.com/74000/photo-73160.jpg


ENJOY!