Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5
 
Fast optimization with perfect results

 New, clearly structured user interface
 The Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 amazes with its fresh design and a very intuitive user interface for quickly accessing your images. Thanks to an improved image preview all areas of a photo can be examined closely to get an even better look at the ΓÇ£before and afterΓÇ¥ effect.
 One click optimization
 Today image optimization is incredibly easy! Imagine that you want to present the photos of your last outdoor party or pictures of an amazing sunset from your last holiday. Unfortunately, the sunset does not look as gorgeous as you remember it. Then you just select the photo, click on optimize and thatΓÇÖs it. After that you will impress your friends with your amazing images!
 If you want your complete photo collection to shine in new splendor, there is an effective and quick solution for that as well. Just let Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 do the work for you by optimizing whole image folders automatically.
 In addition to an automatic optimization, you can always easily edit your images manually for individual and precisely accurate results.
 Range of functions
 Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 provides all functions that you need to make your pictures look brilliant. Those are: Red-eye removal
 Amazing effects
 Freely positionable individual watermarks
 Color correction with customizable values
 Creation of stamps
 One-click optimization
 Mirroring
 Rotation
 Aging of images and lots more
 With the freely adjustable before / after view you can have a really close look at every detail of the optimization results.

Requirements
 
Operating System:
 Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8

 Computer:
 Any computer that runs one of the operating systems above.
 Graphics card: min. resolution 1024 x 768 with 1 MB memory and 16-bit color (high color)
 Recommended: resolution 1280 x 1024 or better, true color

 RAM and disk space:
 1 GB RAM or more, hard disk space 75 MB

 CPU:
 1500 MHz (or higher) x86/x64 CPU

 Software: 
Microsoft .Net 4.0 Framework
 
Homepage: https://www.ashampoo.com/en/usd/pin/0857/Multimedia_Software/Ashampoo-Photo-Optimizer-5/Overview
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Run "regme" file and merge it.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 