Year : 2012
Genre Game : Action, Shooter , 3D , 3rd , Person
Developer : Slant Six Games
Publisher : Capcom Publication
Type : Repack
Language : Russian / English
language voice : English
Medicine : Not required

System Requirements
Operating System : Windows ® XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo processor with a clock frequency of 2.4 GHz
Memory : 2 GB
Video Card : 512 MB ​​of video memory (NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GTS / ATI Radeon HD 3850 )
Sound card : compatible with DirectX 9.0c
Free space on HDD : 8 GB
DVD-ROM : No


Operation Raccoon City - a classic third-person shooter, designed for co-flow. The game is set in the familiar - a dark and brutal - the universe Resident Evil. Players will be participants in the events Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3, but this time they are covered from a new angle. Battles will take place in a variety of decorations will not only oppose the enemy force, but the zombies and bio-weapons (Bio-Organic Weapons - BOW's). This brings into play the element of surprise, and will also require to quickly analyze the situation and look for every approach to the enemy. September 1998. The ill-fated town of Raccoon City is experiencing terrible consequences of contracting deadly T-virus, which was created in the laboratory of Umbrella Corporation and released into the city water system. To hide the crime, Umbrella sends an elite team of mercenaries to destroy the evidence to prove her involvement in what is happening and, of course, all the witnesses. Learning of this plan, the U.S. government, in turn, the commander in Raccoon City SWAT unit in order to get evidence of the spread of viral infection and guilt in the Umbrella ...

Features:

A View from the other side. At this time, participating in the familiar events of Resident Evil, players perform on the side of security Umbrella (Umbrella Security Services soldier - USS). They are not only able to look at what is happening in terms of the notorious corporation, but also get a chance to change the history of Raccoon City.
deadly quartet. Fighting with government troops and all kinds of mutants can be either alone or together with three colleagues in the mode of joint passage.
Celebrities and attractions. Fans of the series will visit places of worship, such as the police department Raccoon City, and will meet familiar characters, including the newly created police officer Leon Kennedy (Leon S. Kennedy). It will be the first in the list of persons which is prescribed to eliminate.
figure for three. In Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City presents a variety of multiplayer modes. Each will provide a unique gaming experience, as the fight will be for any of the three sides of the conflict - soldiers Umbrella, special forces and even the mutant zombies.

Features RePack:-

»Removed all languages ​​except Russian and English / no recoded
»Installation time ~ 15-20 minutes
»Packed by Snoopak96

Installation:

1) Run Setup.exe
2) Install (You may need to restart your computer)
3) Create a local profile Xlive
4) Play

