A spanking pays for a parking ticket?

I love my life. I go to college, wear the latest trendy clothes, keep myself in the high maintenance status as every hot girl should. You know, nails and toes always look perfect and my hair is silky and shiny. I love all the attention I get from guys. This is all thanks to my step Dad of course. Mom re-married well this time. She doesn't work and neither do I . She taught me the way to get money from my Dad any time I want it. He doesn't bother telling me to go get a job cause he know I wont anyway. Now that I am grown up and dress like a woman I notice him looking at me a little longer than he should sometimes. I don't say anything to my Mom about him leering at me because I don't want to upset her. We both have a good thing here with this man who just hands over his money and all we have to do is be pretty. The day I got a parking ticket everything changed with my relationship to him. I was sure he would just write a check and pay for it like he does everything else. I was wrong. I sort of expected a lecture and maybe even the keys taken away for a weekend but what I got for punishment completely surprised me. He called me in their bedroom to talk about the ticket. First he threatened to tell my Mom. This made me very uneasy to hear so I practically begged him not to tell her. He could sense my discomfort and then immediately suggested I settle the ticket the old fashioned way, a good hard spanking. I could only reply with a giggle and denial. I mean, come on! You know I'm not a little kid anymore, why would you want to spank me? Oh, wow. Now I get it. You are a pervy old man and just want my young body draped across your lap. That's disgusting. Oh well, whatever I have to do just so you won't tell my Mom. How bad can it hurt anyway? Its not like I'm afraid of the pain I'm more afraid of knowing that my step-Dad is a pervert and wants me on his lap. He doesn't even know how to spank my ass. With every thwack it makes me want to laugh. I could completely sense he only had me on his lap for his own sexual benefit. Whatever, ... I will play his stupid little spank game if it gets him off my ass, literally and he pays the damn ticket. I could feel his daddy dick in his pants growing stiff the more I squirmed on his lap from the spanking. It came to me why I was really in his bedroom on his lap. I decided this would be a good time to actually be an obedient daughter and take care of his bulge. I slid off his slacks and went to work on his cock. The sooner I make him feel good the sooner this will all be over and I can go to the mall. I wonder how many times he has thought about my young supple body while his dick is thrusting inside my Mom. He doesn't answer when I ask him but the firmness of his throbbing dick tells me he wants me. I pulled my pretty dress to the side so he could see my budding breasts. I have a feeling he really liked the easy access dress I was wearing. He should like it, he bought it. I told him if he keeps the money coming I will jack him off anytime he wants when Mom isn't home. Its not so bad stroking his pole. Its nice and long and plenty firm for me. I could sense he was going to spew his goo as he moved his hips like was fucking me then tensed his body. He gave me quite a load of sticky cum all over my beautiful hands. Whew, glad that's over with. Judging by the glazed look of relief in his eyes he's gonna take care of that parking ticket real soon. Ah, its good to be pretty.


Samples:
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/1182_thj1-cassandra-nix.flv-snapshot-08.53-2012.12.11-10.52.32-.jpg.html 
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/1183_thj1-cassandra-nix.flv-snapshot-13.47-2012.12.11-10.52.47-.jpg.html 
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/1184_thj1-cassandra-nix.flv-snapshot-00.27-2012.12.11-10.52.07-.jpg.html
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/1186_thj1-cassandra-nix.flv-snapshot-01.59-2012.12.11-10.52.18-.jpg.html 

Screens:
 
http://postxxximage.org/show.php/1185_thj1-cassandra-nix.flv-thumbs-2012.12.11-10.51.23-.jpg.html 


