FACIAL FITNESS SYSTEMΓäó is a revolutionary new method for reducing wrinkles. It is the simple and effective way to restore and maintain a more youthful appearance.
Patricia developed the Facial Fitness SystemΓäó as an alternative to the costly and painful surgical procedures designed to tone and tighten the muscles of the face and neck. 



Several years ago after a debilitating injury during a car accident, she began using basic facial exercises to rehabilitate a neck injury that also affected the Temporal Mandibular Joint or (TMJ). After seeing remarkable results from just a few simple movements, she began to adapt these movements to apply to each of the major muscles of the face and neck. And the results were phenomenal. Not only were the muscles becoming toned and tightened but the appearance of wrinkles began to diminish. But that was only the beginning. Patricia then began to develop The Facial Massage techniques that were specifically designed to accompany and enhance the Facial Exercise Program. After years of research and fine-tuning, The Facial Fitness System was born.

Being a former model, Patricia has always been acutely aware of the importance of good skin care, regular exercise, and the use of massage to increase circulation and reduce stress. She has combined these ideas and applied them to the health and well being of the face to create a system, which naturally tones and tightened the muscles of the face and neck without the use of surgery.

"I have always sought out ways of improving my health naturally, and having been married to a Chiropractic Physician and working so closely with him in his practice, I believe in finding alternative methods of improving ones health without the use of surgery, whenever possible. The Facial Fitness System was simply a progression for me to rehabilitate, improve, and maintain a healthy, youthful complexion. This system will take years off ones appearance in just weeks and with regular use will maintain that healthy, youthful complexion for years to come."

More Info_http://www.facialfitnesssystems.com/

This is the same as the dvd on filesharing sites. I just compressed it to a smaller size.