Gennett jazz 1922 - 1930 [from the Joe Bussard collection] (4-CD, JSP, 320kb)

*Jazz burst into the world - thrilling, dynamic, unmistakeable - like a force of nature. This collection of great early sides still communicates the excitement that enthralled a generation.

Ladd's Black Aces, Vicksburg Blowers, Windy City Jazzers, Kentucky Blowers, Jelly Roll Morton, Ezra Buzzington's Rustic Revellers, Hattie Garland, Wolverine Orchestra, King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band, Porter's Blue Devils, Jelly James & His Fewsicians, Frank Bunch & His Fuzzy Wuzzies, Red Onion Jazz Babies, Elvira Johnson, Zach Whites Chocolate Beau Brummels, Josephine Beatty, Richard M Jones, Fess Williams Royal Flush Orchestra and many more.

Anyone who has seen the brilliant DVD "Dangerous Man Blues" will recall Joe Bussard stating flatly that all jazz ended in 1932 and the stuff we've listened since ΓÇÿjust ain't jazz, they might call it jazz but it's not jazz'. The more I hear of this stuff - the more I agree. This original golden era jazz is roaring, inventive and hot and is performed with imagination and verve by some tremendous musicians.

This new JSP box is a sister album to the big selling Paramount Jazz (JSP960) and like that set, it contains some truly terrific pre-war jazz by legendary musicians of the genre. The 105 tracks are taken from the famous Joe Bussard collection and the range of talent presented is extraordinary with the likes of Miff Mole, Bix Beiderbecke, Adrian Rollini, Jimmy Blythe, Red Nichols, Lil & Louis Armstrong, Sidney Bechet, Fletcher Henderson, Johnny Dodds, Buster Bailey, Baby Dodds and James Johnson all appearing as sidemen. Tunes by, for example, Bix Beiderbecke and The Wolverine Orchestra or Louis Armstrong with the Creole Jazz Band, are saturated with an energy and passion that we miss none of now that technology has caught up with the amount of info captured in a 78rpm record. We can hear exactly how revolutionary these bands were for the times and it's mind-boggling.

As you'd expect, the big boys deliver some fine moments - King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band playing Snake Rag with Johnny Dodd's clarinet warbling alongside Armstrong's cornet then there's Bix storming along on the Wolverines eight tracks. But as always, the obscurities never fail to please with some great moments by The Happy Harmonists, Friar's Society Orchestra, Frank Bunch And His Fuzzy Wuzzies and the blues girls Edna Johnson, Viola McCoy and Elvira Johnson. It's all glorious stuff.

This set is basically a must for fans of early jazz. It marks the very first time many of the selections have appeared on CD, and is the first such compilation of the label in a digital format. 