Date: 	12-05-12
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Christian Wilde, Dr. Bruce Goldberg

In the first half, researcher Christian Wilde discussed his analysis of treatments and natural supplements that can help protect against AlzheimerΓÇÖs Disease, as well as aid in the prevention and treatment of heart disease. According to a new animal study, there's very solid evidence that turmeric's curcumin binds to amyloid plaques (found between nerve cells in the brains of Alzheimer's patients) and dissolves them or keeps them from forming, he reported. Further, a study done at UCLA called for better, safer drugs to treat Alzheimer/dementia patients. One of the researchers at UCLA declared, "if it's not turmeric/curcumin, we need something a lot like it," Wilde reported. He also noted that elderly villagers in India (where turmeric is commonly consumed as a cooking spice) have a very low rate of degenerative brain disease.

According to a study in the Archives of Neurology, people that eat fish just once a week have a 60% lower chance of developing Alzheimer's, Wilde detailed. There's a 300% increased risk of all dementias if someone's CRP level is elevated in their blood, he continued, suggesting that concerned people could have this factor checked by a blood test with their doctors. Wilde also addressed the successful use of stem cells injected into the heart to treat cardiac problems, and several of his patients phoned-in to share their amazing recovery stories after receiving stem cell treatments.

----------------------------------------------------

In the latter half, hypnotherapist Dr. Bruce Goldberg talked about soul or energy healing through hypnosis, time travelers, and how we can safely travel to and return from the fifth dimension for our own spiritual growth and healing. The 5th dimension can only be accessed through hypnosis or an altered state of consciousness, he noted. "When I discuss healing, I'm talking about training or introducing the patients' subconscious mind to their higher self or superconscious mind," which is actually a 5th-dimensional experience," he said. The soul healing process is largely about shifting one's perspective in a life-changing way-- "when we love ourselves enough, negative energy patterns will dissipate and the body will actually heal itself," he continued.

Soul healing can be a useful tool in eliminating such conditions as depression, migraines, and insomnia, as well as for pain control, and life extension, he remarked. Goldberg also shared what he considers as possible evidence for the existence of time travelers, including a 1940 photo that appears to include a 1970s hipster, an "astronaut" carved on a pillar in Salamanca Cathedral in Spain (though some suggest the astronaut was added during a 1992 restoration), and an anomalous carving of a stegosaur on an ancient Cambodian temple (see images below). Time travelers could have carried a hologram of the dinosaur and showed it to the Cambodian artist, he explained.

News segment guests: Catherine Austin Fitts, Richard C. Hoagland - related article
Website(s):

    myheartbook.com
    drbrucegoldberg.com

Book(s):

    Miracle Stem Cell Heart Repair
    Exploring The Fifth Dimension: Parallel Universes, Teleportation and Out of Body Travel
    Time Travelers From Our Future
    Soul Healing
    Custom Design Your Own Destiny

