.
Jon Stewart interviews author Grover Norquist on "The Daily Show"
PLUS
One method of how to watch the Daily Show outside of the U.S
If you only want the interview just download video (1)

(1) Daily.Show.Extended.Interview.Grover.Norquist.2012.03.12.Mini.x264.mkv
(2) Youtube-How to watch the Daily Show and Colbert Report Outside the US-2009.mp4
(3) How to watch the Daily Show and Colbert Report Outside the US-2012.avi

(1)
This is the extended interview with author Grover Norquist
March 12 - 2012

Media info:
26:51 Min
480 x 272 . FPS - 29.97
Video bit rate - 215 kbps
Codec - x264 . Container - mkv 
Format profile - High@L3.1 . very slow two pass
Audio - MP3 - 40Kbps - 22.05 KHz - Mono


(2)
This video is not my work, it is a direct MP4 download from youtube
It is from 2009
I watched this and then tried out what he said.
(The video is dark for a few seconds)
I included the actual link to the youtube file in case you want to read the comments.

(3)
This video is an XviD with no sound.
It is a screen capture of the information in video (2) using current software.
And because of that it is slightly different. You should watch videos (2) and (3) in order.

Disclaimer:
Although this is very easy and safe to do, I must say there is always a risk when installing software. So you do so at your own risk.

Notes:
I show the version of firefox I am using and the date at the start of the video.
The latest version of Firefox and adobe flash are already installed when this starts.
I installed "Modify headers" and the optional "remove cookies for site"
I just like a quick method of dumping cookies when doing something like this.
You don't need it if you remember to turn your "modify headers" on before going to the daily show website.
I also made the "modify headers" button visible by using the addon bar and then dragged it up to the top so I had fast access to it. This is just my preference.

This method may or may not work for you.
It may depend on where you live. All I can say is it worked for me tonight.
I offer no other help than this as there are more videos on youtube about it.

And just in case you are wondering this doesn't work on hulu.
Good Luck
.