Hetman Partition Recovery

Hetman Partition Recovery offers the ability to perform the complete recovery of your files, folders and entire hard drives. The hard drive recovery software offers numerous tools to successfully solve the many typical issues occurring to your hard drive and your files. The tool does everything from recovering deleted files from healthy disks to repairing inaccessible hard drives and disks that were formatted, repartitioned, corrupted or otherwise damaged.

Supporting all versions of FAT and NTFS file systems used in all versions of Windows up to the latest Windows 7, this hard drive recovery software can fix problems in storage media of any kind. Convenient step-by-step wizards make the recovery process as easy as one-two-three.

The product’s comprehensive file recovery algorithms scan the entire hard drive looking for recoverable files and folders. By reading the entire drive instead of the file system alone, the hard drive recovery software can recover many more files than simpler competing tools. Hetman Partition Recovery can undelete files deleted with Shift+Del or removed from the Recycle Bin.

It can recover files from formatted and repartitioned disks, and undelete files and folders from all types of hard disks, USB flash drives and all types of memory cards such as SD, microSD, SDHC, CompactFlash, Memory Stick etc. Recovered files can be stored on another disk, burned to CD/DVD or uploaded to a remote location via FTP.

Most hard drive recovery software tools would stop there, but Hetman Partition Recovery goes an extra mile by fixing the issue that caused the original problem. Formatted hard drives can be unformatted, repartitioned volumes restored, and corrupted file systems completely repaired. Hetman Partition Recovery includes comprehensive algorithms that can search the entire hard drive looking for deleted volumes or searching for a reserve copy of the damaged file system.

The hard drive recovery software can then reconstruct the original partition structure, restore the master boot record (MBR), fix or re-construct disk file systems complete with the original file and folder structure. If you need a complete solution to recover lost data and repair hard drive problems, Hetman Partition Recovery is your best bet.

Features:

Undeletes files of any type, recovers documents, compressed archives and digital photo albums, audio and video files;

Safe operation: read-only access to affected volumes; can back up a copy of the entire partition into a file and recover information from the backup copy for even greater safety;

Recovers information from cleared Recycle Bin, undeletes files deleted with “Shift”+”Del”;

Recovers data from digital cameras, mobile phones, portable MP3 players and other devices you can connect to a PC with a USB cable;

Recovers information from formatted, repartitioned, corrupted and inaccessible disks preserving the original folder structure;

Recovers data after Quick Format (all versions of Windows) and Full Format (in all versions of Windows before Vista);

Recovered information can be saved onto another disk or partition, stored on a CD/DVD or uploaded to an FTP server;

Perfect usability with step-by-step wizards, Explorer-like user interface complete with searching and filtering;

Instantly previews recoverable files;

Supports all versions of FAT and NTFS including VFAT, FAT16, FAT32, NTFS3, 4, 5, and NTFS6 including alternative data stream recovery;

Recovers files stored on compressed and encrypted NTFS volumes;

Unformats formatted partitions;

Restores original volumes on repartitioned hard drives;

Repairs corrupted file systems, partition tables, master boot records (MBR) and other system information;

Scans the entire hard drive for recoverable information;

Supports built-in and external hard disks, USB flash drives and all types of memory cards including SD, microSD, SDHC, SDXC, CompactFlash, SONY MemoryStick etc.

Homepage: http://hetmanrecovery.com/hard_drive_recovery/software.htm

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
