S K I D R O W

the leading force

proudly presents
Jet Set Radio (c) SEGA

19-09-2012......Release Date <-> Protection.................Steam
Action.............Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Tag, grind, and trick to the beat in SEGA's hit game Jet Set Radio!

Fight for control of Tokyo-to, mark your turf with graffiti, tag walls
billboards, and even rival gang members! Perform tricks and flips on
magnetically driven in-line skates, but watch out for the local police
force!

Heritage Collection treatment:

Now available via PC Digital download, Jet Set Radio is part of Sega's
Heritage Collection series and now features lush HD visuals, developer
interviews, and amazing fan-created graffiti

Classic Beats:

Skate to the funky tunes of Pirate Radio! Jet Set Radio still features
29 of 30 tracks from the original Dreamcast release

Express yourself:

Choose from a massive catalog of classic and new graffiti or create
your own and use it to tag walls, billboards, cars, and even rival gang
members!

The gang's all here:

Recruit more than 10 playable characters to your gang, each with their
own unique graffiti!

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Settings from Windows START to set game resolutions and keys. Or
jsrsetup.exe manually

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/PzTHQ.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/jefvw.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/BY3nP.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/gXfxi.jpg


ENJOY!