                                 By bobiras2009		


If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Android Jelly Bean Keyboard from Android 4.1 ported to work on your device!
Jelly Bean Keyboard is the best port of Jelly Bean Keyboard on the market!

PRO Only features:

    Themes: compatible with GO keyboard themes, Better Keyboard themes, and most keyboard themes on the market!
    Fonts: change keyboard fonts!
    Key height, width, key size customizations!
    No annoying ads!
    Help developer feed his kids!

Jelly Bean Keyboard - The keyboard from Android 4.1 Jelly Bean

This is the keyboard from Android 4.1 (codename Jelly Bean). I back ported it to work with all android deivces 1.6 and up. Everything is working except Speech Recognition will require android 2.2 or higher.

This essentially the same Jelly Bean Keyboard you will find in Android 4.1 but I made a few minor adjustments to it to make it work a little better.

It's even better than the original Jelly Bean keyboard:

    Compatible with most android devices
    Features that are incompatible with older phones were removed to make the keyboard faster
    Bigger Keys!
    Reduced app size by exporting non-English languages as separate downloads
    More user friendly

Enjoy!

Supported 40+ languages layout: 
English, English UK, Arabic, Belarusian, Bulgarian, Bulgarian BDS, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, French (Canada), French QWERTY, Georgian, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Icelandic, Italian, Kirghiz, Latvian, Macedonian, Norwegian Bokmal, Persian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese, Romanian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese

What's in this version: (Updated : Aug 29, 2012)

    Keyboard lag problem is now fixed. Try it out!
    Bug fixes: Ukrainian layout bug, spell checker bug
    New setting: disable dictionary download notification
    Anti-lag setting is now off by default, try turning it on if keyboard lags
    Key press sound setting (PRO)
    Long press timeout setting
    Show suggestion in url mode, this is always on for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean
    Custom key color (PRO)
    Move cursor with volume key
    Custom background setting (PRO)





                                 By bobiras2009		
