Up with Chris Hayes; Sunday, October 14, 2012.

Sunday on Up with Chris, Chris and his guests examined Mitt Romney's crowning achievement when it comes to job creation: Staples. They talk with Staples founder Tom Stemberg about Romney's Staples record, and took a close look at the types of jobs big retail chains like Staples offer. They also discussed the trend of CEOs ordering their employees to support particular candidates, and share some breaking news about the Koch brothers. And they dove into the polling industry with Nate Silver of The New York Times, who provided them with the latest news on what the polling says about the presidential election.

Joining Chris were:

Josh Barro (Lead Writer for Bloomberg View's "The Ticker"), Sarita Gupta (Executive Director of Jobs with Justice and Executive Director of American Rights at Work), Zephyr Teachout (Professor at the Fordham University School of Law), and Maya Wiley (civil rights attorney, Founder and President of the Center for Social Inclusion) discussed low wage job employers and low prices.

Thomas Stemberg (founder of Staples, Managing General Partner of the Highland Consumer Fund) joined via satellite to discuss what kind of jobs are created and if they are sustainable.

Monica Youn (Brennan Center constitutional fellow at the New York University school of law where she focuses on election law and First Amendment issues), Alec MacGillis (senior editor for "The New Republic" and currently serving as the magazine's correspondent for the 2012 campaign) replaced Zephyr Teachout and Maya Wiley, respectively to discuss CEOs forcing employees to support certain politicians.

Josh Barro stayed, Nate Silver (Founder of FiveThirtyEight: Nate Silver's Political Calculus and author of ΓÇ£The Signal and the Noise: Why So Many Predictions Fail ΓÇô But Some DonΓÇÖt"), David W. Moore (Senior Fellow at the Carsey Institute at the University of New Hampshire, Policy Critic at iMediaEthics.org and Former Managing Editor and Senior Editor of the Gallup Poll), and Maya Wiley returned.

'You Should Know' David W. Moore, Maya wiley, Zephyr Teachout, and Nate Silver did the final segment.