Christmas in July (1940)


Jimmy MacDonald (Dick Powell) dreams of winning the 'Maxford House Coffee Slogan' contest and its
$25,000 first prize, and becoming rich enough to take care of his mother and to marry his girlfriend
Betty Casey (Ellen Drew).

Three of his co-workers devise a prank, meant as a joke, and place a fake telegram on Jimmy's desk 
informing him that he has won the contest. Wishing to be done with the contest, Dr. Maxford (Raymond Walburn),
the owner of Maxford House Coffee, accepts that Jimmy is the winner and hands him the check of $25,000, without
realizing that the judging committee is still deliberating.

Jimmy is now seen as a hidden advertising talent at work, and is given a major promotion and the afternoon off.
He and Betty embark on a shopping spree. Purely on the basis of the check, Jimmy is given credit to buy an
engagement ring for Betty, a luxury sofa-bed for his mother, and presents for many of the poor families that
live on his street.

Soon the truth emerges and the shop manager descends on Jimmy's street where a carnival atmosphere of celebration
is taking place. Dr. Maxford follows soon after.

With the truth out, Betty pleads with Jimmy's boss to let him keep his promotion. Meanwhile the judging
committee at Maxford House have finally reached a decision. Unknown to them, the winning slogan is in fact
Jimmy's, and a telegram is dispatched to the winner.


Video Codec: XVID  (Matroska)
(Container - V_MPEG4/ISO/ASP)

Frame Size: 720 x 480  (Native Format)
Ratio: 3:2

Frame Rate: 29.970 fps
Video Bitrate: 1024 bps
Duration: 1:07:26

Audio Codec: mp3
Audio sample rate: 44.1 Khz
Language: English
Subtitles: None

Cast:

    Dick Powell as Jimmy MacDonald
    Ellen Drew as Betty Casey
    Raymond Walburn as Dr. Maxford
    Alexander Carr as Mr. Shindel
    William Demarest as Mr. Bildocker
    Ernest Truex as Mr. J.B. Baxter
    Franklin Pangborn as Don Hartman (announcer)
    Harry Hayden as Mr. E.L. Waterbury (off. mgr.)
    Rod Cameron as Dick (co-worker)
    Adrian Morris as Tom Darcy (co-worker)
    Harry Rosenthal as Harry (co-worker)
    Georgia Caine as Mrs. Ellen MacDonald
    Ferike Boros as Mrs. Schwartz
    Torben Meyer as Mr. Schmidt
    Julius Tannen as Mr. Zimmerman
    Al Bridge as Mr. Hillbeiner (jeweler)
    Lucille Ward as Mrs. Casey
    Kay Stewart as Maxford's secretary
    Victor Potel as Davenola salesman
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0032338/