Following the dissolution of The New Universe imprint, Mark Gruenwald, the writer of The New Universe title, DP7, decided to bring the Star Brand and other New Universe characters into the Marvel Universe proper.  He later incorporated them into the Marvel Multiverse, allowing crossovers with other Marvel titles.

In the crossover Starblast, Kayla Ballantine is secretary for Quasar when she receives the Star Brand.  Once her powers began to manifest, she became the target of numerous alien individuals, and groups.  These include The Dance, The Chief Examiner, and a group of interplanetary marauders known as The Starblasters.  When The Starblasters tried to push the moon away from the orbit of Earth, Quasar recruited some of the most powerful heroes on Earth to stop them.

The Imperial Guard was informed about a hijacked Shi'ar craft and later joined Quasar and his team.  When it became clear that the Starblasters were working for The Stranger, Guard members Solar Wind, Voyager and Moondancer opted to help the team against The Stranger, even though it would mean they had to resign from active Guard duty.  (These three Guardsmen were once captured and caged by The Stranger some years before.)  After helping Quasar, these three former Guardsmen were never seen again serving the Shi'ar Imperial Guard, and their whereabouts are presently unknown.

To prevent Skeletron, the leader of the Starblasters, from forcibly taking the Star Brand, Ballantine would eventually pass it onto The Stranger.  The Stranger used the Star Brand to move the Earth Of The New Universe into orbit around his Labworld.  The Living Tribunal then judges the Star Brand to be a threat to the hierarchy of the greater powers of the Marvel Multiverse.  The New Earth is quarantined, surrounded by an impenetrable energy barrier so that no one can enter or leave it, and none of the greater powers are ever allowed to observe it again.  After the threat posed by the Starblasters was over, the Star Brand was returned to Ballantine.  She remained on the New Universe Earth after it was moved into the Marvel Universe and cut off from the rest of that universe.
