The Siege Of Darkness consists of two subsequent story in which the Midnight Sons fought groups connected with the two major villains, Lilith and Zarathos.

At the beginning of the story, Ghost Rider and Blaze tell The Nightstalkers, The Darkhold Redeemers, and Morbius that they have killed Lilith and Zarathos. The Nightstalkers, who are skeptical, investigate but find mist containing Lilin now emanating from Cypress Hills Cemetery.  As the other Midnight Sons join the fight, they discover that, instead of killing Lilith and Zarathos, Ghost Rider and Blaze have opened a portal to Shadowside where the Lilin had been exiled. They split into two groups, one led by Ghost Rider and one led by Morbius. Vengeance, Caretaker and Doctor Strange also join the fight. Caretaker claims Zarathos is more powerful and they must protect the Medallion of Power. Doctor Strange teleports Ghost RiderΓÇÖs group to his Sanctum Santorum.  They find out from some Lilin that MorbiusΓÇÖ team has a traitor.  The team following Morbius, which includes Louise Hastings, hide out in one of MorbiusΓÇÖ old labs. Louise Hastings finds out Morbius has been infected by Lilin blood, and Morbius secretly kills her. Morbius has been taken over by the Lilin Bloodthirst.  He then requests entry into Doctor StrangeΓÇÖs Sanctum Sanctorum. Unaware that Morbius has been possessed, Doctor Strange allows him to enter which allows other Lilin to follow. Doctor Strange convinces Morbius to fight the control of Bloodthirst.  Doctor Strange then casts a spell that causes the Sanctum Sanctorum to explode.  The Spirits of Vengeance then confront Lilith and Zarathos in Cypress Hills Cemetery and use the Medallion of Power to send Lilith and the Lilin back to Shadowside.  The Medallion of Power disappears.

The Ghost Rider eventually returns, but it seems Marvel never intended to reveal whether or not the Rider had accepted the brand.  The brand appears and causes pain to the bearer of the brand whenever there is great danger to the world, and the brand would continue to cause pain until the bearers of the brand answered the summons.  With the disappearance of Noble Kale (Ghost Rider,) as well as Michael Badilino (Vengeance,) it seemed the idea was dropped entirely and no other mentioning of the Midnight Sons has been made.  Most of the members of the team have since faded back into obscurity.

Originally consisting of The Nine, (and once referred to as The Circle of Nine) mystical characters necessary to maintain the magical borders between realms, the team stopped Lilith and became what was to be the Marvel Universe's primary line of defense against magical and mystical threats.  Lilith is still at large, though she has only been seen once (in Witches), since the apparent demise of Zarathos.  At one point, she claimed to be pregnant with a child of Zarathos himself, but her single subsequent appearance showed no signs of this pregnancy.  However, even when claiming to be pregnant with Zarathos' child, she did not show signs of the pregnancy.  So she may still be pregnant, or may have already given birth.

This humble torrent is complete and contains the entirety of both story arcs.

Enjoy, and please seed.
