Description


Software name: vReveal Premium
Program Version: 3.2.0.13029
Latest version: 3.2.0.13029
Official site: MotionDSP
Language: MULTi / Russian
Treatment: Complete
Type of medicine: the replacement of files
System requirements:
Windows NT/2000/XP/Vista/7/8 (32 and 64 bit)
Description: vReveal - a program designed to improve the quality of non-professional video taken on mobile phones, digital cameras and other handheld devices. vReveal uses tools to stabilize, brighten and definition video. The program also increases the granularity of low resolution video and eliminates noise.
Additional Information:
Using Nvidia Cuda technology to realize the power of parallel computing on GPU, vReveal quickly eliminates jitter, darkness, noise and blurring in consumer video. The program can be cleaned from the noise, eliminate shaking, enlighten, enhance contrast, increase the intensity. There are function 2xResolution, which is designed to improve video resolution, but only if the original does not exceed 288 pixels vertically.
VReveal software product designed to relieve the stress from the eyes of amateur video, which can not always be viewed in the qualitative form. With vReveal can achieve good quality even on "bad" videos downloaded from network interference, or DVD with a pirate recording. The program does not require much experience and user skills. Video processing of poor quality vReveal happens automatically according to preliminary user settings, which suggests to introduce, by the way, the program itself.
vReveal - a patented technology to create high-definition video in the style of "CSI" (Crime Scene Investigation), taken from the applications that are used by law enforcement and intelligence agencies. Using technology NVIDIA ┬« CUDA Γäó to realize the power of parallel computing on GPU, vReveal quickly eliminates jitter, darkness, noise and blurring in consumer video.
Key features:
Import and enhance HD video (up to 1080p)
Stabilize, Brighten, Sharpen, and more with One Click Fix
Save to high-definition (HD)
Special effects: Black & White, Vivid Colors, Glow, and more
Remove grainy video noise with Clean
Import various popular video formats (MOV, MP4, AVI, MPG, MTS, WMV, 3GP, FLV, ASF, and more)
Manage and organize your videos in a gallery
Save to video formats including Windows Media (WMV), MJPEG AVI, Uncompressed AVI and MP4
Built-in YouTube and Facebook uploader
Create amazing panoramas
Edit your videos with easy to use start and end titles
Import videos directly from your memory card
Quickly find what's in your clips using vReveal's lightning fast scrubbing
Trim accurately with film strip
Organize your clips into convenient and easy to find events
The procedure for treatment:
Move files from folder to folder ENGiNE with the program.
