                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Are you ready for the next generation of online marijuana growing? Than get prepared for an all new cannabis farming experience! Brought to you by the creators of the top selling hit Weed Farmer.

PLEASE NOTE: As was done during the launch of Weed Farmer Classic, Weed Farmer Overgrown is first being released as an open beta. By offering a public beta this allows for finding bugs & exploits, testing of new game features and the collection of large amounts of data for making Overgrown the best game it can be at the time official launch. During open beta expect many software bugs, changes to how items, skills, plants and areas function in addition to possible, if necessary, progress & cash resets and/or rollbacks over the course of the open beta period. If you are looking for a stable and fully completed online marijuana growing game than, at this time, the first game in the series, Weed Farmer Classic is the game for you.

Weed Farmer Overgrown takes Virtual Marijuana Farming to a whole new level! Enjoy fresh challenges and advanced online features while benefiting from new real-time player interaction abilities.


WFOG is a LARGE GAME, and requires an external download file and over 170 MB on your SD Card.


What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 31, 2012)

    Fixed a large number of Force Close situations that were occurring on slower devices. We encourage EVERYONE to get this update as soon as possible for a smoother playing experience
    Version 0.9f
    Corrected Text in several places
    Fixed Navigation, eliminated screen ΓÇÿstackingΓÇÖ, and corrected several link destinations. Hopefully this will help with some phones memory.
    Corrected Quality System, prepared APK for drop system.
    MORE FIXES COMING SOON!!!!

Required Android O/S : 1.6+


                                   By bobiras2009	