Annie Cruz, trapped in a piledriver, made to squirt, in her own face and throat! | Annie Cruz | Matt Williams

October 15, 2012


MP4 only.


Sexually Broken welcomes back Annie fucking Cruz. This hot 
Asian is a bendy, squirting, deep throating, multi-orgasmic 
gift from from beyond, for all mankind to enjoy.

Bound in a brutal piledriver, with her pussy positioned 
directly above her face and her knees bend beside her head, 
Annie finds herself in a very compromising and humiliating 
position. Her ass and pussy are completely exposed, making her 
utterly helpless. Bent into such an extreme position, Annie 
can watch close up every depraved thing we do to her holes, 
she literally has the best seat in the house.

We start by warming up Annie's pussy with a flogger. Her pussy 
takes some good heavy hits as we prep her for the massive 
squirting that is about ensue. We switch to the cane and 
attack her feet. She suffers as the soles of her feet take 
some rough bastinado. With the endorphines now coursing though 
her body, we prep her for the massive orgasms she is about to 
endure. Baby oil coats her amazing ass and we start our sexual 
attack that will rock her very soul.

The first orgasm cums fast, and Annie squirts like a fountain. 
We direct most of the liquid into the funnel and down Annie's 
own throat. Every time we make Annie cum, she can't help 
having to swallow it. We make Annie cum about every 15 
seconds, she squirts massive amounts cum. How many time can we 
MAKE her cum, How much squirt runs into her own mouth. Annie 
is completely helpless, she can't stop her self from 
squirting, and we can seem to stop making her... 

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_15annie3/SexuallyBroken-Annie-Cruz-Matt-Williams-Annie-Cruz-trapped-in-a-pile-driver-made-to-squirt-in-her-own-face-and-throat.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

