Phoenix Tears - The Rick Simpson Story

If you've always wanted to learn the story of how this revolutionary movement started and the remarkable events surrounding it, this is your chance.

First Edition
Published July 2012

This book tells the story of Rick Simpson. Rick Simpson rediscovered the healing potency of hemp oil (from hemp buds, not the seeds, which is 'hemp seed oil'). Since then he started spreading the oil and the word. His documentary Run From the Cure reaching out to many people.
Now he has written a book about his life, his discoveries, conspiracies against hemp and health for humanity, the potency of the medicine (the oil, also called RSO, which stands for Rick Simpson Oil) and how to make it yourself.

--------------------

Last piece of the book:
"When treating a serious illness, only the best will do, so if
the oil you have does not measure up to the task at hand, I would get some more bud material and
produce it properly. With someone's life is hanging in the balance, this is no time to be playing
with low quality oil. If you were the one suffering, wouldn't you want the best medication possible?
So please try to provide the same for others.
More information about this medicine can be found in "Rick Simpson ΓÇô The Real Medicine,"
which will be published shortly after this book."

--------------------

The revenue from this book supports Rick's living expenses and helps further his mission to bring cannabis extract medicine to the world. 

If you support this cause, please buy the book.

There's also money needed to translate the book and to get it published in hard copy.

--------------------

I, the uploader, do not wish to take revenue away from Rick Simpson and the other people involved with phoenixtears. I would prefer to just supply a link to where you can buy the book. But since I know there are some people that want to see what they get before they pay, others just don't have the money at the moment or don't have a way to pay and others have other reasons not to be able to buy it, I'm uploading it here.
I think this message is too important to miss just because you cannot buy it for whatever reason. 
If you like it and support the work of Rick Simpson, spread the word, spread the book and spread the place where it can be bought. And buy it yourself, even when you've already read it. Rick has been helping dozens of people free of charge and this is a way in which you can contribute to his work.
So, buy the book.


Good health to everyone!