	
All of the MeggieSoft Games are two-player games.  The following table outlines each game's genre, specifics of the MeggieSoft Games implementation, and recommendations regarding what types of card players might find each game to be absorbing.  All documented rule variations are fully supported by the respective games..
Canasta 	The two-handed version of the popular melding game created in Uruguay around 1940, from where it spread rapidly throughout the Americas and the rest of the world.  Both the Classic Canasta and the Modern American Canasta rules, with variations, are fully supported. 	Recommended for all fans of Rummy-style games.  Easy to learn, and great fun to play.
		
Cribbage 	

The original two-handed version of Cribbage, which is reported to have been invented in the early 17th Century.   The Five, Six and Seven Card variants are each fully supported with common rule and scoring variations, including Cutthroat Cribbage ("Muggins").

		
Euchre 
Two games from the same family, both dating back to the 19th century.   Écarté originated in France, while Euchre became popular in the USA.  Écarté involves changing unwanted cards for fresh ones; Euchre players negotiate the trump suit. 	
		

		
Gin Rummy 
A classic game of laying down melded cards to "go out" first.  Gin differs from other forms of Rummy in that melds are only displayed when one player can go out. 	

Pinochle & Bezique 
Two games of winning tricks and melding specific card combinations. Two-handed Pinochle (or "Pinocle") is very similar to its ancestor, Bezique, and the full rules of each game are supported.  (The more common four-player Pinochle game evolved later in the United States, and six-player Bezique was reportedly Winston Churchill's favorite game.) 	

Piquet
A highly respected and skillful game dating back to 16th century France.  Piquet involves exchanging cards, bidding points and melds, and winning tricks. 	
		
Rummy 500
A game of collecting cards and scoring from melds with the goal of melding as much as possible before the other player empties their hand.  The flagship of the MeggieSoft Games, having been first released in 1994.