José de Sousa Saramago, (1922 – 2010) was a Portuguese novelist, communist, poet, playwright, journalist and recipient of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Literature. His works, some of which can be seen as allegories, commonly present subversive perspectives on historic events, emphasizing the human factor. 


mp3 64kbps English + epub + pdf


10 Audiobooks:

Baltasar & Blimunda (1987)- 2 files
A heretical priest during the time of the Spanish Inquisition is building a flying machine, with three people to help him: Domenico Scarlatti and a pair of lovers, Baltasar, a one-handed soldier, and Blimunda, the slender daughter of a witch. (text in epub file)
 
The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis (1991)- 2 files
The year is 1936, the city, Lisbon. Ricardo Reis, a middle-aged doctor and poet, has returned to his native country after sixteen years in Brazil. He spends hours walking the steep rain-filled streets. (text in epub file)

The Gospel According to Jesus Christ (1994)- 2 files
A deft psychological portrait of a savior who is at once the Son of God and a young man of this earth. (text in epub file)

The Stone Raft (1995)- 2 files
One day the Iberian Peninsula breaks off from the rest of the continent and drifts away into the Atlantic Ocean. (text in epub file)

The History of the Siege of Lisbon (1997)- 2 files
A proofreader alters a key word in an account of the 1147 siege of Lisbon—then under Moorish rule—by crusaders. This uncharacteristic decision will lead him into an affair of the heart that changes the course of European history.(text in epub file)

Blindness (1998)- 2 files
A city is struck by an epidemic of "white blindness." Only a doctors wife is spared, and she must guide seven strangers through the dangerous new circumstances.(text in epub file)

All the Names (2000)- 2 files
Senhor José, a low-level clerk in the Central Registry, chances upon the records of a young woman and becomes obsessed with the idea of finding her.(text in epub file)

Death with Interruptions (2008)- 1 file
Death sits in her chilly apartment, where she lives alone with her scythe and filing cabinets, and contemplates her experiment: what if people stopped dying? (text in epub file)

The Elephant's Journey (2010)- 1 file
Based on a true story, the tale of an elephant who walked from Lisbon to Vienna in 1551. (text in epub file)

Cain (2010)- 1 file
The story of some brother of some Abel. (text in pdf file)

(there are more novels at the epub file - the above are the audiobooks only)