Alcohol 120%, is a powerful Windows CD and DVD burning software that makes it easy to create backups of DVDs* and CDs. In addition, the program lets you store your most used CDs as images on your computer, so you can call them up at the click of a button. Now includes Pre-Mastering function and support for Blu-ray format. Alcohol brings new meaning to the word multimedia! It is without a doubt a leader in its class, bringing the ability to emulate and record CDs and DVDs together into one amazingly easy to use software program. Now includes Alcohol Xtra. A unique Pre-Mastering function. Using the latest technology the program is constantly being developed and improved to add new features, allowing it to maintain it's position as a leading software package.

Imagine being able to store your most used CDs as images on your computer and just call them up at the click of a button! Store your most used or important CDs as images on your computer and run them at 200x speed from up to 31 virtual CD or DVD drives. Alcohol is compatible with more than 99% of drives available. It supports the latest image file types including ΓÇö MDS, CCD, BIN, CUE, ISO, CDI, BWT, BWI, BWS, BWA and many more.

Home users make backup copies of their game CDs and movie DVDs*, allowing the kids to treat multimedia disks roughly, without destroying their value.

Librarians and school administrators use Alcohol 120% burning software to archive their institutions' collections of recordable media, protecting themselves against the daily wear and tear that damages discs.

Business users use Alcohol 120% burning software to make duplicate backup copies of software titles, ensuring that they will continue to have access to their licensed software, even if their physical CDs become damaged and unusable.
With Alcohol 120% burning software, you no longer have to worry about CDs or DVDs* getting lost, stolen, or damaged. Duplicate discs work just like the originals, and your entire collection can be archived safely.

OS: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7
Home Page: www.alcohol-software.com
Interface: Multilanguage 

