Max Payne 3-RELOADED

06/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Gameshield
4 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Shooter

The award-winning Max Payne franchise put players in the role of Max Payne, a
hard-boiled New York City detective with a penchant for violence, out to
avenge the death of his family. The latest installment delivers more of the
classic elements and hyper-intense action that fans have come to love, while
moving the story of Max in a new direction.

Since leaving the NYPD and New York itself behind, Max has drifted from bad
to worse. Double-crossed and a long way from home, Max is now trapped in a
city full of violence and bloodshed, using his weapons and instincts in a
desperate search for the truth and a way out.

2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game. When it tries to get updates after install, abort.
Then install the required game updates found in the CrackUpdates dir on
DVD4 (Launcher, Social Club, MP3 main game).
4. Copy over the "profiles" dir, also found in the Crack dir on DVD4 to
your DocumentsRockstar GamesSocial Club dir.
(/USERPROFILE/DocumentsRockstar GamesSocial Club).
5. Copy over the cracked content, ie. the rest of the files, from the Crack
dir on DVD4 to your installation dir.
6. Play the game offline. Make sure that all the games exe files are blocked
from going online by using your system or third party firewall to prevent
outgoing connections on every game exe file. Do this before starting the
game. Going online and using your own profile might be possible, but it
is at your own risk.
7. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
8. Enjoy Max Payne 3-RELOADED

Minimum System Requirements of Max Payne 3
OS: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.4 Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 5200+
Memory: 2 Gb
Hard Drive: 35 Gb free
Video Memory: 512 Mb
Video Card: nVidia GeForce 8600 / ATI Radeon HD 3450
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
DirectX: 9.0c
Keyboard
Mouse
DVD Rom Drive	