Be careful! This Game is addictive! You won´t find more challenges, more speed, more fun and more treasures anywhere in the known Universe!

3SwitcheD combines classical Gameplay with fascinating new technologies. Find yourself in a new World arcade gaming. The brand-new 3D- and 3D-ET-Technology lifts the whole Game really in a new Dimension. Using the 3D-ET-technology 3SwitcheD not only gives you fantastic real 3D looks, it works 3D. Using any connected camera the game will scan your face and you will be able to turn the view only by looking in the direction you want it to! This brand new Technology will give you a Gaming experience never imagined!

For all Players not using this feature the Game still provides fantastic looks and a bunch of challenges! A bunch of challenges is waiting for you, are you ready?

Choose one of six varied Game-Modes and score new astonishing Highscores or beat your old ones. You want a challenging logical Game no problem! Strategy and Coolness are the way to victory in the “Clearing Cluster”-mode. Or are you looking for a fast rush of pure adrenalin? Just go and pick the “Snazzy Swap”! Let´s see how far you can make it. Only the fastest can push themselves through the limits of their scores. A truly new dimension waits for you in the “Gravity Switch”. Look for the pairs but also manage the magnitude of the field to re-order the gems and maybe find new ways to victory.

If you think you are the best treasure hunter in this Dimension than let the World know. Upload your Highscores and compare yourself with the community. Are you the best? Keep it up there is always someone out there who is coming after you.

The multiple puzzles guarantee timeless entertainment and fun far beyond the known world.

One Game many Challenges and all in thrilling 3D! Don´t miss it! 3SwitcheD

Key Features:
- Unique 3D-ET™ Technology to control the perspective
- 3D playing-field and fantastic animations
- Six totally different Game-Modes with exclusive challenges
- Global community challenge with own Highscore Database
- Two exclusively written Soundtrack
- 12 different languages

System Requirements

Minimum:
OS:Mac Snow Leopard
Processor:Intel Mac 2.0 GHz or better
Memory:512 MB RAM
Graphics:Per Pixel Shader 2.0 128 MB Ram
Hard Drive:300 MB HD space

Recommended:
OS:Mac Snow Leopard
Processor:Intel Mac 2.0 GHz or better
Memory:512 MB RAM
Hard Drive:300 MB HD space