ReFX Nexus v2.2 VSTi RTAS DVDR WiN 3.2 GB




NEXUS2 is a next generation ROM synthesizer of the highest quality that can turn your musical dreams into a stunning reality. Forget about stereotypical, boring, stale, old sounding ROM synths and embrace the power of NEXUS2 to evolve your productions to a new level of greatness. You can find here a lot of expansions and presets for NEXUS.

NEXUS2 explores new sonic territory delivering complex, ultra-fat, contemporary soundstorms that sound as good as the most expensive and best hardware available today. A powerful and flexible architecture is the foundation that supports the immediately useful and spontaneously engaging design of the instrument. Every aspect of NEXUS2 was built to produce music of the highest quality, quickly, with the least amount of fuss.

NEXUS2 features a world-class 32 step arpegiator with note-transposition, an agile and simple 32 step trance gate, industry leading reverb licensed from Arts Acoustic, and a sophisticated modulation-matrix that will help you sculpt the sound.


The Arpeggiator

You know it, and so do we: Dance music would not exist without those magical arpeggios that bounce around in your head weeks after you heard “that track” at the club. So we didn’t skimp on NEXUS 2’s redesigned Arpeggiator. A 32-step sequencer, note and octave transposition, and adjustable loop start position are just a few of the controls you’ll want to go deep with as you build up your tracks. Apply some of the dedicated Arpeggiator presets to NEXUS 2 sounds to create a raging, punishing barrage of sound, or an uplifting, magnetic melody. If you hear it in your head, NEXUS 2’s Arpeggiator can do it.


The TranceGate

Add hypnotic, goosebump-inducing rhythmic effects to your sound with NEXUS 2’s redesigned TranceGate. Work with the intuitive, freely adjustable 32-step sequencer to nail the exact rhythm you hear in your head. Use the tempo-synced delay and fade-in controls to add spaced-out delays and subtle, gradual floods of sound. Change the loop start position, and pan gated sounds between right and left channels to create an enveloping stereo image. Or turn to the store of dedicated TranceGate presets, which allow you to convert any NEXUS 2 sound into a pulsating wave of sonic bliss.


The Mixer/FX

As with all other parts of NEXUS 2, we’ve made the fusion of power and simplicity the basis of the Mixer/FX section. You want an intuitive, flexible, and above all, premium-grade set of tools when it’s time to add finishing touches to your NEXUS 2 sounds. Dedicated FX presets help you add gloss and sheen in just the right places. A reverb and analog phaser from Arts Acoustic, a stereo enhancer, and two FX slots are just three ways we’ve sweetened the deal in the NEXUS 2’s Mixer/FX section.


The Modulation

NEXUS 2 provides nearly endless modulation possibilities; whether you want to use "traditional" LFO pitch modulation or go completely out there and tweak phaser feedback, for example. Let your imagination run wild: Just choose your source and your destination and let NEXUS 2 make it happen.


PC minimum system requirements

    VST or RTAS host software
    Pentium class 1.5 GHz processor with SSE2 support*
    2GB of RAM (4GB or more highly recommended)
    Display with 1024-by-768 or higher resolution
    Windows XP SP3, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8
    DVD drive for installation

Available disk space

    4GB to install the plugin and factory content
    Approx. 1GB per installed expansion
    Approx. 40GB to install all expansions

Compatible host software

    Ableton Live
    Logic 6 or later
    Garageband 4 or later
    Sonar 6 or later
    Reaper 2 or later
    Pro Tools 7.3 or later
    FL Studio 3.1 or later
    Tracktion
    Digital Performer 4.1 or later
    Renoise 2 or later
    ACID Pro 6 or later
    Cubase SX1 or later
    Nuendo 1.0 or later
    Orion 5 or later
    NI Maschine 1.6 or later
    Studio One



INSTALLATION


• You need WinRar or other extractor of your choice to extract or you can burn or mount the ISO file

• Install Nexus 2 Setup.exe

• Copy "Nexus Content" folder to the location of your choice (normally same folder as Nexus.dll)

• Load plugin and it will auto-scan your harddisk(s) for the content folder


*IMPORTANT Note: 

Our release allows the importing of every Nexus v1.x expansion or skin through
the Nexus2 interface. If you use expansions released by other groups we strongly
suggest you import the large .nxp file again. Specifically if you have installed
the fxp fix-up executable that was included with some expansion releases. 

Our release doesn't need patched presets because it performs all fxp decryption 
correctly using the proper method :)

*** If you want to be absolutely sure you should install Nexus2 clean then import each expansion and skin available ***

• delete your existing Nexus1 content folder
• uninstall Nexus1
• install Nexus2
• install all expansions and skins



        •  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!