Greeting Card Builder

Greeting Card Builder - very easy to use software to create stunning greeting cards for birthdays, anniversaries, Thanksgiving, Christmas, Easter, New Year, Valentine's Day and other holidays. Greeting Card Builder is an extremely easy-to-use digital greeting card software which was specifically designed to create stunning photo greeting card for Birthdays, Anniversaries, Thanksgiving, Christmas, Easter, New Year, Valentine's Day, or any occasion. 

It helps you easily create cool greeting cards with your own photos, clip art, frames, masks, and backgrounds, and email or print them right away on your printer. With Greeting Card Builder, you can build a greeting card in seconds or spend more time creating keepsakes that your family and friends will treasure for years to come.No more stale holiday cards made of cardstock only-your greeting cards can be made with heart. 

How does Greeting Card Builder works - Make Cards in just 3 steps?

Step 1: Select a suitable template from themed templates or predesigned layout.
Step 2: Add photos, clip-arts, text into template and made adjustment as need.
Step 3: Save as picture, project, or just print out.

No Experience Or Computer Skills Necessary!
WYSIWYG EditorAllows you to see your greeting card changes immediately, without saving and reopening the file.
Variety of Card ResourcesA wide variety of preΓÇômade templates and a huge selection of frames, masks, greetings and clipart.
Edit Greeting CardsCome equipped with editing tools to arrange layout, resize, rotate, crop images, drop shadow, apply mask effect, apply frame to photos, etc.
Share Greeting CardShare your greeting cards files through any medium, including desktop wallpaper, printed copies, email and more.
Variable ParametersPhoto count, photo space, photo frame, shadow, page margin, page size and background setup.

Features

-Easy to use - you do not need any additional knowledge and skills! 
-Editor WYSIWYG - you can see all the changes in the card immediately. You do not need to save and open the file again and again. 
-A variety of elements - the huge number of templates, borders, clip art and congratulations for your postcards! 
-Ability to edit - The program includes tools for editing cards: the change of the elements and changing the size, the ability to crop images, apply effects, shadows, frames for pictures, etc. 
-The ability to share the cards - you can set the card as wallpaper, send it by e-mail, put on the Internet, print.

System Requirement:

Operating Systems Supported: Microsoft Windows 8/7/Vista/2000/XP
CPU: Intel Pentium IV 1.0GHz, AMD Athlon XP (equivalent) or higher recommended
Memory: 256 MB (512 MB or higher recommended)
Hard Disk: 150 MB (200 MB or higher recommended)

Homepage: http://www.pearlmountainsoft.com/greeting-card-builder/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register with given key.
- Done, Enjoy. 