We uploaded this album ourselves so please don´t feel bad for downloading it. If you´re interested in more material or want to support us you purchase the album and our previous albums here: http://www.gogoyoko.com/album/Celestine1 

You can also email us: celestinemusic@hotmail.com

Reviews:

  A great record has certain qualities that can’t be captured in any intentional manner because, above all else, a great record must feel organic, as though each note was determined in a split second, every strike of the drum made in the moment. Of course, this is never the case, but, somehow, certain bands are able to create the aura and Celestine has done such. Upon first listens, the record is a cacophony, noise coming in every which direction, a bombardment. The interchanging vocal stylings are perfect in their delivery and timing. The album’s brilliance exudes in every way; Celestine is confident, smart and fun.

But, after several listens, you begin to see certain things, certain flairs of originality that are unmatched in recent memory, elevating this record into an area unachieved by many bands, even at their height. Things like the two tom strikes at 1:15 of “Industrial Minds” middle breakdown, or the immediate interruption of said breakdown by air siren like guitar work, which is delightfully jarring at first and, upon later listens makes the song a standout amongst this year’s music. There’s the fluid bass work on “Bitterman” that both challenges ideas of hardcore while elevating it to a whole new sphere of what the genre can achieve aesthetically.

After a while, you’ll soon realize that you cannot begin this record without finishing it, another characteristic often associated with great records. As a matter of fact, though this record’s been spinning on repeat for over a month now in the Morrison household, this review has been on and off simply because, once the final seconds of “Symptoms of the Soul” come about, I’m completely distracted and can no longer make myself sit long enough to write anything. I’m completely consumed in the record’s world once “Feeding the Hole” takes place and then I find myself waiting. Waiting for my next favourite moment, waiting for the absurdly brilliant synchronicity achieved between the drums and guitars on “God As a Bastard,” my favourite track whose last thirty seconds are most likely going down as one of my favourite moments in music this year. Or, waiting for the final moments of “Blood Stays on the Blade” which soar to heights rarely seen.

There’s no doubt in my mind that if this record were to fall into the hands of the proper authority, that it would become a defining moment for Icelandic music as a whole and a watershed moment for the Icelandic metal/hardcore scene. It’s been 3 years since I’ve been affected this deeply by a record and I can say with complete honesty that there’s not a single flaw within the album’s 11 tracks. Every moment is beautifully orchestrated and essential, creating an overarching theme and cohesive tone. And though I’ve mentioned how the record has elements of greatness, it also achieves something even more significant; it has come to define a period of my life. But that’s not because I wanted it to. It doesn’t represent anything specific for me. Instead, Celestine has made a record that forces itself into that position and I more than welcomed it.

An instant classic. [Self released]
- Dru Morrison


Short Biography:

Icelandic sludge, metalcore band. 
The band’s first EP, called At the borders of Arcadia, was described in this way by Icelandic magazine The Grapevine: “From the opening song, Despair And, Celestine evokes a chilling grind built on heavy guitar sound, guttural vocals from one of the most promising throats in the business, and a gradual devolution of structure that parlays the required despair.”

The band’s second album, This Home Will Be Our Grave, was recently released in Iceland and two members of Celestine co-founded a record label in Iceland in 2008 called Molestin Records along with members from Icelandic death metal band Momentum.

We have just released our third record.