(s)crap(s)
Recently, a man walked up to me, and said, “Hey Lash!” I was surprised that I was recognized so easily, and asked the man if he was a fan. He avoided the question, and told me he’d give me $20 if I let him shit all over my chest. As a starving musician, the chance for a meal and $20 was just too much to pass up, so I accepted.
The man handed me the money, and told me to follow him home. I know, I should have just run off with the money right there. I guess I’m just too nice. The man walked into his house, and I was surprised to see a child, looking about the age of four, sitting on the couch, listening to gangster rap and watching hardcore gay pornography on a bigscreen TV. “Daddy!” The boy yelled, as he jumped up to hug the man. He noticed me, and stopped. “Is this the poopy man?” “Yes, boy, this is the poopy man.” The boy look thrilled. “Can I watch?” He asked, grinning, revealing his missing teeth. “Of course you can, son.” Said the man. The boy looked overjoyed.
At this point, I started getting a little concerned, but hey, it wasn’t my problem. The man took me to his room, and asked me to lie down on the bed. I did so. The boy sat on a chair and watched, excitedly. The man took off my shirt, which felt pretty good, I must admit. He then took off his pants, which, of course, I looked away from, while his son watched, enthralled. The man kneeled over my chest as he shat on me. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed something in his closet. “What is that?” I asked the man. “Oh, nothing, don’t worry about it.” The man said, straining to get his money’s worth. The boy, however, seemed concerned. “Daddy?” He asked, “did the poopy man find mommy?”
Now I was more than a little concerned, and asked to be excused from the proceedings. “Oh no you don’t!” the man said, as he reached under his bed to grab a shotgun. Terrified, I threw the man off me and ran out of the room. The man shot at me as I passed by, but accidentally shot his child in the leg. More concerned with his child than with me, the man let me go. I emerged from the house, shirtless and covered in human feces, as police showed up to identify the shots. They arrested me. Dicks.
A few hours later, I was back at home, exhausted. I took a shower, and made these songs. Hopefully this EP makes you feel like you have poop on your chest, too.
Love,
Lash.
