   UbikReader Pro is the new way to organize your documents. Multitask while you read, annotate, write notes and share your documents with ease. No more worrying about how to manage your large, cluttered library of documents. UbikReader┬┤s versatile system allows you to accomplish this and more.


With this revolutionary application you have the ability to perform all the activities surrounding the interactions of a document. UbikReader grants users the ability to add, create and edit document Metadata such as titles, authors, published dates and more.

UbikReader is an essential addition to any students or researchers tools or any persons wishing to have a flexible, user friendly way to organize their documents. 

Read and work on the go UbikReader for iPhone and iPad even allows you to print your documents.

Organize: You can organize your library of documents by easily creating Collections or Smart Collections. Apply flags, labels, rate and classify your documents then allocate them using preset types and subtype categories. 


Import: Importing your documents have never been easier! You have several options to make uploading them quick and easy by using the Drag & Drop feature to import multiple documents or an entire folder.


Annotations: Take annotating to a new level! Highlight, circle, underline or strikethrough texts. Read and write notes directly onto the document


Search: Search within the content of your document or find them by searching words, authors or titles you have associated to them.

Read: You can enjoy reading your documents in full screen mode. You can change the layout of your documents to your preference using one or two columns and the continuous or page by page mode.

Quick Access: Find a document never was so easy, you can take advance of all the features that we provide to organize your documents to find exactly when you want, without wasting your time.


Hey Guys! 
My sixth torrent! WHOO!
Included in this is UbikReader Pro 1.0.0 Pre-K'ed
Simply Run and Enjoy
If you like what I do rate the torrent up and leave a comment
Please Report Bugs!
Will only be seeding for 24 hours so it's up to you guys to keep this little guy alive!

Sincerely,

AppRipper -Happy Hacking!