Screenshots
 
http://imagetwitch.com/exploitedcollegegirls-lynn/



Size: 685853945 bytes (654.08 MiB), duration: 00:47:53, avg.bitrate: 1910 kb/s
Audio: wmav2, 44100 Hz, stereo, 96 kb/s
Video: wmv3, yuv420p, 640x360, 1800 kb/s, 29.97 fps


School: Rio Hondo Community College
Year: Freshman
Age: 19
Height: 5-3"
Figure: 32-28-32
EyeColor: Black
Favorite Sexual Position: Doggy
Hobbies: Dancing
ABOUT

Oh, how looks can be deceiving! Lynn looks well put-together, even classy, but this 19 year old student from Rio Hondo Community College is on the same whore level as the rest of 'em. After I pick her up at the airport and make her show me her tits in the car you can tell she thinks she's too good for any real work and should get everything in life for free because she's so goddamn pretty. I won't have none of that. She can pretend to be from the upper social crust all day long - but privileged daughters don't attend a community college nobody's ever heard of, and they certainly don't get a trashy looking tattoo on their feet at that age, or grunt "huh!?" every time they are asked a question. And they have their damn teeth fixed because hair and makeup can cover mediocrity only so much.

To her credit though Lynn had a good attitude in the beginning of it all. But when she realized I wasn't going to go easy on her like the rest of the world her constant giggles turned into stunned silence and you can tell when the reality sunk in that she'd actually be sucking and fucking a total stranger by her facial expressions. I admit though, she is super hot when she looks up at you, cock in mouth and all. And she seems to really dig sucking guys off, or at least the two she claims she's been with in her life. (Yeah, right!)
What Lynn likes best though is attention. She keeps adjusting her hair and positions to look as demure and pornstar-ish as possible as she constantly looks in every camera aimed at her. "Look at me how hot I am! I'm a star!" she seems to think.
Hot yes, but also full of herself, and at this point of her life not much more than a shallow little slut who couldn't live a day without attention, or texting her girlfriends about how cool her life is. She admits to me in the car that she takes pictures of herself all the time (Myspace-type ego shots, anyone?) and I believe her.
After nailing Lynn every which way possible I finish off by shooting my load in her mouth, nose, and her hair with such a force that little cum bubbles form and she can't open her eyes or even talk, so she keeps feverishly pointing at her face to have me wipe it off for her - which I don't but rather just hand her a dirty towel so she can do that herself. Clearly, porn work isn't for her and she couldn't wait to get the hell out of there and back home. Despite all this I wouldn't be surprised to see Lynn end up sucking and fucking more cocks for the camera in the future - the easy money's just too tempting, isn't it, Lynn?