Part 1:
You'll get to see exactly what she does behind-the-scenes to grab front-page......
Case Study Text:

Google rankings.
Choosing a market of buyers.
Choosing a profitable affiliate product.
Selecting buyer keyword phrases.
Setting up your Wordpress blog.
Optimizing your Wordpress blog for top Google Rankings.
Top plugins to install.
Building an optimized internal link structure.
Building backlinks.

And of course, the fun part will be watching the rankings and revenue roll in.

In addition to the webinar replay below, She also created a Cheat Sheet for you that will give you an easy quick reference sheet for finding hot markets of buyers along with the best buyer keyword phrases.

Part 2:
This time she'll be showing you Step-By-Step how to turn your Wordpress blog into a Google ranking machine.

Part 3:
In this webinar she'll be showing you the 10 Critical Keys to On-Page SEO Success. Little tweaks that can make a HUGE difference on your Google rankings.

Part 4:
In Part 4 of our LIVE SEO Case Study she reveals the secret sauce for #1 Google rankings....link building!

She gives you a step-by-step system for dominating the front-page of Google.

* Find out WHERE your links should be placed for MAXIMUM link juice.
* How to Spy on Your Competition with Deadly Effectiveness.
* Multiply the power of your backlinks by a factor of 10.
* How to make sure ALL of your backlinks are counted by Google.
* How to Instantly increase the link power of any page on your website.

Part 5:
In this call she's going to show exactly how to send massive link
juice to your website using profile links, press releases, social
bookmarking, Unique Article Wizard, and more...

If you've ever wanted a simple step-by-step formula for
dominating the front-page of Google, then you definitely
need to get on this call.

Part 6:
In Part 6 of our LIVE SEO Case Study she discuss one of my favorite strategies for getting hundreds of high-quality backlinks.

In this call she shows you over-the-shoulder exactly how to spin 1 article into hundreds of articles. Next you'll get to watch as she submit our newly spun article to Unique Article Wizard for hundreds of high-quality backlinks

PDF:
Keyword Research Cheat Sheet