                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


The ultimate profile manager! Define smart profiles that are activated manually or automatically based on time, schedule and meetings, connection state and even location!
Each profile can completely control your phoneΓÇÖs volume/vibrate, ringtones, notifications, WIFI, Bluetooth, 3G data, GPS, Wallpaper and more. You can even launch applications when a profile is activated!

With PhoneWeaver, your phone adopts to your lifestyle the way a smart phone should!

The home screen widget offers instant control of PhoneWeaver and your phone profiles. Switch profiles with a single tap, setup event triggers and make your phone adapt to your needs, quickly.

PhoneWeaver is a complete and advanced profiler that can fully automatize your phone tasks and help you ensuring you won't ever miss a cal because you have forgotten to remove the mute mode, launching your GPS navigation program as soon as you dock the device in your car, saving battey by adapting mobile data, WIFI, Bluetooth, brightness, etc. to your specific need for each situation without you even need to select anything!

With the optional module CallWeaver, you can also block undesired calls or SMS while at certain sites, or time... ensuring you will still seceive those calls important for you.

FEATURES LIST:

PROFILE TRIGGERS
Events that cause a profile to became active:

Manual / Time. For manual or timed selection. Can optionally have launch times and / or a defined duration after witch it expires.
Default Time. Up to four different hours to start and what days of week shold work can be defined per profile.
Location. Automatically trigger the profile when the device is near a certain geographic point and exit profile when exiting.
Agenda. The profile can trigger on specific calendar appintments. Many filters are available.
Connections. Profiles can be automatically triggered when the device connections change, inluding wifi, power, bt, etc.

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 4,  2012)

    Support for NFC tags switching with PhW NFC plugin.
    New shorcut option forhome screen for launching specific profiles
    JB vibration control fixed
    Text on dark theme fixed
    Added edit profiles to the menu of Android 3.0+ devices
    Fixed an issue with leaving the app without exiting edit profiles screen.
    Fixed an issue on Android 4.0+ when ringtype was silent and the new profile had ring type as no change causing ringtype to be changed to vibrate

Required Android O/S : 2.0+


                                   By bobiras2009	