The New York Times described Jeffrey Siger's novels as “thoughtful police procedurals set in picturesque but not untroubled Greek locales,” the Greek Press said his work is “prophetic,” Eurocrime called him a “very gifted American author...on a par with other American authors such as Joseph Wambaugh or Ed McBain,” and the City of San Francisco awarded him its Certificate of Honor citing that his “acclaimed books have not only explored modern Greek society and its ancient roots but have inspired political change in Greece.” The New York Journal of Books wrote that “Siger is one of those rare writers whose finger is always on the pulse of modern day upheavals. He is never afraid to tackle and expose uncomfortable subjects—subjects most writers avoid…a master story teller.”

Jeffrey Siger was born and raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He practiced law at a major Wall Street law firm and while there served as Special Counsel to the citizens group responsible for reporting on New York City's prison conditions. He left Wall Street to establish his own New York City law firm and continued as one of its name partners until giving it all up to write full-time among the people, life, and politics of his beloved Mykonos, his adopted home of thirty years. When not in Greece, he enjoys his other home, a farm outside New York City.

“TARGET TINOS,” the fourth novel in his fast paced Chief Inspector Andreas Kaldis series, was called “superb…a winner” by Publishers Weekly in a starred review. “MURDER IN MYKONOS,” the first in the series, was Greece's #1 best selling English-language novel, a best seller in several U.S. markets, and picked by some reviewers as among the “best of 2009.” His second novel in the series, “ASSASSINS OF ATHENS,” instantly became a top ten best seller in Greece, received critical acclaim as “international police procedural writing at its best” (Booklist, starred review), and gained best seller status in several U.S markets. “PREY ON PATMOS: An Aegean Prophecy” was the third of his books to “immerse readers in a fascinating culture” (Kirkus Reviews) that “proves that Greece is fertile new ground for the mystery genre” (Library Journal). His work is published in the US (Poisoned Pen Press), Greece (Aikaterini Lalaouni Editions), Germany (Goldmann Publishing/Random House), and U.K. and Commonwealth countries (Piatkus Books/Little Brown).

Andreas Kaldis Series:
1. Murder in Mykonos
2. Assassins of Athens
3. An Aegean Prophecy
4. Target: Tinos

All are US iBook ePubs converted to ePub, Mobi, and AZW3. Yes, I converted an ePub into ePub so that if added to Calibre all the metadata would be attached without having to do it yourself. Though the description has Prey on Patmos: An Aegean Prophecy as the 3rd book in the Series, Prey on Patmos was dropped in favor of just An Aegean Prophecy for US Release. I've read Murder in Mykonos and it is an AMAZING story. The rich, detailed descriptions of Greece and the outlying islands claimed by them give you a vivid picture to plant as you read.

Any questions and/or comments are appreciated.