This is a Release of J. Edgar (2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 tp Mp4 at 1.39GB.
This Release includes:
- J. Edgar (2011) DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3 GB
-Special Features
	-J. Edgar A Complicated Man

ThatΓÇÖs the WHOLD J. Edgar DVD Ripped for you to ENJOY including the SPECIAL FEATURE documentary by Clint Eastwood. Enjoy and PLEASE SEED! CHEERSΓÇªvladtepes3176

PLOT: J. Edgar is a 2011 American biographical drama film directed by Clint Eastwood,[4] written by Dustin Lance Black. The film focuses on the career of FBI director J. Edgar Hoover from the Palmer Raids onwards, including an examination of his private life as an allegedcloseted homosexual. The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio as the title character, Armie Hammer, Naomi Watts,Josh Lucas, Judi Dench and Ed Westwick.

CAST: 
Leonardo DiCaprio as J. Edgar Hoover
Armie Hammer as Clyde Tolson
Naomi Watts as Helen Gandy
Josh Lucas as Charles Lindbergh

DETAILS:
English
Run Time: 131 Minutes
IMDB: tt1616195

Product Description: During his lifetime, J. Edgar Hoover would rise to be the most powerful man in America. As head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for nearly 50 years, he would stop at nothing to protect his country. Through eight presidents and three wars, Hoover waged battle against threats both real and perceived, often bending the rules to keep his countrymen safe. His methods were at once ruthless and heroic, with the admiration of the world his most coveted, if ever elusive, prize.
Hoover was a man who placed great value on secrets-particularly those of others--and was not afraid to use that information to exert authority over the leading figures in the nation. Understanding that knowledge is power and fear poses opportunity, he used both to gain unprecedented influence and to build a reputation that was both formidable and untouchable. He was as guarded in his private life as he was in his public one, allowing only a small and protective inner circle into his confidence. His closest colleague, Clyde Tolson, was also his constant companion. His secretary, Helen Gandy, who was perhaps most privy to Hoover's designs, remained loyal to the end...and beyond. Only Hoover's mother, who served as his inspiration and his conscience, would leave him, her passing truly crushing to the son who forever sought her love and approval.
As seen through the eyes of Hoover himself, J. Edgar explores the personal and public life and relationships of a man who could distort the truth as easily as he upheld it during a life devoted to his own idea of justice, often swayed by the darker side of power.
Please SEED! CheersΓÇªvladtepes3176
