nERv

Max Payne 3 Update v1.0.0.81 (c) Rockstar Games

12/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Gameshield
- :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Shooter

* The Kill screen now shows what weapon and burst the enemy used to kill you
* Fixed an issue where players would occasionally get stuck in cover
* Fixed an issue where players would occasionally appear invisible
* Fixed an issue where game modes could appear to be over 100% full
* Fixed an issue where occasionally a Loadout slot could overwrite another
Loadout slot at the start of a round of Gang Wars
* Fixed an issue where a party would have trouble loading into a new game
after a party member had left

The award-winning Max Payne franchise put players in the role of Max Payne, a
hard-boiled New York City detective with a penchant for violence, out to
avenge the death of his family. The latest installment delivers more of the
classic elements and hyper-intense action that fans have come to love, while
moving the story of Max in a new direction.

Since leaving the NYPD and New York itself behind, Max has drifted from bad
to worse. Double-crossed and a long way from home, Max is now trapped in a
city full of violence and bloodshed, using his weapons and instincts in a
desperate search for the truth and a way out.

1. Install the updates.
2. If you havn't already, copy over the "profiles" dir, found in the Crack
dir to your DocumentsRockstar GamesSocial Club dir.
(%USERPROFILE% DocumentsRockstar Games Social Club).
3. Copy over the cracked content, ie. the rest of the files, from the Crack
dir to your installation dir.
4. Play the game offline. Make sure that all the games exe files are blocked
from going online by using your system or third party firewall to prevent
outgoing connections on every game exe file. Do this before starting the
game. Going online and using your own profile might be possible, but it
is at your own risk.
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!