                                  By bobiras2009		


Enjoy a completely different take on how you interact with your alarm. You'll quickly fall in love with the wave to snooze, voice response and your morning scoop that brings you your calendar and your news in an easy to read style.

Features:

    Wave to Snooze* and Intelligent Dismiss - Pressing a button to snooze? Old school. With us, you just wave your hand over the phone to snooze. Oh, and to dismiss? Wayk will figure it out on it's own. It is a smart phone afterall.
    The Clock - Setting your alarm just got 100x faster and more intuitive with this completely redesigned clock. Every alarm time is only 2 taps away.
    Google Calendar - We went ahead and added the ability to sync with your Google Calendar, so you can wake up feeling prepared.
    The Scoop - Choose from feeds such as Engadget, Fast Company and more, so that youΓÇÖre always in the know on what you need to be.
    The Senti Interface - We focus on high quality minimalist design, so that everything is both beautiful and easy to use.

New Features:

    Migrating to Wayk - We didn't feel that Senti Alarm really captured the essence of our app. We're slowly migrating into making the app called Wayk. Our graphics designers are at work making a better app icon and logo. What do you think of the name?
    Better Dismiss Algorithm - We're trying to make the dismiss completely automatic. You're phone should be smart enough to know if you're awake or not. Let us know how the dismiss is working for you!
    Alarm Notification - We've added support for the alarm notification, though we still need to make it much prettier. Just enable the option in your settings.
    Alarm Labels - We've added the ability to name your alarms (by request). You can enable it in settings and label away!
    Celsius weather

We completely missed integrating this into the app. It's in now and completely automatic. Everybody gets Celsius except for users in the US.

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 20, 2012)

    Fixed voice not reading when location is turned off
    Tweaked wave sensitivity
    Added landscape mode to ringer
    Shows saved ringtone option

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                  By bobiras2009		