NO ADS!! These videos have been trimmed to remove all the intro and ending advertisements to decrease size and more importantly to avoid the annoyance 
I hate them personally, especially hearing "login to team beach body..." ever time I go to workout!)

Videos are in .mp4 format for compatibility with iPads and reduced in size compared to other torrents but with great resolution. Enjoy getting your new body! 

> AUDiO......[ MP3 48000Hz (2 chnls)
> LANGUAGE...[ English
> ViDEO......[ 899 kbps .mp4 30 FPS
> RESOLUTiON.[ 720 x 404
> SiZE.......[ 2.25 GB


INSANITY: THE ASYLUM®  will take you from average to elite in just 30 days! Your personal trainer Shaun T will push you to Dig Deeper® with extreme cross-training methods used by elite athletes. So forget the excuses. And forget the gym. Get a body that's lean, ripped, and built to perform.

Wish you could fly, slam, shoot, and move like an elite pro athlete? Let the games 
begin with INSANITY: THE ASYLUMâ„¢ workout program. Former track-and-field star 
Shaun T will push you to dig deeper than ever with the first in-home sports-specific 
training program based on drills used by pro athletes. Commit to this 30-day program, 
and you'll get an unbeatable athletic edge.

Get stronger, faster, and quicker in just 30 days. Unleash your inner world-class athlete 
through plyometrics, speed, agility, strength, and core workouts in a jaw-dropping series 
of progressions. In just 30 days, you'll push yourself to the next level of game-day 
readiness with dramatic, measurable improvements in your athletic performance.


What You Get:
----------------------
Speed & Agility: Get quick on your feet—fast, with this intense cardio workout. 
Workout Length: 45 minutes

Vertical Plyo: Jump higher than ever with this lower-body training routine. 
Workout Length: 40 minutes

Relief: Stretch out to build long, lean muscle and increase your flexibility. 
Workout Length: 25 minutes

Strength: Develop game-winning power by cross-training with weights and resistance. 
Workout Length: 50 minutes

Game Day: Put your new sports skills to the test with this cross-training workout. 
Workout Length: 60 minutes 

Back to Core: Build the rock-solid core, glutes, and hamstrings you'll need to get the explosive strength of elite athletes. 
Workout Length: 25 minutes

BONUS:
----------------------
-Overtime: Add this 15-minute monster to any ASYLUM workout to see if you've 
still got game.
-Calendars including hybrids with P90X or Insanity to realy put you to the test.
-Nutrition Guide
- Printable Charts to track your progress

What's Not Included:
----------------------
Agility ladder and speed rope... 

But, I created my own agility ladder on the floor where i workout with tape (20" width x 18" long quadrants x4). You can be creative and make your own too, otherwise they are available online/in-store for ~$27USD

Seed and Enjoy!