Information:
Year: 2011
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person
Developers: Kaos Studios and Digital Extremes
Publisher: THQ / Akella

Publication Type: Repak
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Tablet: Skidrow

System requirements:
√ Operating system: Windows XP (SP3) / Vista / Seven
√ Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo (1,8 GHz) or AMD Athlon X2 64 (2.4 GHz)
√ Memory: 1 GB (for XP) / 1,5 GB (for Vista / Seven)
√ Video: Radeon HD 2600 Pro / nVidia GeForce 7900 GS with 256 MB VRAM
√ Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
√ Free hard drive space: 13 GB

Description:
     Homefront - subject-oriented cinematic thriller, in which the script is important. In work on the storyline involved a famous Hollywood screenwriter John Milius ("Apocalypse Now", "Red Dawn") and former U.S. intelligence. The authors come up with realistic geopolitical scenario in which, by 2025 the U.S. economy will be completely destroyed the second wave of the crisis, and score political and military power of New Korea (formed through the merger of North and South Korea) will explode over the weakened U.S. nuclear warhead and occupies the west of the country. The American people, who lost the regular army, but not broken, will continue to fight the invaders, leading them against the hard-edged partisan warfare. Their main task - to raise an insurrection in San Francisco, which became the base of the occupying forces.

The protagonist of Homefront, a professional pilot - by chance becomes one of the rebels. And now he has to fire, water and copper pipes (ie a lot of run and shoot, fly helicopters and tanks, to organize sabotage and blow up enemy targets) and to approximate the hour of victory!
Features:
"Cinematic thriller with an unusual story - the Americans here are not brave warriors, valiantly supporting democracy in the wrong state, but the defenders of their own dilapidated country.
"Realistic environment and authentically conveys the atmosphere trapped in fighting the enemies of American cities.
"The futuristic weapons and equipment that have been created by the secret blueprints, the developers received from the Pentagon.
'Deadly drones - radio-controlled device the size of a toy, employees effective at killing enemies.
"Unique technology Drama Engine, which changes the game scenario depending on the player's actions - with her you will always be the epicenter of events.