Live Life Aggressively! What Self Help Gurus Should Be Telling You By Mike R Mahler
2011 | 262 Pages | ISBN: 0578084759 | PDF | 4 MB



Live Life Aggressively! What Self-Help Gurus Should Be Telling You is a much different take on the self-help genre. This book is a slap in the face! It will force the reader out of his or her comfort zone, and will move the reader to remember what he or she needs to know to move forward with purpose. It is about taking charge of your life, and striving for greatness, rather than accepting mediocrity, or a life of quiet desperation. This is what it means to live life aggressively! It means to live with strong purpose and resolve. This book covers areas that few have the courage to talk about, and that is the problem. It is the white elephant in the room that everyone wants to ignore. Instead of confronting this problem, most people waste time watching nonsense like reality television and texting all day long. Self-help books are so focused on making you feel good about yourself, that they fail to help you be honest with yourself. Without brutal honesty you will never move forward. Without a strong sense of purpose, and passion, you will never persevere through the inevitable plethora of hard times that are coming your way in life. People need to accept that they will suffer in order to lead a fulfilling life and that the suffering should be embraced rather than avoided. Embrace the suffering and avoid procrastination the true destroyer of hopes and dreams. This bookΓÇÖs focus is to induce real/lasting change and that comes as result of being aggressively honest with yourself, using pressure to your advantage, running toward risk rather than away from it and having a clear vision of what you want and what you are willing to sacrifice to get it. Some of the unique topics covered in this book include: the importance of hormone optimization for well-being and achieving goals, why the real battles in life are within, the necessity of negative thinking, what really makes people happy, and why people should avoid being attached to the results of actions. 50% of profit from book sales will be going to two fantastic organizations. Lifequest Transitions a great organization that helps wounded warriors and the Nevada SCPA an excellent organization that helps abandoned animals find new homes.