Major League Baseball 2K12 (c) 2K Sports


03/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE
PROTECTION .......: Securom
1 :.......... DISC(S)
GAME.TYPE ........: Sport


Release Notes:

The longest running Major League Baseball franchise returns to the virtual
diamond with MLB 2K12 from 2K Sports. Featuring advanced pitching & hitting
controls, detailed player tendencies & scouting reports, and immersive game
modes for any level of fan, MLB 2K12 is the only game you'll need this
season


Features:

MLB Today Season Mode - For the first time ever, play along with the
real-life MLB season AS IT UNFOLDS. Take charge of your favorite team and
see how you stack up against the rest of the league over the course of a
six month-long season

Dynamic Tendency System - Just as in real-life, opposing pitchers and
hitters will learn your tendencies from one at-bat to the next,
challenging you to mix up your approach on both sides of the plate as
each game unfolds

New Throw Meter - A revamped throwing system presents a classic risk vs
reward situation every time you make a play. Will you queue up throws
before fielding the ball to save time, or take a moment to set your feet
for better accuracy

Improved My Player Mode - Want to be the next All-Star slugger or ace
starter? All-new player types let you decide your path to the Majors
Goals, expectations, ratings and progression are all customized by
position and player type

Soundtrack - Tracks handpicked by SPIN magazine, featuring Cool Kids,
Skrillex, The Joy Formidable, Grouplove, My Morning Jacket and more



Install Notes:

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game
4. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack dir on the disc to your
install dir
5. Play the game
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT


System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP, Vista or Windows 7
CPU: Pentium 4 2.4 Ghz Single Core processor or equivalent (2.8 Ghz for Vista)
RAM: 512 MB or more (1 GB for Vista)
HDD: 8.5 GB free disk space
Graphics: 256 MB Graphics Memory
Sound Card: DirectX 9 Compatible
DirectX: Version 9		