Follow my uploads here:            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.2 and up
Overview: The generalissimo is back, causing more mayhem than ever!

A tap and swipe turn-based strategy game with a huge sense of humor, featuring funny cartoon military units set in a stunning fictional world.
“Great Big War Game” is the much anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed “Great Little War Game”. (See what we did there?)
With a greatly expanded single player campaign, brand new online multiplayer and a whole raft of other cool new stuff, there's plenty to please that 2.5 million strong player base.
New to the brand? Don't worry - there's a full in-game manual and good tutorials to ease you in. If you missed the original game, you can still play this one and find out where all those 5 star reviews came from.

NOTE: By purchasing this game, you agree to hold Rubicon harmless for any loss of sleep, drop in work productivity, poor school attendance, family break downs, melted cellphones or medical claims of "addict's finger".

Core Features:
❋ 50 Mission single player campaign
❋ Online asynchronous multiplayer
❋ Pass n Play & Skirmish vs AI
❋ Lush visuals
❋ Simple, intuitive control method
❋ Tons of humor
❋ No birds were harmed (or made angry) during development!

❋ Touch Arcade review: 5/5
"I'll call Great Little War Game "great" without hesitation" ... "the kind of game you can really sink your teeth into, which is rare enough. So I'm delighted to discover that it's also rich in features, good looking and full of humor."

❋ TapScape review: 10/10
"Great Little War Game is just that: a well-designed and enjoyable tactical war game perfect for those who enjoy the lighter side of virtual warfare."

❋ Top10.com: First place
"The lavish production values of the game, incredible attention to detail and excellent animation gives you a sense of aerial, naval and land warfare that gets as good as you can expect on a small screen"

What's in this version:
(1.1.4)
* Hardware `Back` button now works on all menus.
* Fixed an issue with the water graphics on some devices (DroidX, Archos43, etc).
* Added damage information units do against buildings.
* Added Android Backup Service.



                                By bobiras2009		