2012 Urban X Performer of the year!! Extreme fucking, deep throating and massive orgasm overload! | Skin Diamond | Matt Williams
            
October 29, 2012


MP4 only.


Welcome back Skin Diamond to Sexually Broken.com. Skin was the 
Urban X performer of the year for 2012. Did you know that AVN 
has never in it's history awarded a black female performer of 
the year? Things that make you go hmmm...

Skin is about to be sexually wrecked. Overloaded, with cock, 
orgasms, and brutal bondage. Most girls only ever deal with 
one of those things, not all 3, and certainly not at the same 
time. We start with Skin bound spread against a wall, a rope 
neck holding her in place. We oil up her perfect body, 
massaging the oil in working her body over. She is pulled taut 
by the ropes, breathing is difficult. We turn her around and 
oil up her amazing ass. We vibrate her to near orgasm, but we 
do NOT let her cum. 

We take the same ropes that held her spread and change the 
bondage before your eyes. Now Skin is completely helpless with 
her arms trapped behind her body. Her oiled up body glistens, 
we knock her to her knees, her mouth opens, she knows her face 
is about to be devastated with cock. The cock fucks the deep 
back part of her throat cutting off her air supply, we control 
when she breaths if she breath with cock. 

We toss Skin onto the bed and bind her legs to her neck and 
slid into her wet tight pussy. With in seconds she cums! The 
cock fucks her deep and hard. We fuck orgasm after orgasm out 
of Skin. We manhandle her hard, switching between deep throat 
skull fucking upside on the bed to pussy fucking. Back and 
forth, never giving Skin a chance to even catch her breath. 
She is a complete and utter sex toy we use and abuse. Her 
holes are ours to impale at will. She is lost in subspace, 
each orgasm sending her deeper and deeper. 

We look deep into Skin's eyes and there is no one looking 
back. She is cum drunk to the extreme. We take the bondage and 
scorpion her legs and back into a brutal category 5 bondage 
position. We pull out the vibrator and make Skin cum over and 
over. She is a drooling slobbering mess, her humanity scraped 
raw, reduced to a primitive state of sexual survival. It will 
be sometime before she is fit for the end interview, some time 
indeed...

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_29skin2/SexuallyBroken-Skin-Diamond-Matt-Williams-2012-Urban-X-Performer-of-the-year-Extreme-fucking-deep-throating-and-massive-orgasm-overload.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

