---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 
           SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS       444444444                 AAA                   
         SS:::::::::::::::S     4::::::::4                A:::A                  
        S:::::SSSSSS::::::S    4:::::::::4               A:::::A                 
        S:::::S     SSSSSSS   4::::44::::4              A:::::::A                
        S:::::S              4::::4 4::::4             A:::::::::A               
        S:::::S             4::::4  4::::4            A:::::A:::::A              
         S::::SSSS         4::::4   4::::4           A:::::A A:::::A             
          SS::::::SSSSS   4::::444444::::444        A:::::A   A:::::A            
            SSS::::::::SS 4::::::::::::::::4       A:::::A     A:::::A           
               SSSSSS::::S4444444444:::::444      A:::::AAAAAAAAA:::::A          
                    S:::::S         4::::4       A:::::::::::::::::::::A         
                    S:::::S         4::::4      A:::::AAAAAAAAAAAAA:::::A        
        SSSSSSS     S:::::S         4::::4     A:::::A             A:::::A       
        S::::::SSSSSS:::::S       44::::::44  A:::::A               A:::::A      
        S:::::::::::::::SS        4::::::::4 A:::::A                 A:::::A     
         SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS          4444444444AAAAAAA                   AAAAAAA    
                                                                                 
                                                                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

            NeWest.Software.Focus.Photoeditor.v6.3.9.7.Incl.Keygen-Lz0           

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LineZer0!

cpN    cRo

presents

Focus Photoeditor v6.3.9.7

Release Date : 2012-02-11
Nfo Date : 2012-02-11

Num. Disks : xx/08                       OS : Windows
Nfo Time : 13:37                 Rel Type : Keygen
Cracker : Team Lz0               Archive : lz0*.zip
Packer : Team Lz0                Rating : Your choice
Supplier : Team Lz0              Language : English
Protection : N/A

Requirements : N/A
: Always use a firewall.
Publisher URL : http://www.focusphotoeditor.com/
Publisher : NeWest Software

(-)  Keyfile / License          (-)  Emulator
(-)  Patch                      (-)  Serial
(-)  Cracked .EXE / .DLL        (-)  Retail
(x)  Keygen                     (-)  Trainer
(-)  Loader                     (-)  Other

1999 - 2012

+ I N F O +

The Ultimate In Professional-Quality Software.

Full compatibility with Windows 7.The only Photo Editing
Program on the market to support all versions of Windows (from
Win98 to Win7 in both 32bits and 64 bits modes). Loads
blazingly fast, Won?t eat up memory.

More than 150 camera models supported and dozens of graphic
formats

RAW formats are updated to the latest models. Unlimited free
updates

Save and Export files previewing and optimizing size for all
formats

Compatible with the PSD Photoshop File Format

Quick Fix Wizard - To fix all the most common photo problems
in a single step.

The Best Set of Automatic Photo Corrections you could ask for

Auto Contrast, Auto Colors, Auto White Balance

Great Control over Dynamic Range with Smart Flash, Reduce
Highlights, Dynamic Range Improver

Full Arsenal of Exposure and Color Corrections

Professional RGB Curves Correction to achieve tone changes
precisely

Hue - Saturation Control - Selective Color - Replace and
Calibrate Colors

Remove Chroma, Luminance Noise and any kind of digital noise

Top-Notch Unsharp-Mask Filter to render the sharpest and
cleanest picture details

Easy to use Batch Processor with ability to undo the changes
applied to some or all the pictures

Layers: both Image and Text with many option to customize and
to organize

Selections - A Big Variety of ways of selecting pixels,
including free-lasso tool and Magic Wand

Drawing, Painting, Retouching. Great control over precise
editing.

Be creative by painting with the Pressure Sensitive Graphic
Tablet Support

Create elaborate decorations with Textures, Patterns and
Gradients (up to 256 colors and in a multitude of shapes)

Unlimited possibilities with hundreds of Built-in Filters and
thousands of parameters to experiment with

and there is even more:

Effective Anti-RedEye retouch tool. Get rid of this annoying
problem very quickly.

Clone tool to remove unwanted details or duplicate existing
ones.

Lighten / darken details, improve sharpness, increase
saturation by painting over your photo!

Easy-to-use picture browser: lets you rotate, make backup
copies, copy and paste, print picture files in a sheet.

Have access to thousands free and commercial Filters with the
Photoshop Plugins Support

Save and Reload your Photo Projects

Share your photos with the web album builder

Enjoy all the rich editing tools found in more expensive
software

And other ones that you can't get elsewhere!

+ I N S T A L L +

1) Unpack and install.
2) Use the key generator to generate a valid serial.
3) Enjoy this release!

NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that
the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall
to avoid any problems. Further, when running our
keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin
rights while in Vista/Win7 to ensure that it has
enough privileges.

+ J O I N +

So you are interested in joining one of the most successful
groups of all time? Then you might want to continue reading.
Not only can we offer whatever your heart might desire, but
becoming part of the group will also be one of the more
significant decisions you perhaps will take.

Ever since our beginning in 1999 we?ve strived to make a group
that not only is a group of knowledge, but a gathering of
people that wants friendship, devotion, respect and fun. Hard
work is what has brought us where we are today, and hard work
is also what we would expect from you.

Given the amount of hours we all put into this every day, we
like to see our self as a secondary family. We strive to take
care of each other and thus ? mutual respect is the essence of
our group. We never pushed for being elite, as we do not believe
that any of us deserve the mark of the elitists. Every member
of our group is taught to honor the next guy or gal with the
same respect as he or her demands for themselves. The same
thought applies to how we look at other groups.

Are you ready to become part of a family? Do you think you have
what it takes? Then now is the time to get up and contact us.
Perhaps you will find a new road to follow with us. Open
positions are as follows, but if you do feel you have something
to contribute with but feel that it doesn?t match any of the
open positions, then do contact us and let us be the judge
of that.

CRACKERS
Do you have a thrill to find solutions to various protection
schemes? May it be unpacking, patching, finding algorithms
or emulating? We?re always open for individuals that want to
expand their knowledge in reversing. You are required to have
some former knowledge in reversing as we do not tutor people
from scratch. Former experience from other scene groups is
good, but not a necessity. Unsure if you qualify? Contact us,
and we?ll decide based on your qualities. Be prepared that
we will demand examples of previous work.

CODERS
You?re enthusiastic about coding, you love to optimize and
integrate various projects; we always have projects ranging
from smaller ones to large ones that are in need of attendance.
If you are joining our family as a coder you will be appointed
a variety of projects that will push you to do your best and
will probably also serve as a great way of becoming an even
greater coder. Projects are ranging from database integrations,
IRC bots, and cracktros to tools and security oriented
development. Examples of previous work will be required and
experience beyond 2 years is also a requirement.

SUPPLIERS
Do you have access to good titles? Perhaps you work as an
engineer, network administrator, or by any other means can
acquire the latest versions of what you have access to? Then
feel free to contact us and let us know what you have. We do
not focus on anything in particular and as such you will find
that we do titles ranging from CAD/CAM to more common graphics,
music and programming titles ? as well as ordinary shareware
titles. Contact us today and we will see if your titles are
something we?d like to put some effort into.

SITES
You?ve been running a dedicated and well supported site for
more than 6 months, the site has grown some reputation and your
staff as well as the chosen link location is security oriented.
We do not accept sites that are running of rented boxes;
neither do we accept sites located in United States of America,
Germany or Austria. The speed of the site does not matter, what
do matter is that it?s stable, it?s secure and above all ? the
entire site as well as crew is operating encrypted. You feel
that this might be you? Then let us know today, and we will
be getting back to you shortly.

BOX OPERATORS
You have been running hosting services for years; either being
BNC solutions or IRC daemons ? or perhaps just have some boxes
that you might think we can use. You?re an administrator of a
network and have complete control over the box, the network
area and access levels. If so, then you are someone we are
interested to talk to. Keep in mind that we do not offer any
boxes residing in the same countries as mentioned under ?SITES?.

Remember, we all started out somewhere so do not keep yourself
from contacting us thinking you aren?t good enough to help out,
let us decide that.

+ L E G A L +

Our releases are made to make sure that the end-user is able
to fully test a title before going into a purchase as well as
give the end-user an opportunity to make backup copies of
titles he or she already owns. Please do respect our stance
on this and make sure that you buy the required licenses upon
deciding to buy the product. Respect the software authors
that have put time, money and effort into creating the title
you now have in your hand.

1. You should only use this title for the period of time
as you decide if this is the right product for you
personally or for your business. Upon deciding
that this is the product you are looking for then
we encourage you to buy the necessary licenses.

2. If you already own this title then this release can be
used as a substitute to the original disks for backup
and archiving purposes. This is convenient if you
own a large set of various titles that all require
dongles to run and you keep on mixing up the dongles.
Our releases have removed those checks and thus will
be more convenient to use. Again, this should only
be the case if you own the required licenses.

3. We do not wish for our releases to be widely spread
across web boards, P2P networks and the like. While we
do know that occurs we strongly urge people to not
share these titles at such places.

4. The group is not involved with the spreading of the
release, partial files or any of the cracks. The
distribution of our releases are all done by third
parties ? and as such according to the laws of the
countries where our members reside, it is not our
responsibility what others decides to do with
these releases.

5. You are NOT allowed to distribute our titles with the
intent of earning money. This title is not yours to
sell. We, as a group, do not participate in such
actions and we plead to those that are thinking about
selling pirated titles, reconsider ? not only are you
hurting us seeing our releases being abused, but above
all ? you are actually stealing profit from the
software authors.

6. We do not take any responsibility of computer or data
loss that may occur from using our releases. Keep in
mind that you are using a third party solution that
does not come from the original software authors.
However we strive to make perfect releases so the
chances of something like that happening are slim.

7. The usage of our cracks is legal in most countries
outside of the United States, if and only if you own a
complete copy of the program or game. But you are
required to read the end user license agreements (EULAs)
that comes with the various titles to be sure that you
are not violating any agreements.

According to the DMCA ACT in the United States you have no
rights to circumvent any copy protection. Keep this in mind
as the penalties for doing so there are harder than if you
stole the actual title from the self. Our base of operation
however is not located in the states, and thus we are not
bound by any of the legislations like ?no electronic theft act?
?digital millennium copyright act? or ?the patriot act?. But
you as a end-user might be, so be certain to read the EULAs
that you agree to upon installing something to make sure
you are not breaking any domestic laws.

Finally, we do encourage you to explore the open source
community. In most cases you will find open and free software
that does exactly what you need, and it won?t cost you
anything. At the same time you can enjoy the feeling of
doing something good, and support the open source community.

By using this release you agree to the statement written above,
and accept that the responsibility to whet ever the usage of
this title is legal or not is with you and you only. Make sure
that you understand the potential risks of using this release.

+ G R E E T S +

HERiTAGE, RAZOR1911, F4CG, EMPHASiS, ZENiTH, MYTH
GHOST RiDERS, LEGENDS NEVER DiE, ENFUSiA, BiN
FATiGUED COURiERS NETWORK (FCN)
CHEMiCAL REACTiON (CRO)

+ C O N T A C T +

If you want to contact the group either for a open membership
position, for a site offer or just want to let us know that
some release might be flawed, then we welcome your response.
However we do not send out releases, files from releases,
cracks or information to where you might find this. For quick
response you might want to search for us online, if you can
manage to wait then send us an email on the address below.

EMAIL : linezer0@nerdshack.com
UPDATED : 4th of November 2011

ascii proudly done
by cpN of cRo
in 2oo6

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------