Battle an all-new maniacal bandit clan, wreak havoc with new brutally efficient weapons and explore undiscovered areas in RAGE’s new official add-on pack, RAGE: The Scorchers™. Fight alongside new allies to thwart the Scorcher clan’s deadly plot to destroy the Wasteland.

The add-on pack also includes ‘Ultra-Nightmare’, a new high difficulty mode, as well as an ‘Extended Play’ option that allows you to play past the original ending of the game – giving you the opportunity to finish collecting items and achievements.

Developed by id® Software, the creators of DOOM® and QUAKE®, RAGE features intense first-person shooter action, breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore and jaw-dropping graphics powered by id’s revolutionary id Tech® 5 technology.

Key Features

New Enemies and Weapons
Fight the Scorcher clan, the Wasteland’s most psychotic bandits, and conquer overwhelming odds with help from a brutal Nailgun featuring three distinct ammunition types.
Rediscover the Wasteland
Explore six all-new environments, compete in a new season of Mutant Bash TV and play all-new mini-games. There’s more to the world of RAGE than ever before!
Ultra-Nightmare Mode
Take your rage to another level with the new Ultra-Nightmare Mode, designed especially for hardcore players looking for the ultimate challenge.
Extended Play Mode & Combat Scenario Selection
Continue exploring the Wasteland long after the final fight with the ‘Extended Play’ option, and relive your favorite missions any time you want with the all-new ‘Combat Scenario Selection’ menu.

System Requirements

Minimum:
OS:Win XP SP3, Vista, Win 7
Processor:Intel Core 2 Duo or Equivalent AMD
Memory:2 GB RAM
Graphics:GeForce 8800, Radeon HD 4200
Additional:Disk Space is 2.2 GB



Rage v1.3 Update info:


The RAGE 1.3 title update is available. Details below...


NEW FEATURES

    Adds support for The Scorchers
    Collectible cards and schematics that could be missed and never retrieved again, are now purchasable at vendor shops.
    Subway Town races are no longer "locked off" once the Authority takes over and can be played all the way up to traveling to Capital prime to beat the game.

BUG FIXES

    Fixes (not retroactive) a rare progression blocker with the Dead City door during the Defibrillator Upgrade mission.
    Plasma weapons are now effective against the tower turrets in the Wasteland, as previously they would cause no damage.


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum

1. Run Rage.v1.3.Update.incl.The.Scorchers.DLC.exe                   
2. Install                                                                                                          
3. Play the game                                                       
4. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!          



We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for peope with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team