MY PERSONAL BEST PHOTO EDITOR FOR ANDROID.A MUST APPLICATION FOR ALL ANDROID USERS.

Follow my uploads here:                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                    
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


This mod make the application to run in Android 2.3+ version.The original version is for 3.1+

Transform images with core Photoshop features in an app designed for tablets.
Combine images, apply professional effects, share results with friends and family through sites like Facebook, and more ΓÇô all from the convenience of your tablet.

    Use Photoshop features designed for the tablet such as layers, selection tools, adjustments, and filters to create mind-blowing images. 
    Use your tablet camera to fill an area on a layer with the unique camera fill feature.
    Select part of an image to extract by scribbling with the Scribble Selection tool. With Refine Edge, use your fingertip to capture even hard-to-select image elements, like hair, with ease. 
    Search and acquire images with the integrated Google Image Search. 
    Share images on Facebook and view comments right within the app.
    Browse an inspirational gallery for the styles and results you'd like to achieve. Then follow step-by-step tutorials to easily learn techniques the pros use for great-looking results.
    Sync projects with Adobe Creative Cloud* and open layered files from Adobe Photoshop Touch in Photoshop CS5 or higher.
    Free membership to Creative Cloud gives you 2GB of cloud storage plus the ability to sync between tablet and desktop, access files from the web, and easily share with others. Learn more > http://www.adobe.com/products/creativecloud
    Maximum image resolution: 2048 x 2048 pixels

Internet connection and membership to Adobe Creative Cloud is required. Adobe online services, including the Adobe Creative Cloud* service, are available only to users 13 and older and require registration, agreement to additional terms and Adobe's online privacy policy athttp://www.adobe.com/go/privacy.

Adobe online services are not available in all countries or languages, may require user registration and may be subject to change or discontinuation without notice.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 5, 2012)

    Higher resolution capabilities: Work on images up to 12 megapixels while maintaining the highest image quality.
    Two new languages: Russian and Brazilian Portuguese.
    Two new Effects: Shred and Colorize
    Smoother animation and scrolling in the organizer, tutorial browser, and file picker
    New gesture to toggle 100% view and fit screen (three-finger tap)
    New pixel nudging mode for precise movements
    Various Bug fixes



                                By bobiras2009				