
The much loved and highly popular adventure game from 1993 returns in this special remastered edition for the iPhone and iPod touch.

Simon the Sorcerer is a graphical point-and-click adventure game. 
It received very high ratings and became one of the most popular and loved games of the genre.
It is very similar in style to LucasArts' many popular point-and-click adventures of the 1990s, like Monkey Island.


There are some things that kids just shouldn't have to put up with. Being transported to some weird dimension full of goblins, dwarves, swamplings, stupid wizards and sleeping giants is definitely one of them. 
Simon is a teenager transported into a fantasy world as a sorcerer dressed in a cloak and pointy hat. He must use his logic and magical skills to solve puzzles as he progresses through the game.

The story begins with the protagonist, Simon, as an ordinary teenager. His dog, "Chippy", discovers a chest in the loft of his house containing a spellbook titled "Ye Olde Spellbooke". Simon throws the book onto the floor in contempt, but a portal opens above it. Chippy goes through the portal and Simon follows.
After entering the portal, Simon finds himself in another world. He escapes from some goblins who intended to eat him and discovers that he has been brought on a quest to rescue the wizard Calypso from the evil sorcerer Sordid.

When Simon discovers the tuneless bard, the repulsive Rapunzel and a pair of demons with a serious attitude problem, it could prove to be one cliché too far. 
With a Nobel Prize for attempted humour and puzzles so fiendish you'll certainly need help from the wise owl, Simon the Sorcerer is guaranteed to provide a distraction from the drudgery of modern life. 

"Gorgeously drawn, superbly animated"– PC REVIEW

"Leaves you dazzled, hoarse and tired, but in the end it's all worth it" - PC POWER

"An Answer to the American Adventure"– PC ZONE


Copyright owned by Adventure Soft Publishing. 
Simon the Sorcerer is a registered trademark of Adventure Soft Publishing.

iPhoneOS Port and Distribution by iPhSoft.
For more information please visit:  
http://iPhSoft.com/Simon1


Music Enhancement by James Woodcock: www.jameswoodcock.co.uk

Uses ScummVM which is protected under GNU-GPL v2.
ScummVM Copyright (c) 2001-20 09. ScummVM Team, All rights reserved. 
You can find the modified ScummVM code files on iPhSoft website.

LucasArts and Monkey Island are registered trademarks of Lucasfilm Ltd.
What's new in Version 2.4
* Game resume (save game) bug fix
* Opening screen freeze bug fix 
* Orientation switch bug fix