The story is set in a world called Résurrection, which is often called Hell (however, it seems more like a mixture of Hell and Purgatory, as everyone seems to land in there - even "innocent victims" and the only known way to leave it is through purification or redemption, by being "expired" or "expiring" one's tormentor). In Résurrection people are re-incarnated into monsters according to the sins - or lack thereof - of their life. The lowest ranks are formed by zombies and Kobolds whilst vampires form the elite of the society and the ruling class. The more cruel one was in life, the better he is rewarded on Résurrection. There is therefore an inverted concept of justice in "Requiem Chevalier Vampire". Résurrection has a similar shape as our Earth does, but everything appears to be the opposite way around than on Earth. Land has replaced the oceans, while seas of perpetual fire occupy our known continents and time flows backwards. People do not get older but rejuvenate until they become a foetus and ultimately are forgotten; their memory follows the same cycle and is "lost" as people get younger. In order to avoid madness and total loss of their mind in this process, Résurrection's residents are addicted to a drug based on black opium. People do not land on Résurrection in the same order that they died (for instance, Requiem died before Otto and Claudia but landed on Résurrection after them).

The hero is a German soldier during World War II named Heinrich Augsburg, who is killed on the Eastern Front facing the Soviet Army. He is sent to Résurrection after his death and is attacked by a mob of zombies. During the confrontation he meets a vampire who calls himself Otto von Todt and befriends him. Otto reveals he is a vampire and explains that now Heinrich has become a vampire as well. As the story progresses, the hero discovers the world of Résurrection, its peoples and politics. He is however only interested in retrieving a woman he loved during his lifetime and who he knows by the name of Rebecca.

This is part 8. I hope you all enjoy.

------------------------------------------------------------
Note:

If you never read E-comics before, you should download a program like ComicRack, (you can find that here: http://www.softpedia.com/get/Multimedia/Graphic/Graphic-Viewers/ComicRack.shtml).
Then, you can use ".cbr" files and open them with ComicRack.
It's easy to use, and has a great quality!

Hope you enjoy!	
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
For other translated Belgian/French comics, you can check my release thread:     
https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=112889.
Here the most recent versions of the torrents will be referenced. You can also indicate which series you rather want to read more of. Just comment on a torrent, rate the torrent or send me a message/PM on suprbay, and you’ll be able to read it in about one month!			