Many self-help books are available to single women that shed light on the various types of men to avoid in today's dating scene.

What about advice for single men on what types of women they should avoid? 

There are a number of women in society who would make any man a wonderful wife, girlfriend, or platonic friend.

Then there are other women who only look to take advantage of men who are naive and highly libidinous for their own egotistical and/or financial advantage.

Book Author Alan Roger Currie releases yet another book (in both a paperback and Kindle eBook version) that is filled with his unique brand of knowledge and wisdom related to how single men and women verbally communicate their romantic and sexual desires and interests to one another.

Currie once again highlights the fact that when a man expresses his romantic or sexual desires, interests and intentions to women in a very "cautious," "vague," "ambiguous," or "beat-around-the-bush" manner, that the man potentially opens himself up to be misled and taken advantage of by women who are seasoned manipulators of men.

In Part One of the book, Currie discusses women he refers to as Timewasters, which are women who are reluctant to either reciprocate a man's sexual desires or abruptly reject them. 

Instead, a woman who is a Timewaster wants to string men along and offer men nothing more than the possibility of sex to use as a psychological "carrot-on-the-stick" to motivate targeted men to provide women with what they want.

In Part Two of the book, Currie describes in detail at least five types of women that he feels all men should totally avoid entering into a long-term sexual relationship with: 

The Seasoned, Savvy Gold Digger
The "Man Thief" / Wannabe Mistress
The Drama Queen
The Misandrist
The Liar & Cheater

Currie argues that maintaining relationships with these types of women will cause a man to experience a high degree of emotional stress, frustration, financial ruin, or heartbreak in the long-run.

If you are a single heterosexual man who is frequently left feeling confused by women's behavior, or left feeling agitated, frustrated, or bitter after engaging in a series of conversations and interactions with a seasoned female manipulator, you will have your entire mindset and paradigm changed as a result of reading this book and adhering to Currie's teachings.