Immerse yourself in The Beautiful Game with Pro Evolution Soccer 2011, the legendary football simulation from Konami. For years a staple of footy-loving console gamers, PES is now available for your iOS or Android device. The next time you want to experience the joy of a blistering Lionel Messi run in to the box, a perfectly-weighted pass from Xavi, or a crunching tackle from Carlos Puyol, all you have to do is fire up your phone!
When Konami wanted to reimagine their smash hit console gaming franchise on mobile, they chose Marmalade. Konami didn’t want to learn new programming languages, IDEs or mobile operating systems from scratch; instead they wanted to use their familiar C++ tools and skills from the console gaming world. They wanted to push the boundaries of gameplay, graphics and connectivity on mobile devices, to appeal to the huge existing fanbase of the franchise, as well as to attract a new generation of players. They certainly succeeded, with the game averaging 4-5 star reviews and occupying the App Store 10 in Japan, whilst holding a premium price point.
Konami made innovative use of Marmalade’s accelerometer and touchscreen APIs to offer players multiple control schemes across both iOS and Android devices. Marmalade’s UI framework easily supported the rich 2D user interface, and the creation of multiple 2D asset sets allowed the game to scale seamlessly across all smartphone and tablet screen resolutions. Konami wanted to use a standard platform to support the complex player database, and thanks to Marmalade’s full support for C/C++ standards, they were able to use sqlite3 out of the box.
Connectivity and community were a big priority for Konami, with multi-player gaming being supported from the first release. Marmalade’s standard socket APIs, together with the extension for Apple’s GameKit, allowed head-to-head play across both WiFi and Bluetooth. In an app update, social gaming features were provided through Scoreloop’s integration with Marmalade, bringing the game to the attention of an even wider community.