As a manager in FIFA Manager 13 you have complete control over the
management of a modern football club. In the game you are responsible for
the line-up, the tactics and training of your team, for signing the right
players and the extension of your club facilities and the stadium. The
special highlights in FIFA Manager 13 are the FIFA license, the FIFA 3D
engine, more than 40,000 licensed players, many of whom come with original
player pictures, the player manager and national team manager mode, the
Create-a-Club mode and the Match Prognosis Tool as well as a unique,
comprehensive editor

Team dynamics
FIFA Manager 13 comes alive with a team analysis feature called
"Team Matrix", as well as a hierarchy pyramid, which allows you to
visualize which players are facing challenges in the team pecking order
In the Team Dynamics section you get an overview of team hierarchy,
rivalry, personality clashes, personal goals, family relationships and
much more
Your assistant manager helps you to analyse the team, and requesting a
psychological profile of a player before signing him might help avoid
future problems
The new individual player objectives have a special role, and your team
will be successful only with enough team leaders and everyone pulling in
the same direction. From balancing player rivalries to spending enough
time understanding and setting player expectations, FIFA Manager 13 will
push you to perfect the art of team management

Player objectives
Every player of the team has his personal objectives. Some want to become
a first team regular, others want to play for their country


DLC INCLUDED

The Origin Fanpack includes hundreds of exclusive additional
Club Wallpapers, Club Tickets, and Loading screens for
various leagues. A special focus of the Fanpack is also on
League Wallpapers. Especially if you play in lower leagues
or smaller football countries the Fanpack makes FIFA MANAGER
13 even more authentic for you


1. Install the game
2. Before you start the game, use your firewall to block all exe files in
the games install directory from going online
3. Play the game. While in game, avoid all of the online options. If you
have Origin installed, it may start it up. If that happens, ignore the
prompt, play offline, and don't login
4. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT! 
5.Some antivirus will see manager13.exe as a virus, some not. But it`s not 

More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=14938.0

We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 



AviaRa Team