SKIDROW
the leading force

proudly presents
Hoodwink (c) E-One Studio

30-06-2012....Release Date <-> Protection..................Serial
Adventure........Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Get acquainted with Michael Bezzle; small time acquisitions expert in
the decaying slums of the metropolis - Global-One.

Michael has met the girl of his dreams: savvy, sophisticated, funny and
gorgeous, pawn shop owner Francesca Jones seems like quite the catch.
Love is in the air for him but when his final caper goes awry, Michael
must flee for his life as he sets off to uncover the truth behind
UniCorp, the world's last corporate giant.

Follow Michael through this vibrant point and click adventure game as
he meets outrageous characters and explores the brightest dystopia you
will ever see. Meet a range of quirky characters, from hawkers peddling
rat meat and delusional cyborgs to brainwashed and politely vicious
lawmen. Be they friend or foe, the many colorful personae of Hoodwink
will help and hinder Michael on his adventure. Set across the sprawling
sectors of Global-01, Hoodwink features the ramshackle and ingenious
underbelly of a society ruled by the world's last corporation. A
twisted future with absurdly dark humor, Hoodwink reveals an insane
world with vile conspiracy and corporate-themed satire, making the
brightest dystopia you've ever seen, all to the catchy beats composed
by the award-winning Leon Willett.

Features:

Point and Click Adventure Game

Detailed Oriental Post-Apocalyptic Environments

Fully voiced over cast of colourful characters

Fun and Quirky Minigames

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Type anything as a fictive serial at the serialscreen to proceed
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice.

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

Enjoy