POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 126 - Carter Conlon - Raising The Dead




POtHS Comment: His BLOOD is the only thing that Redeems us.

Description:

Carter Conlon:
Pastor Carter Conlon is the Senior Pastor of Times Square Church. He joined the pastoral staff in 1994 at the invitation of our founding pastor, David Wilkerson, and was appointed to the office of senior pastor in 2001.
Following a successful career in law enforcement, Pastor Carter pastored a church and directed a Christian school east of Ottawa, Canada. During his early years of ministry in Canada, he also owned and operated a sheep farm.

Pastor Carter's shepherd's heart is evident in the tender and compassionate way he leads the large congregation at Times Square Church. He is loved and well respected for his strong leadership and fiery passion for God. He is married to Teresa Conlon and they have three children.  Pastor Carter has a bachelorΓÇÖs degree in law and sociology.

There is a spiritual wall that separates those who are truly serving God and those who are bringing carnality into His church. If God is going to be honored in this generation we must begin to rebuild the testimony of Christ in our lives. You may ask yourself how does this happen? How do I begin to rebuild this wall? The first thing we do is apply the truth of God's Word to every area of our life where we are not in agreement with Him. Secondly, we must remove the rubble in our homes that has blocked the door to the prayer closet. Lastly, call our children by example into the work of God. Suddenly there will be a people arise and begin to build according the ways of God and they will do it all for His honor!

Included sermons:
Raising The Dead by Carter Conlon
Reclaiming the Sweetness of the Cross by Carter Conlon
Religion In The Inner Court by Carter Conlon
Sanctify Yourself- For Tomorrow the Lord Will Do Wonders by Carter Conlon
The Blessing of Brokenness by Carter Conlon
The Willingness to Kill Jesus
When Death Seems Like a Better Option

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
