         Effective Video Coding For Multimedia Applications-2010kaiser 



Information has become one of the most valuable assets in the modern era. Within the last 5-10 years, the demand for multimedia applications has increased enormously. Like many other recent developments, the materialization of image and video encoding is due to the contribution from major areas like good network access, good amount of fast processors e.t.c. Many standardization procedures were carrried out for the development of image and video coding. The advancement of computer storage technology continues at a rapid pace as a means of reducing storage requirements of an image and video as most situation warrants. Thus, the science of digital video compression/coding has emerged. This storage capacity seems to be more impressive when it is realized that the intent is to deliver very high quality video to the end user with as few visible artifacts as possible. Current methods of video compression such as Moving Pictures Experts Group (MPEG) standard provide good performance in terms of retaining video quality while reducing the storage requirements. Many books are available for video coding fundamentals.This book is the research outcome of various Researchers and Professors who have contributed a might in this field. This book suits researchers doing their research in the area of video coding.The understanding of fundamentals of video coding is essential for the reader before reading this book. The book revolves around three different challenges namely (i) Coding strategies (coding efficiency and computational complexity), (ii) Video compression and (iii) Error resilience. The complete efficient video system depends upon source coding, proper inter and intra frame coding, emerging newer transform, quantization techniques and proper error concealment.The book gives the solution of all the challenges and is available in different sections.

Author: Sudhakar Radhakrishnan

Year: 2011


ENJOY AND SEED!!!