FEATURES

High-quality voice output - Advanced algorithms, setting combinations: changing, tuning, improving, equalizing, and more.
Compatible with Internet-based programs - Compatible with many voice chat applications, instant messenger programs, VoIP programs, and online games. Improved with dual voice changer algorithms: Hooking and Virtual Audio Driver 
User-friendly interface - Clean and simple user-interface with useful tips / hints makes the software very easy to use. Improved in Diamond edition 
Game mode - Switch from Full mode to Game mode for low bandwidth and CPU usage while maintaining excellent performance, especially when you play online games 
2-Dimensional voice changing - The only application that not only changes voice pitch, but also voice timbre, and in real time! 
Ready-to-use "nickvoices" - Hundred of preset voices - the "nickvoices" ΓÇô available with just a click; also create and save your own presets. quickly switch voices with simple keystrokes Improved with nickvoice hot keys 
Sudio & video stream interception - Compatible with almost any media program, hooks all streams, including WaveOut, DirectX. 
Audio effects explorer - More than 50 effects, hundreds of presets available; layer multiple effects to create unique ones and save them for later use. 
Frequency & formant morphers - Control multi-band pitch, modify base format of any singing voice. 
Advanced equalizers, sound quality improver - Ready-to-use equalizer presets, noise reduction, and sound limiter. 
Adjustable sound parameters - DVD/radio/telephone-quality sound output; defaults to full duplex. 
Non-human voices - Create up to 54 animal voices from your own voice with a simple click. 
Background affects - Use your voice via microphone and add in any background sound from 15 presets, or load in your own background sounds. 
Audio/Sound Recorder - Capture chat conversations, Internet radio, record any voice, sound, or music clip from any source. 
Audio/Sound Player - Built-in mp3 player works with the morphers, equalizers, effects and filters; plays almost any format. 
Voice comparator - Similarity analysis, celebrity voice samples, import someone else's voice and compare it to any other voice. 
Parody Maker - Create your parody voice or mimic other people's voices. 
Parody Mixer - Mix parody voices to create a new parody voice. 
Voice Analyzer - Analyze 3 fundamental characteristics of your voice. 
Batch File Morpher (NEW) - Advanced morphing tool to quickly perform audio morphing and file format converting processes on several files.

Operating Systems

Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bits), Windows 8 (32 bits)

Language : English

Free Addons :  
http://support.audio4fun.com/add-ons

Homepage :  
http://www.audio4fun.com/voice-over.htm