'The Flaming Carrot' by Bob Burden

Issue 01, Killian Barracks Press, 1981
Issue 01-05, Aardvark-Vanaheim, 1984-1985
Issue 06-17, Renegade Press, 1985-1987
Issue 18-31, Dark Horse Comics, 1988-1994
Issue 32-37, Image Comics, 2004-2006

Flaming Carrot Annual, Dark Horse Comics, 1997

Issue 1-4, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Flaming Carrot, Mirage Publishing, 1993-1994

Flaming Carrot Appearances from 1984-2004 in Cerebus, Anything Goes, Turtlemania, Dark Horse Presents, A1, San Diego Comic-Con Comics, Negative Burn and Normalman

Robot Comics 00, Renegade Press, 1987

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Flaming Carrot Comics is a comic book series by cartoonist Bob Burden. The title character first appeared in Visions number 1, a magazine published by the Atlanta Fantasy Fair in 1979. Flaming Carrot can be seen as a parody of various aspects of the superhero genre (though his origin story is much the same as that of Don Quixote). Flaming Carrot adventures have been published by Aardvark-Vanaheim, Renegade Press, Dark Horse Comics, and Image Comics, among others. He has guest-starred, and made cameos in, comics published by Fantagraphics, Mirage Studios, Atomeka Press, and others.

The Flaming Carrot origin states that 'having read 5,000 comics in a single sitting to win a bet, this poor man suffered brain damage and appeared directly thereafter as ΓÇö the Flaming Carrot!'

To Carrot, who lives in Palookaville, a neighborhood of Iron City, has staved off at least three alien invasions, a Communist take over of Iron City, flying dead dogs, the Man in the Moon, Death itself, and a cloned horde of evil marching Hitler's boots. Possessing no real super powers, the Carrot wins the day through sheer grit, raw determination, blinding stupidity, and bizarre luck. Flaming Carrot even died in number 6 (fell into a deep toxic waste pit in Palookaville), was brought back from the clinically dead in number 7, described his sojourn in Limbo in  number8 and got back at those who sent him to Limbo in number 9.

The Carrot wears a costume that consists of a giant carrot mask which extends from above his head to below his crotch, a white shirt, red pants, and flippers on his feet (in case he has to swim). The mask has a continually burning flame at the top and a secret compartment containing a nuclear powered pogo stick. (The mask and the pogo stick were invented by Dr. Heller of the Mystery Men.) Flaming Carrot also wears a crime fighting utility belt, but unlike that of the Batman, his is filled with Silly Putty, rubber bands, random playing cards, sneezing powder, and other similarly useless items (which nonetheless can become lethal weapons in his hands).Dr. Heller upgraded Flaming Carrot's equipment after bringing him back from the clinically dead . The Flaming Carrot also relies heavily on his 9mm Radom pistol to kill his enemies without hesitation.

Flaming Carrot is able to go into a self-induced state of 'Zen stupidity' in order to face danger and evil boldly and without trepidation.