Personally, I found the entire moribund OCCUPY movement to be asinine and puerile, so here's a chance to screw them out of funds by giving away other people's hard work for free. That's what they claim to want, isn't it?
  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occupy_This_Album

Occupy This Album: 99 Songs for the 99 Percent is a four-disc compilation box set released in May 2012 through the record label Music for Occupy and distribution company Razor & Tie. The album was initiated by Executive Producer of Occupy This Album, and Executive Director of Music For Occupy, Jason Samel. The set consists of 99 songs inspired by or related to the Occupy movement. Proceeds from the album went "directly towards the needs of sustaining this growing movement."

Occupy This Album is a four-disc compilation box set containing 76 songs by various artists; the digital version contains 99 tracks. Michael Moore contributed vocals on his cover of Bob Dylan's "The Times They Are a-Changin'", a song he had previously performed in his 1998 film The Big One. Moore, who had been approached to direct a music video for the compilation, is accompanied by Tom Chapin on guitar and harmonica. Approximately two thirds of the way into the track, Moore leads a human microphone chorus with the chant: "We are here to conduct an intervention".

City Winery in New York City hosted a record release party on May 8, 2012, which included performances by Matt Pless, the initial inspiration for the album.[2] Other performers included Ace Reporter, David Amram, Angels of Vice, Jennie Arnau, Richard Barone, Chroma, Dave Dreiwitz, and Kevin Twigg, the Fear Nuttin Band, Nanci Griffith with Pete and Maura Kennedy, Jesse Lenat, Los Cintron, George Martinez and The Global Block Collective, Michael Moore with Tom Chapin, Rejectionist Front, Greg Smith and Broken English, and Taj Weekes

Critical reception of the album was mixed. In his review for Entertainment Weekly, Kyle Anderson gave the compilation series a B+ rating and wrote, "the spirit of the compilation feels more positive than negative ΓÇö the best that can be asked of any grassroots revolution".[3] Josh Harkinson of Mother Jones called the album a "mashup of sometimes discordant messages" lacking in "musical cohesion", though he complimented the album's "star power" and felt the best songs were contributed by rappers.[4]

Many reviewers criticized or complimented select tracks. Anderson's favorite songs included Ace Reporter's "propulsive" rendition of "The World Is on Fire" and Deborah Harry's "glitchy" "Safety in Numbers". Harkinson called Michael Moore's version of the Bob Dylan song "The Times They Are a-Changin'" "rotten", but considered Third Eye Blind's "If There Ever Was a Time" a "gem".		