Concerto for Jazz Bass & Orchestra:
1. Westward Expansion 8:57
2.Concerto for Jazz Bass & Orchestra: After The Storm 8:34
3. Concerto for Jazz Bass & Orchestra: Mardi Gras 8:16
4. Heart of the Bass 4:31
5. Four Hands 4:04
6. Mullagh 2:55
7. Bach Prelude in G Major (From the Cello Suite) 2:17
Miniatures for Piano Bass & String:
8. Miniature #1 - Ivory Tower 2:06
9. Miniature #2 - Lonely People 3:10
10. Miniature #3 - Still Life 3:14
11. Miniature #4 - Marionette 3:30
12. Miniature #6 - Butterfly 2:03
13. Miniature #5 - Vision


John Patitucci is an American Grammy-winning jazz double bass and jazz fusion electric bass player.

Patitucci was born in Brooklyn, New York, where he began playing the electric bass at age ten, composing and performing at age 12, as well as the acoustic bass at 15, and the piano one year later. After moving west, he studied classical bass at San Francisco State University and Long Beach State University.

Patitucci has released twelve albums as a leader. In addition to his solo work, Patitucci has played on albums by B.B. King, Chick Corea, Joanne Brackeen, Wayne Shorter, Herbie Hancock, Michael Brecker, John Abercrombie, George Benson, Dizzy Gillespie, Was Not Was, Roby Duke, Dave Grusin, Natalie Cole, Bon Jovi, Queen Latifah, Sting, The Manhattan Transfer, Carly Simon and Everything But The Girl.

As a performer, he has played with his own band, and with Chick Corea, Herbie Hancock, Wayne Shorter, Stan Getz, Wynton Marsalis, Joshua Redman, Michael Brecker, Randy Brecker, Freddie Hubbard, McCoy Tyner, and Tony Williams. He was selected to be the bassist for the GRP All-Star Big Band. Some of the many pop and Brazilian artists he has played with include Sting, Natalie Cole, Carole King, Astrud and João Gilberto, Airto Moreira and Flora Purim. Patitucci has worked with film composers such as Jerry Goldsmith, Ry Cooder, Henry Mancini, and John Williams.

Patitucci has led several projects of his own, in addition to playing with Chick Corea's Elektric Band and Akoustic Band and on projects with Stan Getz, Freddie Hubbard, Danilo Pérez, and Roger Waters, among others. He now is active in Wayne Shorter's popular quartet. The group won the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Jazz Album for the album Beyond the Sound Barrier in 2006.

He has taught at music schools in several countries, and he was the Artistic Director of the Bass Collective, a school for bassists in New York City, and he is involved with The Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz and the Betty Carter Jazz Ahead program. He is currently Professor of Jazz Studies at City College of New York.