HIGHLY COMMENDED IN THE MEDICINE CATEGORY IN THE BMA 2006 MEDICAL BOOK COMPETITION!

The 11th Edition of this famous medical textbook, first published in 1964, has been extensively rewritten and expanded by a new team of 3 editors and 22 authors who are all active clinicians and experts in their specialist fields.

Macleod's Clinical Examination describes the practical skills every clinician must acquire and develop in order to evolve diagnostic procedures and management strategies and plans. Its main purpose is to document and explain how to:
talk with a patient
take the history from the patient
examine a patient
formulate your findings into differential diagnoses and rank these in order of probability
use investigations to support or refute your differential diagnosis.
The book has three sections:

Section One details the principles of history taking, general examination and the external features of disease. 

Section Two comprises the systems chapters which are laid out in the same order.
A brief introduction setting the scene
Definitions and common symptoms
The History, what questions to ask and how to follow them up
The Clinical Examination, what and how to examine
Investigations:
those done at the patient's side (near-patient tests)
laboratory investigations
invasive investigations including X-rays
All chapters include sample OSCE stations and summaries of key points emphasising good practice
Section Three is entirely new and relates to the patient as a whole; the first outlines the examination of the neonate, preschool and primary school child, while the second covers the approach to the critically ill patient. Both chapters emphasize an integrated and structured approach to these patients.
This new edition of Macleod's Clinical Examination is the most comprehensive yet covering aspects of history taking and physical signs in every system including examination of the Critically Ill Patient.
It should be of value to:
Medical students training to be effective doctors.
Established doctors studying for postgraduate examinations including MRCP (UK) PACES.
General Practitioners wishing to update their skills in all aspects of clinical examination.
Nurse practitioners both in primary and secondary care involved in patient assessment.