Joy (2010) DVDR(xvid) NL Gespr+NL Subs DMT
Nederland
Drama
75 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1465490/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/60145/

geregisseerd door Mijke de Jong
met Samira Maas, Coosje Smid en Dragan Bakema

Joy is een emotioneel beschadigde tiener, die door haar ouders is achtergelaten even na haar 
geboorte en sindsdien opgroeide in weeshuizen. Het enige doel waar Joy nog écht voor leeft is het 
vinden van haar biologische moeder. Deze zoektocht naar iets of iemand om aan vast te klampen, 
dreigt Joy fataal te worden.

Joy is an emotionally damaged young woman of eighteen, who was given up at birth, to grow up in 
homes and with foster families. She lives on the fringes of society, getting by on benefits and earning 
a little extra by playing the accordion in the subway. In addition, she is a skilled shoplifter and has 
never been caught. The film follows her closely during her dogged search for her unknown biological 
mother. Joy has a rather distant quality and the only times we see her animated is during her 
obsessive attempts to discover the identity and address of her mother. She clings to her conviction 
that she was the product of a loving relationship and that is why her mother called her Joy. This 
belief is all she has to hang onto in life. Her other activities revolve around her friend, Denise (16), 
who has got pregnant on purpose and is living in the home from which Joy was expelled because of 
bad behaviour, and her boyfriend Momo (21), a second-generation immigrant who was born and 
bred in Holland. Joy's search for her biological mother, have led her to an old address; on the basis of 
a vague physical resemblance, she assumes that the woman she finds there is her mother. She starts 
to follow the woman on her way to work and during shopping trips, and watches the house where 
she lives with her teenage daughter. Joy becomes more cheerful and more alert, and begins to 
develop an eye for the world around her - giving us a glimpse of the young woman she could have 
become if she had had a bit more luck. Then she hears someone call the woman by her name - a 
different name from that of her biological mother. She is profoundly shocked: her world seems to 
collapse around her.

Source: DVD5 Retail
Size: 702 MB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1324 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  720 x 400
Frames/s: 25.000 Fps
Audio:  Dutch
Audio Code: mp3
Bitrate: 128  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands gesproken en ondertiteld (ingebakken/hardcoded)
Genre:  Drama

Deze review wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER