Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68954.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68955.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68956.jpg

Street Fighter X Tekken-SKIDROW
Street Fighter X Tekken (c) Capcom

03-05-2012....Release Date  Protection....................GFWL
Fighting.........Game Type  Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

The long awaited dream match-up between the two titans of fighting is
here! Street Fighter┬« X Tekken┬« is the ultimate tag team fighting game,
featuring one of the most expansive rosters of iconic fighters in
fighting game history.  The critically acclaimed Street Fighter IV game
engine has been refined with new features including simultaneous
4-player fighting, a power-up Gem system, Pandora Mode, Cross Assault
and more.  Street Fighter and Tekken players alike will cross the line
in this revolutionary battle!

Features:

Dream Match Up - Dozens of playable characters including Rolento,
Zangief, Cammy, Sagat, Hugo, Ibuki, Poison, Dhalsim, Ryu, Ken, Guile,
Abel, Balrog, Juri, Vega and Chun-Li from Street Fighter as well as
Heihachi, Lili, Julia, Hwoarang, Raven, Kuma, Yoshimitsu, Steve,
Kazuya, Nina, King, Marduk, Bob, Law, Paul and Xiaoyu from Tekken.

Real-time Tag Battle - Fight as a team of two and switch between
characters strategically.

Gem System - A brand new feature that combines customization with
strategy, the Gems add an extra level of depth and provide a
pioneering way to experience fighting games. A total of 57 Gems
(5 Assist and 52 Boost) come standard in the game and players have the
ability to equip three different Gems that improve upon weaknesses or
capitalize on strengths. Play your way!

Briefing Room - Get your combos and timing just right with help from
your friends in this online training mode.

Scramble Mode - Four separate players, online or offline, control each
of the four characters on screen for the ultimate battle royale.

Pandora Mode - Sacrifice yourself in battle to give your partner a
short, but powerful, boost in strength.

Familiar Controls - In Street Fighter X Tekken, controls will feel
familiar for fans of both series.

Juggle System - Toss your foes into Tekken-style juggles with Street
Fighter X Tekken's universal air launching system.

Cross Assault - By using the Cross Gauge, a player can activate Cross
Assault and attack with both of their characters at the same time.

Super Art - Using the Cross Gauge you can immediately unleash a Super
Art. Ryu's famed Shinku Hadoken, Kazuya's Devil Beam as well as the
Tekken characters all have original Super Art techniques.

Robust Online Modes - In addition to the online features from Super
Street Fighter┬« IV, Street Fighter X Tekken features totally upgraded
online functionality, new smoother netcode and some extra surprises.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

You need to make an offline Games For Windows Live profile, for being
able to load/save. 