
  Jawbox - Discography (1991-1996) [FLAC]

  Released: 1991, 1992, 1994, 1996 
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Post-Hardcore, Alternative
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: 
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz
  
  Albums:
   
  1991 - Grippe
  1992 - Novelty
  1994 - For Your Own Special Sweetheart
  1996 - Jawbox

  Bio:

In their eight-year existence, Jawbox released four studio albums of increasingly skillful post-punk, not necessarily carrying the torch of their Washington, D.C., elders (Minor Threat, Embrace, Rites of Spring), but instead building on the tradition of Chicago's thriving early-'80s scene (Big Black, Naked Raygun, Effigies). Highly and unfairly scrutinized for being the first act to leave über-indie Dischord Records, Jawbox proved cynics wrong by releasing two excellent LPs for Atlantic that easily surpassed their Dischord output, all the while retaining their integrity and creative control.

Ex-Government Issue bassist J. Robbins formed Jawbox in the summer of 1989. Deciding to switch to guitar and vocals, the first lineup was filled out by friends Adam Wade on drums and Kim Coletta on bass. Their first recording, a self-titled four-track 7" EP, was released in the spring of 1990 on their own DeSoto imprint. Immediately after having written 12 new songs, the band headed into Inner Ear with engineer Eli Janney (Girls Against Boys) to record its debut LP for Dischord later that year. Not regarded as a blunder in hindsight by the band, but still seen as an unfocused recording, Grippe is nonetheless a record that rewards repeated listening, despite its formative nature.
 
Jawbox recorded their fourth LP in the winter of 1995-1996 with John Agnello, who had worked with everyone from Earth, Wind & Fire to Chavez. A somewhat glossy sheen pervades Jawbox, but the incessant touring gave way to a band whose members might just be capable of playing magically together in their sleep. Thankfully, the record is still the work of a vital, passionate band. The songs are nearly as good as those on Sweetheart, but the polished sound sacrifices some of the blood and sweat that likely went into the recording. If it was an attempt to be more accessible to radio, it didn't work; despite the customary critical approval, Jawbox went DOA in the shops with unfamiliar consumers.