Photomizer Pro

The new Photomizer Pro - optimizes your digital photos to top form

Photomizer 1 sets the bar high - the new Photomizer Pro jumps over it, raises the known efficient functionality of the predecessor thanks to many internal improvements to a new level and completes it with numerous filters and additional minor and major changes.

Retro function & frames

Charming and innovative: Photomizer Pro turns the image editing upside down: If the predecessor polished up old photos it is now exactly the other way round. With the simulation of old cameras and black-and-white films, Photomizer Pro helps you revive the very special charm of past eras in your digital photos. For this purpose the program was equipped with special retro filters, with which you can reproduce the peculiarities of many historic cameras and film material that has not been available for a long time. Together with the new frames you guarantee a lot of surprising effects in your digital slide shows and photo books.

Completely revised user interface

Many new and old functions but everything is super easy to reach and to operate: Thanks to the completely revised user interface you can work with Photomizer Pro as smoothly as usual, target-oriented and undisturbed by any distractions - but with a clearer arranged interface, even a bit more intuitively and with a new zoom function and full-screen preview for a better image analysis. The 1-click optimization, popular with hobby- and semi-professional photographers, was kept of course.

Profiles for a more effective and faster editing

The new editing profiles provide another enhancement towards prefect user friendliness. These are defaults that can be used for defined groups of photos to improve special features. Included in delivery are numerous default profiles - like those for optimization of digital camera shots, slides, negatives, webcam photos, scans and snapshots of mobile phones. This time-saving and efficient collection can be completed by your own profiles for individual viewing habits.

System requirements

Windows XP/Vista/7/8 (32- and 64-Bit)
.NET Framework 4.0 (is installed automatically if required)
Min. 1 Gigabyte RAM (2 GByte recommended) - the higher the memory capacity, the better!
CPU with at least 1 GHz, a fast Dual-Core or even Quad-Core computer recommended
Online Internet connection required to activate the software

Homepage: http://www.engelmann.com/eng/photomizerpro.php

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Done, Enjoy.