S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Damage.Inc Pacific Squadron WWII (c) Mad Catz

28-08-2012......Release Date <-> Protection.................Steam
Action.............Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Take to the skies in one of over 30 accurately represented aircraft and
defend the Pacific Theatre from invading enemy forces. Fight your way
through intense air-to-air, air-to-ship, and air-to-ground combat while
piloting dive bombers, fighters, and torpedo bombers over visually
striking, historically accurate locations

From the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor to the fierce Battle of Iwo
Jima, outmaneuver your foes through more than 20 multi-objective
single-player and co-op missions, or engage in head-to-head dogfights
against online rivals. Whether flying alone, alongside, or against your
teammates, use your aerial arsenal to devastate the enemy and dominate
the air

Features:

Beautifully rendered aircraft, islands, and battle scenes

Distinctive multiplayer flight combat gaming experiences

Pilot over 30 accurately represented aircraft

Flight Stick controller-compatible for truly immersive gameplay

Complete missions to acquire upgrade points - - unlock new planes;
improve armor, performance and weapons; change paint schemes, and more!

Full-featured award system - - earn Achievements by completing in-game
challenges

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


System Requirements:


• OS: Windows Vista Service Pack 2 
• Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.0GHz / AMD Athlon X2 4,000 + 
• Memory: 1GB • Hard Disk Space: 4GB 
• Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 7800 / ATI Radeon HD 2600 Pro • DirectX ®: 9 
• Sound: DirectX compatible sound Card 


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/j0L10.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/VTA9s.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/m50Ka.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/terIO.jpg


ENJOY!