Any Video Converter Professional 

As a professional video converter, Any Video Converter Professional performs its excellence in video converting and video editing beyond your imagination. Easy-to-use interface, fast converting speed, loaded useful features are all integrated. This video converter helps you to enjoy videos on iPad, iPod, iPhone, PSP, Zune, other portable players and mobile phones never easier than before. Now, let's take a tour to learn more about this ultimate video converter. Besides ripping DVD and converting video, Any Video Converter also supports burning videos to DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW disc
 New: Support WebM as input and output file format.
 

Features
 
Convert video between different formats
 Convert all kinds of video formats, including MOV, M2TS, OGM, RMVB, RM, WMV, QT, FLV, MOD, TS, TP, DVR-MS, Divx, etc. to AVI, WMV, MP4, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, FLV, SWF, MKV, 3GP and 3G2 for all kinds of portable media players including iPod, iPhone, PSP, Zune; mobile phones including Google Nexus One, BlackBerry and Nokia and game consoles including PS3, Xbox360 and Wii. Click HERE to learn about the supported input formats and click HERE to learn about the supported output devices.
 
High-Definition video converter
 Served as a high-definition video converter, Any Video Converter allows you to convert AVCHD (*.M2TS, *.MTS, *.TOD), HD MKV, HD H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, HD MPEG-2, HD MPEG Transport Stream (*.TS, *.TP, *.M2T) and other high-definition video formats to standard definition video formats. Besides, high-definition video output formats including AVI, WMV, MP4 and MKV (720P & 1080P) are also available. 

Built-in YouTube video downloader and YouTube video converter
 Paste URL links of your favorite YouTube videos to the program, download to your hard drive and convert to video formats you need. Downloading only or downloading and converting are available. YouTube login feature is also built-in.
 Besides, the program can download and convert videos from Google Video and Japanese NicoVideo.
 The video converter allows you to specify the quality level by menu Edit > Option > Online Video.
 Add "Flatten and add faststart to mp4 files" to enable mp4 streaming.


OS Supported:
 
Windows XP, Vista & Windows 7
 
Homepage: http://www.anvsoft.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy