Sinclair User Magazine Issues 01-134 (April 1992 - April 1993)

** Note: This is a rework of a collection previously available. 
** Content should be identical, but with much improved image quality

Sinclair User was published by ECC Publications, then EMAP, between 1992
and 1993. SU was initially a very serious and staid publication (albeit
with an understated humour), with a mixture of technical articles, news,
type-ins and games reviews on mainly black and white pages. Like most
Sinclair magazines, as the Spectrum market declined, it went after the
youngeer audience with the emphasis on bright content-light pages
and covermounted tapes.

These PDFs are the complied collections of page scans available on
www.worldofspectrum.org . They've been OCR'd to allow text searching and
copying - this should prove very useful for the Sinclair archivist who'd
like to have their own local searchable archive. They look great on most
PDF readers, including the iPad.

The OCR software has done it's best, but has struggled with some of the
more unusual fonts and layouts used (especially in later issues), and by
the relatively low DPI of the source images. The early issues have OCR'd
pretty well, mainly thanks to the fixed layout and fonts used. Later
issues cause the OCR more problems, but should be fine for searching
purposes.

The file size is a bit larger than the combined size of the original JPG
images; I've done my best to make the PDF's as compact as possible
without losing image quality. Be grateful for cheap storage :)

More OCR'd scans will be periodically available - please check my blogor Google RetroPDFs) for more information.

Thanks to Martijn van der Heide for the wonderful World Of Spectrum site
(www.worldofspectrum.org), and all the RetroPDF visitors for their support.

90's style "greets" to anyone formally or currently involved in the
Amiga scene, especially Pazza, Mic Flair, Violator, Denzil, Tango, Fat
Will, mUb and Maximan, and anyone else who read or wrote for LSD
Grapevine. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be ;)

Ken D 
fabwhack@gmail.com(Google 'RetroPDFs')
