Ultimate Food Journeys - World's Best Dishes & Where to Eat Them
DK Travel | September 2011 | ISBN-10: 0756686008 | True PDF | 336 Pages | 109 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Ultimate-Food-Journeys-Eyewitness-Travel/dp/0756686008

Want to know what the best things to eat and drink in the world are and where you can find them? Ultimate Food Journeys takes travelers on a gastronomic tour of the globe to find truly world-class culinary experiences. Whether it is the most delicious street food in Southeast Asia, or the best clam chowder in New England, this beautifully illustrated book includes every must-try treat in some of the world's best destinations, and places them in their cultural and geographical context.
Structured by continent, the most delicious or interesting things to eat in each area are chosen by expert authors. Be it bouillabaisse in Marseille or dim sum in Hong Kong, they recommend the best places to eat the dish, both in its place of origin and beyond. The restaurants recommended are chosen for the quality of the cooking as well as for the experience of dining there.
Ultimate Food Journeys is an ideal planner for travelers who want to experience authentic food in its original setting, offering an exciting way to get up close and personal with the most unique and memorable regions, towns, and cities in the worldΓÇöthrough their food.

This is a large, heavy, colorful coffee table book. The end papers have maps where the main locations of specific foods are mentioned and are located. There are introductions and descriptions of subjects, such as; the flavors of each geographic area: Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia and Australasia, North America, South America. Food that is described ranges from pizza and tapas to haggis, bouillabaisse, eisenbin, stuffed pigeon and lobster, deli food, acaraje, ceviche and clam chowder
In each geographic area, towns are chosen and then the dish is described and other information given such as; cooking courses, what to do during a day's visit, how to get there, where to stay, places to eat and other locations in the world serving that particular featured dish. Address, phone numbers, web sites are given for most. There are also several colour pictures on each page.
Food Festivals around the world are listed on 8 pages at the end of the book. There is also an index listing individual foods, and specific geographic locations.