ch4 - Falklands' Most Daring Raid [MP4-AAC](oan)
 
http://nimga.com/f/BtQpN.png

On 30 April 1982, the RAF launched a secret mission: to fly a Vulcan bomber to the Falkland 
Islands and bomb Port Stanley's runway, putting it out of action for Argentine fighter jets. 
The safety of the British Task Force depended on its success.

However, the RAF could only get a single plane - a crumbling, Cold War-era Vulcan - 8000 miles 
south to the Falklands, because just one bomber needed an aerial fleet of 13 Victor tanker 
planes to refuel it throughout the 16-hour round-trip. At the time it was the longest-range 
bombing mission in history.

From start to finish, the seemingly impossible mission was a comedy of errors, held together 
by pluck and ingenuity.

On the brink of being scrapped, only three of the ageing nuclear bombers could be fitted out 
for war, one to fly the mission and two in reserve. Crucial spare parts were scavenged from 
museums and scrap yards - one vital component had been serving as an ashtray in the Officers
Mess.

In just three weeks, the Vulcan crews had to learn air-to-air refuelling, which they hadn't 
done for 20 years, and conventional bombing, which they hadn't done for 10 years either.

The RAF scoured the country for Second World War iron bombs, and complex refuelling calculations 
were done the night before on a ┬ú5 pocket calculator.

With a plan stretched to the limit and the RAF's hopes riding on just one Vulcan, the mission was 
flown on a knife-edge: fraught with mechanical failures, unreliable navigation, electrical storms 
and lack of fuel.

Of the 21 bombs the Vulcan dropped, only one found its target. But it was enough to change the 
outcome of the war.

Astonishingly, this great feat has been downplayed into near obscurity by history, but this 
documentary brings it back to life, providing a thrilling and uncharacteristically upbeat account 
from the Falklands War: the Dambusters for the 1980s generation...

First Shown

Sunday 18 March 2012
 
http://nimga.com/m/YyUlH.png


47mn 0s | 505 MiB | 720x400 | 1502 Kbps | 25.000 fps | AAC | 240 Kbps Vbr | 2 ch | QF 0.181| Documentary | TV quality | English