System requirements:
Intel® Pentium® 4 или AMD Athlon® 64
Microsoft® Windows® XP с пакетом SP3; Windows Vista® Home Premium, Business, Ultimate  Enterprise SP1 лWindows 7 1 Gb RAM
9.1 GB free hard disk space for installation, additional free space required during installation (can not install on removable flash storage devices)
  Screen resolution of 1280x800 (recommended 1280x1024), video card that supports OpenGL 2.0, hardware acceleration and 16-bit color, 256 MB VRAM
  Some GPU-accelerated features require graphics support for Shader Model 3.0 and OpenGL 2.0
  To use certain features Adobe Bridge requires a video card that supports DirectX 9 and memory capacity of at least 64 MB
  DVD-ROM drive
  Java ™ Runtime Environment 1.5 or 1.6
  Software QuickTime 7.6.2, required for multimedia features
  Software Adobe Flash ® Player 10 for the exports SWF files
  Broadband Internet connection required for online services

Description:
 Files in the original distribution downloaded from the developer's site http://www.adobe.com (see checksums)

 Software Adobe ® Creative Suite ® 5 Master Collection lets you design and develop excellent projects to carry out work effectively together, and export ready content in virtually any environment.
 More opportunities for creativity
 Create a unique style for your company using Illustrator CS5, to attract attention. New application Flash Catalyst CS5 helps you to create on its basis the dynamic interactive interface without writing code.
 CREATING A DYNAMIC PROJECTS



 Engage users with dynamic microsites and games created in Flash Professional CS5. Create a single design for the projects to be placed in a variety of computers, mobile devices and browsers.
 VIDEO FOR ANY SCREEN
 Create more compelling footage in HD with Photoshop CS5 Extended and high-resolution graphics. After Effects CS5 allows for the most complex effects, and Adobe Premiere Pro CS5 makes the installation process easier and faster.

 The composition of Adobe ® Creative Suite ® 5 Design Premium includes all of the key design tools. They help to realize the most daring ideas, work with any medium to another and creating expressive designs for print, interactive applications and mobile devices. With this package you can create spectacular images and graphics design professional page layouts, design web sites based on standards, to produce unique, interactive content without writing code, and even convert the layout pages for viewing on the devices for reading electronic books.

 Software Adobe ® Creative Suite ® 5 Web Premium is a complete solution for creating websites and digital projects at the professional level of industry standards. Design and develop web content for virtually any environment with integrated tools Adobe Flash ® Platform.


Adobe Creative Suite 5 Master Collection