Dalton Fury was the senior ranking military official at the battle of Tora Bora in december 2001. As a delta force commander, he led 40 delta and 10 British special boat services (SBS) commando's, and about 50 support personnel, to hunt down and kill Usama Bin Laden. In Black Site, Dalton Fury draws on his hard won combat experiences and operational knowledge, in order to create Kolt "Racer" Raynor, an impetuous switched on and aggressive delta operator. The journey to becoming a delta team member is a long hard one, but the fall from hero to zero is rapid. That fall happens to Racer, when on a high risk mission to the badlands of Pakistan, he disobeys orders, which costs the live's of his teammates, and results in the downing of a rescue helicopter with a team of delta warriors aboard. He is booted from the unit and becomes persona non grata (PNG). He takes to heavy drinking and his life spirals out of control. He is given a 2nd chance to redeem himself, after delta learns that the team survived the crash and is being used as human shields for senior al-Qaeda and Taliban personnel from Reaper and Predator UAV drone attacks. The Pakistani government and the Intelligence Services (ISI) are unreliable. The U.S. is not allowed to send in a rescue team. Racer is sent in under deep cover alone to find the location of the missing team and bring back proof of life. In the process, he stumbles upon a plot by al-Qaeda to attack a "Black Site", where the U.S. with the help of some Pakistani special forces are running a joint interrogation operation for high value targets (HVT's). Black Site is a cover to cover non-stop edge of your seat action thriller. Dalton Fury's unique story telling ability, will put you in the middle of the action with Kolt. The action is so intense at times, I could feel my pulse rate increase. Throughout the book I had to remind myself that this was fiction. To this retired MSgt, the plot lines and action sequences are as close to real world as you can get. 