SKIDROW
the leading force

proudly presents
Transformers: Fall of Cybertron (c) Activision

23-08-2012....Release Date <-> Protection.............Steam + CEG
Action...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Transformers: Fall of Cybertron transports you to the final days of the
planet Cybertron where you will experience the darkest hours of the
apocalyptic war between the AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS. Embark on an
adrenaline-fueled journey through a wide range of missions and massive
environments designed around each characters unique abilities. With
the stakes higher than ever before, you play as a variety of
Transformers characters, including Grimlock's nearly indestructible
T-Rex form and the legendary Combaticons forming into the colossal
Bruticus. Fight through both sides of the Transformers most epic
battles leading to their legendary exodus from their homeworld.
Transformers: Fall of Cybertron allows you to go head-to-head as
AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS with its multi-player online mode. Create your
own personalized character and weaponry with the most advanced and
in-depth customization ever before seen in a Transformers video game.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


System Requirements:


OS: Windows┬« XP/Vista/7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.6 GHz or AMD Phenom X3 8750
Memory: 2 GB system RAM
Hard Disk Space: 8.4 GB Free Space
Video Card: GeForce 8800 GT series with 512 MB RAM or ATI Radeon HD 4850 with 
512 MB RAM
DirectX┬«: DirectX 9.0c or DirectX 10
Sound: DirectX compatible Sound card
Additional: Broadband connection and service required for Multiplayer 
Connectivity. Internet connection required for activation.


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/QooEC.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/slxXI.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/54kEG.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/THYm0.jpg


ENJOY!