Games : Windows : Full game : English 

About the Game

Killing Floor is a Co-op Survival Horror FPS set in the devastated cities and countryside of England after a series of cloning experiments for the military goes horribly wrong. You and your friends are members of the military dropped into these locations with a simple mission: Survive long enough to cleanse the area of the failed experiments!
Cooperative gameplay for up to six players against multiple waves of specimens
Persistent Perks system, allowing players to convert their in-game achievements into permanent improvements to their character's skills and abilities
Over 170 Steam Achievements, including Dignity for the dead for killing 10 enemies feeding on dead teammates' corpses and Hot Cross Fun for finishing off 25 burning enemies with a Crossbow
Slow-motion ZEDtime to better watch those crucial and violent creature deaths, even in multiplayer
Solo game mode for offline play
Ten different monster types trying to eat your face off, armed with everything from teeth and claws, to chainsaws, chain-guns and rocket-launchers
33+ weapons for the players to chose from, ranging from knives and fire-axes to pump shotguns, rifles and a flamethrower
Equip your team with welders, medical tools and body armor to help your odds of survival
Choose which Perks to play with to best balance out your co-op team against the horrors
Open, non-linear play areas: choose when and where to fight ΓÇö or run weld doors closed to direct the  monster horde down alternate corridors
Fully-configurable, allowing players to change the difficulty level, number of creature waves, or even set up their own favorite waves of monsters 

PC System Requirements

    Recommended:
        OS: Windows XP / Vista / 7
        Processor: 2.4 GHZ or Equivalent
        Memory: 1 GB RAM
        Graphics: 128 MB DX9 Compliant with PS 2.0 support
        Hard Drive: 5 GB free hard drive space
        Sound: Eax Compatible

NOTES:
	
This version of game is 1.0.3.7 FIX ,playable Online on Private (Cracked) servers or Single Player (Solo).
On "Multiplayer" menu  you'll   find on Favorites Tab up to 60 servers 
added by me manually .
Just click on "Refresh List" and choose server to play online.
Feel free to add more servers or delete some servers from favorites.

On this version of game you cannot change name from console !!! 
In KillingFloor folder ,open rev.ini with notepad ,find line "PlayerName=nosteam.ro" and change nosteam.ro with your name !!!!


Perks = working *(read note below)
Achievements = working *(read note below)

*NOTE ABOUT PERKS - ACHIEVEMENTS:
You must play solo first to make some Perks and Achievements to play online with them because you cannot acquire nothing online if you are not a Legit Player but you can use perks on multiplayer servers. 


How to install:
After download is done:
- open (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done
- play game from desktop shortcut.

More info and support here:
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=9.msg9#msg9

If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .