Splash PRO EX 

Splash PRO EX combines all the features of Splash PRO with easy and fast exporting of videos to popular devices, Facebook, YouTube™ and more...
 
Designed and optimized for HD!
 Play and convert all your High Definition movies and camcorder clips, incredibly fast, smooth and without problems. You don't need any additional codecs. Download, install, watch, convert and share. It takes about one second to start application and High Definition video playback!  
 
Converting videos with style! 
Enjoy the ultimate performance and stylish user interface. Select one of many predefined profiles and push a button to export your clips easily and fast to popular formats, your favorite multimedia devices, Facebook or YouTube™ . Save energy and time choosing optimized and hardware accelerated video exporting with Splash PRO EX. 

Fast and easy cutting 
and merging of HD videos! (*)
 Splash PRO EX advanced exporting view allows you to convert multiple HD clips simply and fast. You can also create HD video compilations from multiple source clips from which you can remove unwanted parts. 
(*) This feature will be available soon in free Splash PRO EX update.
 
Picture² - just stunning video quality! 
Advanced picture post-processing engine, delivering stunning video quality. Watch standard and high definition videos like never before, enjoy smooth motion, crisp details and vivid colors. 
Download free trial of Splash PRO EX now and use Demo Mode to see the difference! 

System Requirements:
 

MINIMUM

 SD Video. 


OPERATING SYSTEM: Windows® XP(SP3), Windows Vista®, Windows 7, Windows 8 
DirectX® and latest graphics card drivers 
RAM MEMORY: 512MB 
HARD DISK SPACE: 50MB 
Graphics Card: Video Overlay support or DirectX® 9.0c compatible graphics card 
Sound Card: DirectX® compatible 
SPDIF/HDMI output required for audio bitstreaming 
CPU: Intel® Celeron® 1.4GHz or equivalent processor(SSE2 required) 
Display: Monitor: 59/60Hz, resolution: 800x600 or higher 

Homepage: http://www.mirillis.com/en/products/splashexport.html
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application with any name.
3. Done, Enjoy