

Release Description:
Part of the Group for Specialized Tactics, a Special Mission Unit under the direct command of the Joint Special Operations Command, the elite of the modern US Special Forces is better known by their battlefield legend. They are the untraceable soldiers called the Ghosts. Only the best of the best, soldiers with a unique mix of skills on and off the battlefield, ever get to wear the coveted Ghost insignia. In the near future, four of these elite soldiers serve as the tip of the spear in a hidden war raging across the globe. But even as Ghost Lead, Pepper, 30K, and Kozak accomplish their objectives, they discover the threat they face is greater than they ever imagined — one that could alter the international balance of power forever.

Providing yet another new direction in the Ghost Recon series of military games, Ghost Recon: Future Soldier promises to go beyond the core Ghost Recon franchise and deliver a fresh gameplay experience. The game features cutting-edge technology, prototype high-tech weaponry, and state-of-the-art single-player and multiplayer modes.


Features:

Elite among the elite, you don’t apply to join the Ghosts. They find you. In the role of Sergeant John Kozak, a new squad member, fight alongside three veteran operators in a character-focused storyline.
Your team takes the battle to 8 spectacular locales, from the heat and dust of Africa to the Arctic Circle.
Become the ultimate “quiet professional”, with unique stealth kills & brutal close-combat moves. Deploy with cutting-edge, authentic military tech, including more than 50 weapons. Perform highly-coordinated takedowns and devastating large-scale strikes utilizing multiple viewpoints.
Activate the Cross-com, the ultimate squad battlefield tool, to coordinate attacks and multiply your striking power.
Play through the 14 campaign missions with up to three friends.
Intel and teamwork are at the core of this innovative Multiplayer experience: Try to sneak behind your enemy and use the Data Mugging to steal info about hostile positions, giving your team a decisive advantage. Put your plan in action with the new coordination tools. Share your next objectives with your teammates without saying a word.
Select from three classes (Rifleman, Engineer and Scout) and unlock new gear to battle online across 10 maps.
Four game modes, including new exclusives and GR’s classic Siege.
The Gunsmith customization mode lets you choose from dozens of attachments and components. Replace triggers, barrels, stocks and much more to trick out your weapon and make it your own


[img]http://i.imgur.com/BUPhh.png[/img]

Enjoy...

Works Great For Me...

[img]http://i.imgur.com/lT7zT.gif[/img]