Year : 2011


Genre : Action / 3D / 3rd Person / Stealth

Developer : Rocksteady Studios

Publisher : Warner Bros Interactive

Code disc : BLUS30538

Publication Type : license

Location : USA
Firmware : 3.55 Kmeaw
Starting from: Internal HDD 3.55 Kmeaw


Installation:

1. copy the game 
2. install Patch 1 and 2 
3. play.

Installing DLC:

1. set any of the DLC. 
2. install all DLC fixes.(Install ALL DLC FIX) 
3. If adding DLC zanogo put (Install ALL DLC FIX) 
4. run the game through MultiMan.
It is important to:
1. need to play the disc in the drive
2.If asked to update the game to the 3.70 EBOOT and zament param.sfo from your DLC

Problem with sound and black screen:

Instruction for treatment of this bug: 
1) after copying games to internal HDD to run it and wait until the game installs 

the game data, and then restart the PS3; 

2) then run the game, and, for some unknown reasons, he again starts to install 
game data. Once installed, your game will perfectly work with internal HDD. 
P.S. If this does not happen, in the settings mul′timana select Fix Permission (like in English is correct permissions), and then restart the game.




ALL DLC:


1: The Dark Knight.

 In the spectacular fights Batman would use as otočennye to perfection, and new tricks and abilities. Life in Arkham City is a ferocious battle in the streets, intense spy missions, exciting, epic battle with superzlodeâmi, in which Batman's identity may be revealed from an unexpected quarter. 


2: Cat games. 

Another playable character "Batman: Arkham City" will be a charming cat. 

Have a great supergeroini will own history closely intertwining with pohozhdeniyami Batman, and its skill, fighting techniques and equipment will give everyone a brand new thrill of the game. 


3:One against many.

 This time will be perfectly organized against Batman and skilled opponents, who are trained to use heavy weapons attack groups and attacking from all directions. However, and man-bat difficult: he now owns twice as many fighting techniques, 


attacks, counterattacks and sokrušaûŝih. 

4:New gadgets.

 Along with the familiar wonders of technology before Batman would be an entirely new device, such as a decoder (Cryptographic Sequencer) and smoke grenades (Smoke Pellets), significantly extending the range of his supersposobnostej. 

4:Golden pen

. The story "Batman: Arkham city is five-time Emmy award-winning writer Paul Dini (Paul Dini). From his pen came out captivating story unfolding in a terrible and wonderful location. After the closure of the hospital Arkham and prison Blekgejt new mayor of Gotham City to distinguish ordered a closed zone, comprising both industrial and historical quarters. It was called the Arkham city. 


5:They need to know in person. 


Players will meet many heroes and villains from the universe of man-bat. Among them are Two-faced, Harley Quinn, Penguin, Hugo strange, Victor Zsasz, Calendar Man, Joker, Riddler, and many others. 


6:Guest stars

. The main heroes of the game, Batman and Joker, gave their vote to Hollywood stars Mark Hamill, a famous artist of the Jedi Luke Skywalker, and Kevin Conroy Batman animated series the proud of the many. 
