System Speed ​​Booster - a safe set of powerful tools that are used to fine-tuning of the operating systems Windows. The program can optimize the performance of an entire operating system as well as a specific application by changing the large number of settings and options (including hidden, that is not available in the usual way), and find errors that can be removed by pressing a single button, has a neat and easy to-use interface. With this program you can learn the technical details of his personal computer and control settings, and much easier and user-friendly features. The program is able to optimize your computer and keep it at peak performance, and protect your personal information. 

System Speed ​​Booster offers quantity of functions to scan your registry and return the result with corrupt, harmful registry entries, files and problems, which you can fix by a click of the Cure button on the neat and easy-to-use interface. With many bells and whistles offered by System Speed ​​Booster, you can enjoy more fascinating features just with this FREE and space-saved application installed on your computer.System Speed ​​Booster is extremely easy to install and to operate. There is no requirement for any register or any identity information of users. The navigation gives you a clear way to master all its features, including the scanning, curing, and other utilities. As an advanced registry cleaner, System Speed ​​Booster can perfectly cope with the registry clean, privacy sweep, junk files removal and system optimization at a time. Specifically, System Speed ​​Booster focuses on the scanning of the junked registry entries, individual online histories, obsolete harmful files, and removing of hard drive trashes, repairing of system errors. In this way, System Speed ​​Booster is capable to optimize your computer and keep it at the peak performance, as well as to protect your personal information. In addition, System Speed ​​Booster gives plenty of free charming utilities, such as Disk Cleaner, System Information, Auto Shutdown, etc., With which you can learn the technical information of your computer and control the settings and enjoy other easy and convenient features. 
