" Architects of Light and Secrets of the Indigo Children Workshop & Handbook-  Two workshops recorded on 4/7-8/2000 NYC. Architects of Light-Healing-The Art of Relationship in the New Millennium. Becoming a force of Enlightened Evolution, Transpersonal Healing and Holistic Love. Coming into the Light-Secrets of the Indigo Children. First release of security clearance information on the contemporary "Indigo Children" phenomenon. Who ARE the Indigo Children? True nature of the Indigo Children. DNA Template realities. Medical and Psychiatric Misdiagnosis of Indigos and needed intervention. History and Heritage of Indigo's.  Three Primary Types of Indigos. "



The first section of this workshop is more experiential in nature: understanding and practising energy sensing, visualisation and the creative power of thought.
The second section provides a context for understanding who and what the Indigo Children are, their historical significance and why so many Indigos have incarnated here at this time. The term 'Indigo Child' refers to both young children AND adults.. An awareness of the Indigo phenomenon can be of assistance not only in ascertaining one's own life purpose, but also equips one to be of genuine service to others who carry this genetic imprint. The accompanying handbook contains all charts and summaries used in the workshop.

Included in the topics that are discussed in these materials are the following:

There are 3 types of Indigos: Their purposes include:

Type 1: Planetary grid work projects

Type 2: To bring back the 12-strand potential

Type 3: To help solve the polarity imbalances of the races

The genetic code of the Indigo is the key to their purpose. The gene code is more than what appears to be DNA on the 3-dimensional level. Scientists use term DNA to mean the core blueprint of the human gene code but what they are calling DNA is really a chemical translation of only a small portion of the core blueprint or "template". Understanding the nature of our DNA brings us understanding about the relationship between our bodies, minds and spirits. The Indigos are bringing back the knowledge of our genetic heritage. To understand Indigos, we need to understand the ascension process. The experience of matter is built on a core of consciousness. Core consciousness involves Fire Letters or scalar wave patterns that, when activated within the DNA, allow the body to turn to light, allowing particle and anti-particle to fuse and turn into 'fire' and transmute from one dimension to the next. Distortions in the Fire Letters leads to distortions in the DNA. Because of distortions, only 3 of the 12 DNA strands representing the 12-dimensions of Ourselves are currently active. The history of our Earth Races is a history of "bio-spiritual evolution". Indigos are both ancient and future races. Indigos and Humans are part of what are called "Guardian Races".

About 99% of autistic children are Indigo 3's. Autism occurs when the non-Christiac Being within the Indigo 3 person tries to take over the Christiac Being (Oraphim), shutting it down and freezing the person's ability to communicate. This results in the personality going into terror. An "inner war" is going on inside on an unconscious level. Sudden Infant Death Syndrome: A lot of these infants are Indigo children. The child Being finds a way OUT because they realise they're not going to be able to activate the gene code the way they had intended, and not going to be able to do what they came to do. So they leave and look for another body as quickly as possible. Indigos often have asthma and jaundice as infants and often have spleen problems because the body is not quite ready to handle that level of frequency. At an early age, Indigos will have bleed-through from Parallel Earth because they have 2 sets of memories running concurrently. They might also be birthing with a lot of incarnational memory running before they open their eyes or before they talk. Authority is an issue for Indigos, because they have a higher authority, their connection to Source, and if you try to violate that they are going to push back. Experiences of Indigo Children on drug therapy.

Angelic consciousness is really between Dimensions 6 and 9. Both terms ET and angel can be misleading and set you up for manipulation. Our stellar heritage and the fact that all Humans and Indigos possess ET genes. Holism: a way of using our minds that is from a higher level of consciousness and that will change things that go on 'out here'. If we want to heal our world, we need to learn to use our minds differently. What we perceive as light here is something that has an oscillation rate that's faster than that of our own. Imagining light: we are imagining wave patterns of higher frequency. When we do visualisations, when we use our minds creatively inside, we are creating literal manifestation patterns by using the core of creation which is scalar waves. We are directing them with Light. Connection between heart chakra and astral body. Ways of having intimacy without doing harm to ourselves/ while still protecting the integrity of our own bio-fields. Importance of doing Maharic Seal before any energy work. Energy sensing. Learning to sense each other as energy/ seeing beyond the illusions. Sensing energy signatures. Meditation: finding our Sirian (6th Dimensional) Selves.

Enjoy.

legionnet@cyber-rights.net
for intel and data exchange. 
we are legion. we are many
we are here.
