Ander


Roberto Castón
Spain
Basque, Spanish
2009
Drama 
131min
Eriz Alberdi, Joxean Bengoetxea, Christian Esquivel, Jose Kruz Gurrutxaga, Juancho Kerejeta, Unax Martín, Pedro Otaegi, Pako Revueltas, Mamen Rivera, Pilar Rodríguez, Leire Ucha

Este poderoso drama romântico conta a estória da relação entre um camponês basco quarentão, Ander (Joxean Bengoetxea), e um jovem imigrante peruano, José (Christian Esquivel). Ander leva uma vida rotineira, cuidando de seu pedaço de terra, onde vive com a mãe e a irmã, e trabalhando como operário numa fábrica de bicicletas. Certo dia, ele sofre um acidente e quebra a perna. Contra a vontade da mãe, a família contrata um jovem peruano para tocar as tarefas caseiras. A presença de José muda o ritmo do lugar e muda principalmente a vida de Ander, que passa a ter sentimentos até então desconhecidos, o que provoca conflitos internos. Suas relações com Peio, o melhor amigo, e com Reme, a prostituta da comarca, também tomam novos rumos com a chegada de José e levam Ander a tomar uma posição.

The valley of Arratia in August 1999. Ander, a farmer well into his forties, lives with his sister Arantxa and his old mother in a remote part of rural Basque country. His is a monotonous life filled with nothing but farm work and a job at the local bicycle factory. It won't be long before Arantxa gets married and leaves home and then Ander will be left to look after their stubborn mother on his own. Then one day Ander has an accident and breaks his leg. His limb will be in a plaster cast for two months. Against his mother's wishes, the family decides to employ a Peruvian immigrant, José, in order to help out. The arrival of the new farm hand has an influence on interpersonal relationships within the family. The old woman, who barely speaks any Spanish, refuses to communicate with José, but Arantxa and Ander soon get to know José quite well. The two men in particular become firm friends. After attending Arantxa's fiancés' stag night the men both wind up having sex with a prostitute, Reme. Reme is from Galicia. She is a single mother and very much an outsider, which means that she and José quickly bond. Without realising it, Ander also begins to seek out José's company more often. When he invites José to Arantxa's wedding this leads to a serious clash with his mother. And then, at a completely unexpected moment, a sexual encounter occurs between the two men...

Ander es una película sobre la vida rural vasca. Un día, el personaje principal, se rompe una pierna y, contra su voluntad, su hermana y su madre deciden contratar a un joven peruano para que lo reemplace en el trabajo del campo. La llegada del inmigrante (Christian Esquivel) trastoca la vida de Ander (Joxean Bengoetxea), especialmente porque empieza a generarle sentimientos y emociones que prefiere no aceptar. 
