If Tomorrow Comes (1986) DVDR(xvid) NL Subs DMT
Verenigde Staten
Drama / Misdaad
304 minuten (miniserie, 3 delen)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090455/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/36977

geregisseerd door Jerry London
met Madolyn Smith-Osborne, Tom Berenger en David Keith

Tracy Whitney (Madolyn Smith) is een eenvoudig, naïef meisje dat verliefd is op een jongeman uit 
een invloedrijke familie. De familieleden zien echter niets in hun relatie. Tracy wordt beschuldigd 
van een misdaad die zij niet heeft begaan en komt onschuldig in de gevangenis terecht. Na haar 
vrijlating gaat zij op pad om wraak te nemen op degenen die haar er destijds hebben ingeluisd.

This mini-series focuses on two people, Tracy Whitney and Jeff Stevens. In the beginning, Tracy was 
an innocent, who was in love and pregnant, with the son of an affluent family. Obviously her family 
did not approve of her. She would sent to prison for a crime she didn't commit. Eventually, she got 
released. She then set out to get back at the people who framed her. She would try to rebuild her life 
but her prison record would always be a hindrance. She would be offered a job, stealing jewelry. Jeff 
is con-man who thought he found true love, but when he learned that his wife did not feel about him 
as he did, decided to con some of her friends and divorce her. Their paths would cross when Tracy 
after stealing what she was contracted to, meets up with some policemen, one of whom is Jeff. 
Apparently her boss tried to double cross her but she manages to outwit them. Later she meets 
Gunther Hartog, who trains her to be an international jewel thief and con-artist. She would again 
meet Jeff and they would team up. Hot on their trail is Daniel Cooper an insurance investigator, 
who after a childhood trauma is also a psychotic.

Source: 2 x DVD5 Retail
Size: 3.94 GB (3 x avi)
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Width & Heights:  720 x 528
Frames/s: 25.000 Fps
Audio:  English
Audio Code: mp3
Bitrate: 128  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre:  Drama / Misdaad

Deze review wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER