Abraham-Hicks EG EP01 The Leading Edge Manifestation Intensive 4DVD vob

For DVDRip, sound track in MP3 and for more of Abraham-Hicks Torrents see webpage at: 
http://koti.welho.com/walkusko/Abraham-Hicks_Torrents/ 

The Leading Edge Manifestation Intensive - Emotional Grid (EG) Series - Episode One (4 DVD Set). It was recorded in Asheville, NC on 09-27-2011 and 09-28-2011.

Note: This is  5 hours of the 8 that has been shared in the torrent named "Abraham-Hicks 2011-09-27 Video+mp3 LIVE 8-hr Broadcast", which was recorded from Video On Demand. Sound tracks are included in that torrent as MP3 files. The video quality of DVD is much better, since it is 16 GB for 5 hours instead of 2 GB for 8.

This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Sharing Community. Our intention as a Community is to help one another to get all of the AbrahamΓÇÖs material, particularly the latest. We as a group and as individuals buy it and share it, in any way we can (mainly via Torrents, SugarSync, WeTransfer)... 

Members of this Sharing Google Group, can receive group emails about new material and about new developments of common interest. If you share our intention you can be in touch with me by E-mail: Artofallowing20@gmail.com 

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!


The Leading Edge Manifestation Intensive - Emotional Grid Series - Episode One (4 DVD Set) 
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/product/DVD-LEMI.html
Total Running Time 5 hours

DVD 1
What's It All About?
Conjuring the Response You Want
The Secret to Instant Manifestation
Creativity, Brilliance, and Understanding
Getting Good at Responding to Life
Using Your Power of Influence
The Art of Manifesting Business

DVD 2
Cultivating Brilliant Moments
Resonating With Abundance
Allowing What Is Here
Creating Real Estate and Relationships
You Can Have Eternal Delicious Creation

DVD 3
Language of Emotion
Building a Manifestation Grid
Attracting the Perfect Lover
Co-Creating with Non-Physical
Expanding Vibrational Awareness
An Avalanche of Manifestation
Faith is knowing what Source knows
What You Call Negativity Is Blessed Guidance

DVD 4
Playing Sports in the Zone
Being Emotionally Available to Source
Aligning With a Peaceful Death
All Manifestation Is Based on Emotion
How to Become a Genius
Creating the Perfect Career
Creating the Ideal Body Weight
The Power of Manifestation
Abraham's Rampage of Manifestation


Abraham, Jerry and Esther Hicks 
http://www.abraham-hicks.com/lawofattractionsource/index.php


