Larry Coryell Organ Trio - Impressions

This smoking organ trio recording is both a first for guitarist Larry Coryell and a return to his roots. More than 40 years after moving to New York City from Seattle, Coryell comes full circle back to his roots with this inspired organ trio outing. And in the stellar company of Yahel and Wertico, he is pushed to some exhilarating heights on these nine tracks.

Tracklisting:
01. Very Early (7.08)
02. Stowaway (6.15)
03. Come Rain Or Come Shine (6.55)
04. Embraceable You (7.32)
05. Cariba (6.05)
06. Impressions (5.58)
07. Szabodar (5.19)
08. Full Moon Over Istanbul (3.16)
09. Centerpriece (7.25)

Personnel:
- Larry Coryell - Electric Guitar
- Paul Wertico - Drums
- Sam Yahel - Hammond B-3 Organ

Recorded at St. Peter's Episcopal Church, New York City, 2008.

Chesky Records, SACD337.


----------
Review by John Fordham/The Guardian
Larry Coryell's name isn't bandied around much now, but in the 1970s he was almost as big a guitar star as John McLaughlin, and an equivalent influence on the development of early electric jazz-rock fusion. But this is not just another cosy retro exercise. 

Coryell's crackling uptempo bursts and engagingly rough-hewn energy give this familiar music a vividness and infectious enthusiasm, and the powerful presence of sometime Bill Frisell and Norah Jones sideman Sam Yahel on Hammond organ and former Pat Metheny drummer Paul Wertico adds a lot more of that. 

The early tracks are mostly classics, but Coryell's original Szabador and Wertico's Full Moon Over Istanbul are memorable and unusual enough to suggest that the group could have scattered its own music a little more confidently through the programme. Coryell's own stealthily bluesy groover Stowaway is full of Wes Montgomery flourishes, and Yahel builds his solos with a compelling deliberation tentatively introducing fresh phrases and then igniting them, segueing flying runs into murmurs, and generally avoiding familiar Hammond organ licks. Wertico's brutal, pummelling drum solo in Coryell's fizzing Szabodar (a tribute to the late Hungarian guitarist Gabor Szabo) would also never have been heard the same way on a 1960s bop set. 
It's good to hear Coryell on top of his game.

----------
MP3 format. 320 kbit/s. All songs are tagged by the book.

If you encounter errors during the file sharing, please, place this material as close to the root of the hard disk as possible and restart the file sharing (e.g. as close as possible to C: in Windows). This is in order to make the path (drive, directory and filename) as short as possible. Operating systems have limits regarding how long a path including the filename can be, and if this limit is exceeded there will be errors.

----------