King Devil - King Devil (2012)

At the start of 2010 Joe Fraley was recovering from a nervous breakdown. He had been playing with the band Klum for 8 years which produced two albums, Victory All My Life and We Carelessly Turned Amazingly Into Nothing. As a way to test new material, Joe started playing acoustic shows around Los Angeles. He brought the songs to fellow member and lead singer of Klum, Brock Flores. They both talked with Vin O, an old friend of Joe's who has played Bass and Guitar in many different bands playing all over Los Angeles, including a short stint with Klum. The three had a few jam sessions and then they brought in Aaron Vishria on drums who had played with Klum at a different time then Vin O. The four played for a few weeks together and started structuring songs. Then one day, Joe brought in his then girlfriend's sister Melissa Bell. Her angelic voice brought a nice contrast to the brash vocals of Fraley.

The band played their first show at the Old Towne Pub in Pasadena to an enthusiastic crowd, more shows followed at Molly Malones, Bordello, Troubadour, Bootleg Theater, The Satellite (Spaceland) and more.

During this time the band started recording their Debut Album. The album was recorded over a two year span and a very trialing time. Joe and Vin O had suggested that calling the band "King Devil" was a bad idea cause something was out to get them. The majority of the album was recorded at Joe's house. Additional parts were recorded at Brock Flores' house and drums at Ben Eggehorn's Studio. It was mixed and mastered by Ben Eggehorn and Joe Fraley at Ben's Studio.

After recording the album, Brock Flores is now concentrating on his project Badger the Badger along with Vin O and Joe Fraley

In 2012 S A Bach of The Middle Initials and Oh Yeah the Future, started playing guitars, keys and vocals

The debut self titled album and video to "We Can Take 'Em On" was released on 6-6-2012.

Other wonderful musicians that contributed to making the album are Kenny Wood(Klum), Alina Cutrono(Body Parts), Marié Ishikawa (TMI), Allie Bach (The Bachs), Brittnay Pandzic.