The Machine Girl (2008) DVDR(xvid) NL Subs DMT
Originele titel: Kataude Mashin Gâru
Alternatieve titels: The Machine Girl, The One-Armed Machine Girl
Japan / Verenigde Staten
Actie / Horror
96 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1050160/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/45430

geregisseerd door Noboru Iguchi
met Asami, Demo Tanaka en Minase Yashiro

Het schoolmeisje Ami besluit om wraak te nemen op een bende vechtersbazen die verantwoordelijk 
is voor de dood van haar broertje. Ze wordt echter gevangen genomen door de gangsters die haar 
martelen en haar arm afhakken. Met behulp van een handige automonteur vervangt ze haar 
afgehakte arm door een machinegeweer en gaat ze achter de misdadigers aan.

Ami is a typical college girl. She's bright, friendly, popular and athletic, with nothing to set her apart 
from other girls her age other than the fact that she is an orphan, left to care for her younger brother 
after her father committed suicide after being falsely accused of murder. But while there is tragedy in 
their past, the siblings' future looks good, except for one thing. Ami's brother has racked up a 
considerable debt to another boy at school, and that boy just happens to be the heir to a clan of 
vicious ninja-yakuza. Ami's brother can't pay, violence breaks out and in the course of trying to 
avenge her brother, Ami is captured by the clan. They torture her and hack her arm right off. Ami 
escapes, barely alive, and is taken in by the owners of a machine shop who build her a customized, 
bullet-spewing arm. From that point, the quest for revenge is on in earnest.

Source: DVD Retail
Size: 799 MB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1149 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  704 x 400
Frames/s: 23.976 Fps
Audio:  Japanese
Audio Code: mp3
Bitrate: 192  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 
Vertaling: schoffel: dank je wel!

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken)
Genre:  Actie / Horror

WAARSCHUWING: DEZE FILM IS ERG BLOEDERIG

Deze review wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER

