Call of Duty Black Ops II Game Fix Repack (PC)

Release Date: Nov 17 2012

-------------------------------------INFO------------------------------------------

I have put together a fix for the call of duty black ops II with all different files from various files from all the different fixes that were out there and used only the files that would make the game load.

I spent a few hours putting this all together and tested it many times to make sure it worked, this was tested on the SKIDROW release of the game and on Windows 7 64 bit operating system, i started from scratch and re-installed the game and added all the stuff after the install and the game loaded everytime and no time change on your pc is needed.

Hope you enjoy this and there might be some pc's that this might not work but is worth a try.

------------------------------------INSTALL: --------------------------------------


1. Make sure you have the game installed first without any game fixes in it already a fresh install of the game would be suggested.

2. Unpack the files with winrar or equal program.

3. Now go into the Call of Duty Black Ops II Game Fix Repack folder and use the SteamInstall.exe file to install steam on your pc, and once done the first part of the install you can let it update after that as it will do this as soon as you hit the finish button or you can cancel the update right away but hitting the cancel button.

4. If you canceled the update part then in the Call of Duty Black Ops II Game Fix Repack folder copy the whole steam folder i provided as that is the update also over to were steam is installed on your pc which would be C:Program Files (x86) for 64 bit version of windows and C:Program Files for 32 bit versions of windows and you should see the steam folder in there and copy the whole steam folder merging folders and copy files and overwriting any existing files.

5. Then copy from the Call of Duty Black Ops II Game Fix Repack folder all the rest of the files except the steam folder and the SteamInstall.exe as you don't need them and copy the rest of the files to were your game is installed and overwrite any existing files.

6. Now before you start the game block the game exe files, the t6mp.exe, t6sp.exe and the t6zm.exe file in your firewall, and DO NOT start STEAM just leave it closed and then start the game.

7. Enjoy the game!