Outpost Firewall Pro 7.5.3 3941.604.1810.488 Final (x86/x64) | 38/46 MB

Outpost Firewall Pro provides the first line of defense against malicious software by proactively controlling how programs behave and interact on a PC and preventing security breaches. The Host Protection module proactively monitors for and blocks sophisticated hacking techniques used to compromise or steal data. By analyzing threats and displaying actionable alerts, Host Protection blocks zero-day attacks and other unauthorized activities, providing advanced protection against botnets, rootkits and inadvertent data disclosure.

This latest version extends the range of monitored events and operations for even greater and more customizable protection. Outpost excels in all currently-known leaktests, with additional focus on keylogger-like activities.

The two-way firewall monitors your computer’s inbound and outbound connections and prevents local and remote unauthorized network access. It conceals access ports, making your presence on the Internet invisible. The Ethernet Protection module guards your network connections and prevents insider attacks by controlling the transmission of data over the network. This eliminates the potential risk for data such as chat windows or authenticated browser sessions to be delivered to the wrong destination or intercepted while in transit. The firewall controls which programs are allowed to access the Internet, proactively protecting your PC against both zero-day threats and malware attempts to ”phone home”.

Features:

» Preemptive threat protection
» Self-protection
» Essential spyware protection
» Connection security
» Application access control
» Comprehensive coverage
» Intrusion protection
» Unsafe web site access restriction
» IP Blocklist keeps surfing clean
» Safe repository for personal data
» Ad-free, anonymous surfing
» Network activity monitoring
» Password-protection, multiple configuration profiles
» Better manageable events logs
» IPv6 support
» Driver certification and latest Windows platforms compatibility
» Adaptive firewall rules
» Entertainment mode for uninterrupted gameplay and video viewing
» Auto-learning mode
» Automatic configuration
» ImproveNet delivers more ready-made configurations
» SmartAdvisor - instant, context-sensitive help
» Hands-free updates
» Analysis of digital signatures

OS : Win XP/2000/Vista/Win 7
Language : Multilingual

Home Page - http://www.agnitum.com/