In the near future, a Virtual Reality Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (VRMMORPG) called Sword Art Online has been released where players control their avatars with their bodies using a piece of technology called: Nerve Gear. One day, players discover they cannot log out, as the game creator is holding them captive unless they reach the 100th floor of the game's tower and defeat the final boss. However, if they die in the game, they die in real life. Their struggle for survival starts now...



Included in this torrent is:


-The Sword Art Online Anime

Audio: Japanese

Video: 1280x720 .mkv format

Subtitles: English (Crunchy Roll)

Genre: Action, Adventure, Romance, Science fantasy

Original run: July 7, 2012 ΓÇô December 22, 2012

Episodes: 25 (all episodes are properly labelled with episode names and numbers)

As a side note, Episodes 6,7, and 9 ARE indeed Crunchyroll subs, for those of you who downloaded Horriblesubs copy of Crunchyroll subs to find that these specific episodes weren't crunchy at all, I did some hunting for you and found the proper videos.

My thanks to Horriblesubs for making it easy to get a copy of most of the episodes with Crunchy Subs and also to k1ng_ruLz for seeding a copy of the [CR] videos that were missing from horriblesubs library.




- Sword Art Online Light Novels that follow the anime + Reading Guide

Extra - Sword Art Online Progressive - Aria in the Starless Night (Aincrad 1st Floor, December 2022)

Sword Art Online Volume 1 - Aincrad

Sword Art Online Volume 2 - Aincrad

Sword Art Online Volume 3 - Fairy Dance

Sword Art Online Volume 4 - Fairy Dance

Sword Art Online Volume 8 - Early and Late


I have constructed and included a Reading Guide for the Light novels: Volumes 1,2, 8, and Progressive - Aria in the Starless Night.

This reading guide will show you how to navigate the pieces of the story that is Sword Art Online. By following this guide you will have the full enjoyment of reading Sword Art Online chronologically and ΓÇ£as it happensΓÇ¥. When SAO was first written, it was written telling the end of the story first (Volume 1) and then as time went by; the author wrote the middle (Volumes: 2 & 8) and beginning parts (Volumes: Progressive - Aria in the Starless Night & 8). So the story has many pieces, but they do all fit together, and putting them together is the purpose of this reading guide. 

My first time reading the SAO novels I peeked through them to find the date stamps and read them in the order that this guide now suggests and I found it to be an extremely enjoyable experience. I was able to appreciate the story in a cohesive way rather than reading it in a somewhat disjointed way because of all the pieces being out of order. In my opinion, it is better to read the story this way. The Sword Art Online Volumes: Progressive ΓÇô Aria in the Starless Night, 1, 2, and 8 all work together to set the foundation for the novels that come after.




Also Included is the Light Novels that continue the story after the anime:

Sword Art Online Volume 5 - Phantom Bullet

Sword Art Online Volume 6 - Phantom Bullet

Sword Art Online Volume 7 - Mothers Rosario

Sword Art Online Volume 9 - Alicization Beginning

Sword Art Online Volume 10 - Alicization Running




As well as several other Light Novels centered around the series:

Extra - Sword Art Online - Sound of Water, Sound of Hammer (Aincrad 48th Floor August 2024)

Extra - Sword Art Online Gaiden X2 - There is but One Ultimate Way (Alicization spoilers)

Extra - Sword Art Online Material Edition Compilation

Extra - Sword Art Online Versus - Accel World Crossover


My thanks to dhod4ever for seeding a great torrent containing these novels.



Enjoy :)

