Description
This Deluxe edition will send you 50 coins for your first account in game. 
Heroes Land is a fun and addictive "massively multiplayer online game" from EG Friends. 

Chapter 3. Deterioration of Conflict

You are on an ancient continent, where both God and the Devil lived long long ago. However, the Devil did evil tricks and high up in the Holy Mountain where God lived he cast an evil spell to put God into a deep sleep so he could rule the continent in darkness for thousands of years. 
More than a hundred years ago all species on this continent united and formed a Holy Alliance against the dark rule of the Devil. A war ensued called The Glory Revolution lasting over 40 years. The Devil was defeated and the darkness ended 80 years ago freeing all species from the DevilΓÇÖs govern. Decades of fighting, however, had brought this continent blood and death, and the Holy Alliance crumbled later. The survived evil army hide in the shadows, and soon the Holy Mountain began to revive itself. This angered the Devil and he began 
It was said that a new Devil is now summoning his dark forces once again in an attempt to plot his revenge to the continent. Dark soldiers have been sent everywhere to spy on towns and their people taking them captive or manipulating them to his will. The people of the land are getting nervous. 

King Karlman III, heir of the King Karlman who was the leader of Human Alliance in the Revolution age, summoned a unite conference of all kingdoms and demanded rebuild of Holy Alliance. However, the conference ended with no result thanks to his arrogance and stupidness. After that, each of the lords showed their ambitions wanting to control the future huge power. Wars began to commence for this title of leader of the new alliance. 

Those human lords seemed to lose themselves in the eager to power and forgot whatΓÇÖs more important. Elves from the forests decided to help this inferior race and keep their words that they will fight with human-being when the Devil returns.

Now the chase of power has become a serious conflict, lords with ambitions have formed many small allies and are eager to show their strength and win the power. War is coming, so are you.
What's new in Version 1.4.1
Senior Vice is introduced;
Alliance President can be given to other member;
Build as many towns as you wish;
You can delete a town now;
Market tax dropped to 3%;
Hero can take more population out;
Fixed estimated arriving time;
Dryad takes 1 population;
Reform of the alliance level, and members can contribute to alliance upgrade;
Alliance rank system;
Vocation mode, you can freeze your account while out for business or vocation;
