Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                 
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and five photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?i60jkzotzbp7oa6wua5cpq1e4wb8  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?upxvmepwxau8lc2zg48zouv5w90r  clothed 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?uc2sorqml3l9vfiedxfhpuygaj4r  naked 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zbqyyudnsuakyf15sehshlnghvr   sitting 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?m5g3ufuns56h7ddc135vx8acia    vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?1yiu0jmyabjve539jknwh2d6vbl6  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wdptm92ohhfmwpxjkpicz35b4x    vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?k8k3mybdimrgsfwjh8u3p582psq   vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?flpzt02e8drph5rx0e83gw7oyw    vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?kn4x91fjarbow6yb74knkcpbygx   vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments:  Hello everyone. My name is Summer and I enjoy long walks and real people. I am 19 years old. I am currently double majoring in International Business and Public Relations and have a minor in Spanish. Currently I am training to get my pilot's license and will be receiving this in the next month or two. Afterwards I plan on getting two more pilot license in order to fly commercially or fly in food into 3rd world countries. I love the sky and the sky is my playground. Every two weeks on top of flying a plane I am jumping out of them. I have two more jumps until I can be a certified sky diver. Recently I have joined a child fund where I am helping a six year old girl in the Philippines. Every week I send her balloons and coloring books in order to cheer up her day when she receives them. I told her, "Once you turn 18 years old I will send you to college". I do not wish to have children of my own because I believe that there are so many children out there in the world suffering and alone that I would rather help them. I also wish to adopt a son at the age of three. As you can tell I am huge with charities and helping others. I believe that if you have the mind, heart, and the time that you should help others as much as possible. I am originally from New Jersey and moved to Florida the day before Hurricane Charlie. I am Hungarian and German. My favorite colors are white and peach and that is only because when I was six years old I had a ballet tutu that was white and peach. I have played several of sports over the years and they are the following: basketball, track, tennis, baseball, fencing.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  We actually ran out of time at the end and had to head out to the airport before she could finish her writeup (and she got to the airport 20 minutes before her departure!).  Summer contacted me and sent some professionally shot photos, with one more amateur photo #1 which showed off her nice natural figure.  She flew in from Orlando, and arrived the night before (see outtake video clip 8) where she stayed up doing some classwork (Spanish course).  The next morning (5:30am) she was all ready to shoot, and was doing more classwork!  We went straight to breakfast, where she talks a little about herself, and flashes & fingers herself.  Her first time experience doing public shooting, she was shy at first, warming up over time.  Long slender body with full firm breasts (and nice butt) she does some risky public nudity around a strip mall.   I had just got a new vibrator set called the 'eroscillator', recommended by a member.  She was the first to use it, and it brought her to a strong orgasm, and notice how wet she gets, with juices dripping down.  Good thing I shot it on the steps, so you can really see it flow down.  Right after orgasm, I told her to avoid touching the juices, and so I could switch to the photo camera, and gets some really nice shots of the juices on her legs etc...  She was somewhat shy about it all, because she didn't like the fact she gets wet like this (and forewarned me about it).  Of course, us viewers like it!  Is the eroscillator a good replacement to the vibraking? No, but it does change up things a bit as an intermediate toy.  Then a nude ballet scene, which is one of my favorites, she has that supercute figure for it, leading to a yoga scene (there was more video to the yoga scene but for some reason it was corrupted).  Back out again, this time in a secretary outfit perfect for upskirt and breast flashing.  There were a few guys who enjoyed the 'show' on the bench.  It led to a panty stuffing shoot, but she was unable/uncomfortable with it, so it really didn't go through.  Instead, she uses a glass toy that goes rather deep, with milky buildup visible.  The outtake brings in some foot fetish and toenail painting, which some members have requested in the past.

Model Comments:  (written on previous page)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Summer mentioned that she was a 'grungy' kind of girl in her early teens, but grew out of it, and became more of a dress & heels girl.  So she had brought a lot with her.  This blue zipper dress was perfect for the park, and end up becoming a gorgeous place for photo & video.  Her playfulness continues with more flashing, leading to risky full nudes, and nude acrobatics.  Is it my imagination, or do the FTV girls tend to have a lot of acrobatic talent?!   From casual in the same outfit, to 'dressy' with the heels on, off to an office area for more tease & upskirt.  She started masturbating on the steps nearby, but these office parks have tons of curious security, and we were caught in the act.  No matter, she ends up using the vibraking for another orgasm.  A very intimate bedroom/lingerie scene is next with some really clear extreme closeups of her vaginal, labia stretching, and breast/butt massage.  I get some members who complain that girls are all shaved, but that's how it is nowadays -- and when a girl like Summer shows up with pubic hair, I make sure she keeps it for those of you who want to see more 'hair'.  Then she wears a hot red dress that she claims she goes to church with.  Sometimes I wonder if guys who go to the church end up fantasizing about girls like her who look so sexy attending those events.  She even wore that same outfit back to the airport.  She masturbates one last time, gets very wet, and the unique low angle from the chair really captures the strong vaginal contractions at the end.  Another very desirable girl for FTV, doing many firsts on the site.