WinASO Registry Optimizer

Fast and Professional

WinASO Registry Optimizer is a mature and professional product that has been through more than 5 years constant improvement. Its advanced scanning algorithm can scan the entire registry within a few seconds for obsolete and invalid entries, as well as other registry errors, all listed comprehensively in the scanning report. You can select the items to fix or let WinASO Registry Optimizer automatically fix them all for you.

Multi-functional

In addition to the registry optimizing function, WinASO Registry Optimizer also has a number of built-in tools such as "Privacy Cleaner", "System Optimizer", "Registry Defrag", "Start-up Manager", "IE Manager", "Uninstall Manager", and more, so that you do NOT need to pay extra money to buy such software.

100% safe

Over these years, WinASO Registry Optimizer has been proved by users all over the world to be 100% safe. It never lets you down!

Extremely simple to use

Even a computer novice can immediately learn how to use it once opening the software window.

100% money back guarantee

Your satisfaction is absolutely guaranteed.

Registry Cleaner

Advanced scanning algorithm that scans the entire registry in seconds
Comprehensive error report listing registry errors in 20 categories
Allows user to sort the error report according to 10 different attributes
Powerful registry fixer that quickly fixes all registry problems with just a simple click
Provides more freedom by allowing user to select items to fix

WinASO Registry Optimizer will fix all the registry errors that cause system instability, PC errors, crashes, system slowdown, including but not limited to:

Invalid User software settings	
Invalid class keys
Invalid system software settings	
Invalid fonts
Invalid browser helper objects	
Invalid start-up programs
Invalid custom control settings	
ActiveX errors
Errors in uninstall sections	
Obsolete history lists
Shared DLL errors	
Invalid file paths
Sound and AppEvents errors	
Invalid file extensions
Startup popup window	
Invalid software locations
Invalid System settings	Windows services error
Invalid help and resources	
Invalid virtual devices
Empty registry keys	
Invalid device drivers

Supported OS:

Windows 7/vista/xp

Homepage: http://www.winaso.com/registry_optimizer/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Use given serial to register.
4. Done, Enjoy.