Follow my uploads here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.1+
Overview: An intelligent keyboard with revolutionary context-sensitive text prediction, auto-correction, auto-learning, undo/redo/navigation capabilities and cool (and customizable!) skins (WP7, Win 8 and iPhone for instance).

Out of the box, the keyboard provides English prediction only at the moment, but it learns any language you use! (add your local language in the settings, if it's not there by default).

Psychic word completions and predictions are generated by A.I.type’s servers on the Cloud. When the device is offline or Internet connection is too slow, or if you disabled Cloud-based prediction, word suggestions will be generated by the device only.

The keyboard also learns your unique words and style of writing (MyType). Just type your texts normally and it will keep learning. The learning model is stored on the device itself and is NOT shared with our servers.

Privacy notice: while installing A.I.type Keyboard, you will receive a warning message about collecting sensitive data. This is the standard general-purpose Android message issued for any downloaded keyboard and it does not pertain to A.I.type. Our keyboard DOES NOT COLLECT YOUR SENSITIVE DATA.

Personal request: if you like our keyboard - please be kind and give us 5 stars in the Market (“four is more but five – and we thrive!”), plus a nice comment. If you don't like us - please let us know why (support@aitype.com), and we urge you to hold yourself from rating us low. We are working hard to make it a great keyboard, and there are many challenges in the way... We are very responsive and appreciative to feedback and comments, and answer every message (if you provide contact details, of course).

Key features:

* Suggests your next word!
* Completes your current word!
* Corrects your spelling as you type!
* Auto corrects your typos when you hit the spacebar (context-sensitive)!
* Automagically learns your common words and style. We call it - MyType (beta!)
* Supports unique skins (Win Phone 7 skin, iPhone skin, large buttons skin and more).
* Allows skin customization - colors, background images etc.
* Includes a layout for undo/redo/copy/paste/navigation and more.

1.9.7.1
Add Shift+backspace for Del operation
Support Emoji plug-in (Available soon!)
Improve Korean keyboard
Improved Czech keyboard.
New setting for phone keyboard to change numbers order.
Bug fixes
New in 1.9
Talking option, reads words as you type. Visually Impaired Talking theme is also available!
New top row with numericsymbolsnavigation keys
Auto-corrections preview on spacebar
Supporting ICS’s new voice input

Note:
Please uninstall previous version first, you can directly download and install the language pack which you want from google play

                                By bobiras2009		