                             ÜÜ      Ü              ÛÜÜ
                          ÜÛÛÛ²²Ü   ßÛß  ÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛ
                ÜÜÛ        ÛÛÛ²ß ÜÜÜÜ²ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßßßßßÛÛÜÛÛÛÝ
              ÛÛÛ²Ý   ÜÜÜÛÛÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßßÜÛÛÛÜ      ßÛÛÛÛß  ßÛÜ
              ÞÛÛ²ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ²ß   ßßßßÛÛÛÛÛÜÜ  ÜÛÛÝ    ÞÛÝ
              ÞÛÛßÛÛÛÛßßßßÜÜÛÛÛ² Û²Ü   ÜÜÛÛ²²²ßß     ßßÛÜ  ÜÛß
              ÛÛÛ²Ü       ßÛÛÛ²Ý ÛÛ  ÜÛÛÛ²²ßÛÝ  ÛÛßÛÛÜ  ßßßß  Ü
             ÜÛÛßßÛ²Ü   ßÛÛÜÛÛ² ÞÛÝ ÞÛÛÛ²² Þ²   ÛÛ ÞÛÛ²²ÜÜ   ß²ß
            Ü     Þ²²Ý    ÛÛÛÛß °ÛÝ ÛÛÛÛ²Ý Û±   ²²  ÛÛÛ²²ßÛÜ
           ß²ß   Ü²²ß  ÛÝ ÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ² ÛÛÛÛ²² Þ²   ±±  ÛÛÛ²Ý ÛÝ  ßÜ
              ÜÜ²²ß  ÜÛß  ÞÛÛÛ²Ý°ÜÛ ÞÛÛÛÛ²²ÜÛÝ  °°  ÛÛÛ²ÝÞÛ    ÞÛ
           ÜÛÛßÛ²   ÛÛ    ÞÛÛÛ²Ý ÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  °° ÞÛÛ²²ßß     ÛÛÝ
          ÛÛÛÝÞ²Ý  ÞÛßßßÜ  ÛÛÛ²² ÞÛÝ  ÜßßßßßÛÛÛÜ   ÛÛ²ß      ÜÛÛÛ²
           ßßÛÜÛ²  ÞÝ   ÞÝ ²ÛÛ²² ÞÛ² ßÛßÜÜÜÜ  ßÛÛÜÛÛ²    ÜÜÛÛßß ßÛ²Ü
               ß²²Ü ß ÜÜß  ±ÛÛÛ²²ÜÛ²²ÛÛ²²ßÛßßÜ  ßÛÛÛ°ÜÜÛÛßß  ÜÜÜÜÜßÛ²²ÜÜ
                  ßßßß   ÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛÛßßßÛ²²ÝÞÝ      ÞÛÛÛßß  Ü²²²²ÛßßÛÛÛ²²ß
                      ßÛÛÛÛßßßß ÜÜÜßßßÛ²²ÜÛÜ    ÜÛß    Ü²²ßÜÛß    ß²ß
              ÜÛÝ Ü²Ü   ß  ÜÜÛÛßß      ßß²²²ÛÛÛßß     ÞÛ²Ý°²Ý
            ÜÛÛÛÛÜ ß ÜÜÜÛÛßßß                          ß²²Üß²Ü
        ÜÛ   ßÛÜßÛÛÛÛßß                                   ßßßÛÛÜÜÜÛß   ÛÜ
      ÜÛÛÛ    ÞÛÝ        Ü       TE 2012 PRESENTS      Ü        ÞÛÝ    ÛÛÛÜ
       ÛÛÛ   ÜÛß        ß²ß                           ß²ß        ßÛÜ   ÛÛÛ
       ÛÛÛßßß    ÜÛß ÜÛßßß                             ßßßÛÜ ßÛÜ    ßßßÛÛÛ
    ÜÜÜÛÛÛÜÜ ÜÜ ÛÛÜÜÜÛÛ        ANOTHER FINE RELEASE       ÛÛÜÜÜÛÛ ÜÜ ÜÜÛÛÛÜÜÜ
                     ßÛÜÜ                               ÜÜÛß

    Release: AI Roboform Enterprise v7.7.0.0 (c) 2012 Siber Systems

    Date: 01/28/2012

    Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

    Release Type:
      [X] Registration/Serial Crack
      [X] Activation Crack
      [ ] Trial Crack
      [X] Server Check Crack
      [ ] Serial
      [ ] Hidden/Added Features Enabler
      [X] Other
 
      [ ] Loader Patcher      [ ] Patch      [X] Precracked      [ ] RegFile
      [ ] Keygen

                         Ü                             Ü
       Ü²Ü              ß²ß                           ß²ß              Ü²Ü
     Ü²²ÛÛÛÜ ßßÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÛßßß                             ßßßÛÜÜ ÜÜÜÜßß ÜÛÛÛ²²Ü
    ßß²²ÛÜßßÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛ           RELEASE NOTES           ÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛßßÜÛ²²ßß
        ß²ÛÜ  ÜÛÜ    ßÛÜÜ                               ÜÜÛß    ÜÛÜ  ÜÛ²ß
      Ü  Þ²ÛÝ  ß                                                 ß  ÞÛ²Ý  Ü
    Ü²²ÜÜÛÛß                                                         ßÛÛÜÜ²²Ü
     ßß                                                                   ßß

        A client-based alternative to Single Sign-On (SSO), RoboForm
        Enterprise delivers fast, simplified password management, solving
        the growing password inflation problem for your organization at a
        fraction of the cost of traditional SSO.
 
        Increased Employee Productivity & Satisfaction with a Single,
        Secure Login to All Applications
        • Automatically logs employees into their myriad applications.
 
        Immediate Results with Fast, Easy Roll-out, No Integration or
        Infrastructure Changes Required
        • Requires no changes to user profiles or application
          infrastructure and can be deployed in minutes!
        Instant IT Savings, Reducing the Burden on IT Staff
        • Reduces password resets so your IT and help desk staff can
          focus on more critical tasks.
        Cost-Effective with Rapid ROI
        • Saves your organization money with a low price point and
          instant IT help desk savings.
 
 
        Latest Release - RoboForm Enterprise Version 7 adds three
        exciting features, making RoboForm Enterprise even more powerful,
        simpler to use, and easier to implement.
 
        • Enhanced non-web logins to support most Win32 based
          applications making RoboForm enterprise the ideal solution for
          both web and non-web-based applications.
        • Integration with Windows Logon. RoboForm Enterprise now
          integrates with your existing Windows logon, effectively
          enabling employee password management without any additional
          passwords to remember.
        • New biometric option can replace the master password with
          fingerprint authentication.
 
 
 
        Features:
 
        Out-of-the-box password management features that your employees
        will actually use and appreciate
 
        RoboForm Enterprise comes with these out-of-the box features and
        requires no extensive setup or implementation. Your organization
        can start using and benefiting from these features right away!
 
        Intuitive User Interface that Automatically ?Learns? and
        ?Remembers? Passwords 
 
        • There is only one password to remember. All of your employees?
          passwords are protected using a ?Master Password?. So they
          remember one Master Password, and RoboForm Enterprise remembers
          the rest.
        • When a user enters a new password, RoboForm Enterprise simply
          prompts to save and store this new password for the employee
          and subsequently logs them in automatically.
        • Originally built for consumers and used by millions of users
          worldwide, the software is extremely user friendly and designed
          to simplify password management to meet the needs of the most
          novice user. Users can be up and running quickly with little to
          no training required.
 
 
        Powerful Password Protection 
 
        • Stores employee passwords in encrypted ?Passcards? using
          industry-standard AES encryption with a single, Master Password
          as a key.
        • Master Password protected on the client and known only to
          employee, keeping it confidential and secured from outsiders.
        • Offers a ?dual master password? capability that allows managers
          or IT staff to share credentials for accessing applications
          with other employees, without sharing the actual
          username/password.
        • Offers a secure password generator to help you increase
          password security, allowing you to create and enforce more
          complex passwords enterprise-wide. Automatically generates
          secure, randomized passwords without burdening employees.
 
 
        Flexible, Enterprise-Wide Implementation and Administration
 
        • Automates installation for fast, non-disruptive, mass rollout
          across the enterprise.
        • Allows for offline RoboForm Enterprise activation.
        • Is compatible with most automated software install programs,
          making it as easy to install on 1,000 computers as it is on
          one.
        • Using centralized policy editor, allows you to easily customize
          user access to every option and feature available in RoboForm
          Enterprise, by showing/hiding functionality.
 
 
        Easy and Seamless Integration
 
        • Requires no up-front integration effort or no team of
          consultants to plan, integrate, or make changes to your
          existing application infrastructure, saving significant time
          and development costs (that would be required of traditional
          SSO solutions).
        • Eliminates the need for your implementation staff to collect
          and store user credentials, determine login resources or
          enforce password standards enterprise-wide since RoboForm
          Enterprise does this automatically.
        • Continues to work as systems evolve automatically, with no
          additional integration work or infrastructure changes required.
        • Relies on existing mechanisms, i.e., securely stores and
          ?remembers? usernames and passwords, thus, eliminating the need
          to change user profiles or applications.
        • Supports virtually all the business applications your employees
          need to access including legacy systems.
        • Supports integration into multiple environments. Any user,
          employee, partner, or other stakeholder can benefit whether
          they use 3rd party applications and systems.
        • Once configured, allows for secure remote access, on and
          off-network for mobile employees.
 
 
        Conforms to Strict Company Password Standards, Policies and Other
        Authentication Methods
 
        RoboForm Enterprise helps you to ensure stronger password
        management practices and policies without increasing IT costs.
 
        • Supports your company?s particular standards for strong
          passwords, biometric authentication, fingerprint
          authentication, application access and deny lists, etc.
        • By using the convenient, centralized Policy Editor, lets you
          quickly customize and enforce enterprise policies for password
          requirements including password length and complexity, password
          re-sets/expiration, white-listed or black-listed Web sites,
          etc. The Policy Editor is so easy to use, you can customize
          every feature in RoboForm Enterprise in less than 30 minutes!
 
 
        Highly Robust and Scalable Solution
 
        • Scales up to support many thousands of users. Because it was
          originally designed as a consumer-based product back in 1999,
          RoboForm Enterprise has been effectively field-tested by
          millions of users with tens of millions of usernames and
          passwords.
 
 
        Secure, Distributed Architecture with No Single Point of Attack
 
        • Is installed on individual clients, which makes the application
          highly available. As long as the client is working and
          applications to which the user needs to login are available,
          the software is operational.
        • Encrypts and stores each employees? Passcards on individual
          clients, ensuring that no ?keys to the kingdom? are available
          for phishers, keyloggers or hackers to compromise an
          enterprise?s password storehouse.
 
 
        Advanced Identity Theft and Fraud Protection
 
        • Fights ?Phishing? by linking sensitive login information only
          to the correct URL. RoboForm Enterprise will only recognize
          valid URLs that are associated with login information. A fake
          site would not be recognized and therefore login information
          would not be provided automatically.
        • Defeats Keyloggers. RoboForm Enterprise does not require using
          a keyboard to type passwords. RoboForm Enterprise offers the
          option of a Virtual Keyboard to "type" the Master Password; and
          keyloggers cannot detect it. The Virtual Keyboard is an image
          of a keyboard on the screen in which users click the images of
          the keyboard buttons. Since there are no keystrokes, there's
          nothing for the keylogger to detect or transmit.
 
 
        Portability
 
        • A portable version, RoboForm2Go, is available to run from a USB
          Flash Drive. This version allows your employees to securely
          take their passwords, contacts and bookmarks with them.
        • Ensures that employees access Web site applications securely,
          even from unsecured public computers.
 
 
 
        Benefits:
 
        Delivering Fast, Simplified, and Cost-Effective Password
        Management
 
        • RoboForm Enterprise is a full-featured, out-of-the-box password
          management solution that provides a secure, easy and
          cost-effective way to manage all of your employees? numerous
          passwords. It reduces their numerous logins to one master
          password, making your employees more productive while saving
          significant time and IT costs for your organization.
 
 
        Increased Employee Productivity & Satisfaction with a Single,
        Secure Login to All Applications
 
        • Reduces the time-consuming login process and automatically logs
          users into the business applications they use every day. Your
          employees remember one password, RoboForm Enterprise remembers
          the rest.
        • Eliminates employee distraction and frustration caused by
          forgotten passwords, allowing employees to focus on their jobs.
        • Eliminates the risks of unsafe employee habits like writing
          down passwords, storing them in unprotected files, using the
          same password, or openly sharing passwords with others.
        • Makes password management easy and meets the needs of the most
          novice user. Users can be up and running quickly with little
          to no training required.
 
 
        Instant IT Savings, Reducing the Burden on Helpdesk Staff
 
        • The self-service nature of RoboForm Enterprise, translates
          directly into instant relief for your IT or helpdesk staff
          since they are no longer disrupted by employees? numerous
          password re-set requests.
        • Enables you to enforce strong password policies that your
          employees will actually follow. Your company can take advantage
          of stronger password management practices, while staying
          focused on more critical enterprise IT projects.
 
 
        Cost-Effective with Rapid ROI
 
        • Is licensed per user at a reasonable price point at a fraction
          of the cost of traditional SSO solutions, with volume discounts
          available. 
        • Helps you realize significant savings and immediate ROI with
          more productive employees and with significant IT cost
          reduction by eliminating help desk calls to reset passwords. In
          many cases, this factor alone helps you quickly recover the
          low-cost, up-front investment in purchasing the software.
 
        Most companies experience a positive ROI in less than three
        months just from help desk savings!
 
 
        Immediate Results with Fast and Easy Roll Out, No Integration or
        Infrastructure Changes
 
        • Offers a simplified implementation process so that the software
          can be up and running in minutes.
        • Administrators have the flexibility to mass rollout as well as
          quickly customize and control password settings as needed.
        • Does not require you to hire a team of consultants to plan and
          implement, nor integrate or make changes to your application
          infrastructure.
 
 
 
        How It Works:
 
        The trouble with strict password policies is that employees won't
        follow them. RoboForm Enterprise is easy to deploy and makes it
        easy for your employees to keep data secure.
 
 
        For The Company
 
        You Download
        • Download our trial immediately. No intrusive sales process
 
        You Customize
        • Using our Policy Editor, we help you customize Roboform to your
          exact specifications
 
        You Deploy
        • You Deploy RoboForm Enterprise to all your employess at once
 
 
        Fifteen Minutes to Customize RoboForm Enterprise
 
        If you already have a strict password policy, it's easy to
        implement it in RoboForm Enterprise. If not, the software comes
        pre-loaded with strong password management settings.
 
        For example, you can quickly and easily adjust the length and
        characteristics of the Master Password, or specify how often to
        change the Master Password. Using the RoboForm Enterprise Policy
        Editor, you can also customize many other settings.
 
        Adjusting RoboForm's settings takes less than 15 minutes. In
        fact, you could adjust practically every feature of RoboForm
        Enterprise in less than a half an hour. This is an easy and
        pain-free process that does not require a huge integration effort
        like most other Enterprise products.
 
 
        For The Employee
 
        Easy To Use
        • User Logs into Websites as normal
 
        Secure
        • RoboForm automatically remembers and securely stores usernames
          and passwords
 
        Powerful
        • Simply click on the RoboForm Logins buton and RoboForm logs
          users into websites automatically
 
 
        Enforce Strong Password Policies Your Employees Will Follow
 
        With RoboForm Enterprise you can finally implement strong
        password management policies for your employees without
        increasing your IT costs and without burdening your employees.
 
        If your employees can memorize one strong password, RoboForm
        Enterprise does the rest. No more frantic Help Desk calls. No
        more passwords on yellow sticky notes. No more time wasted on
        "password reminders."
 
        Best of all, your employees become much more productive, logging
        into protected sites with one click.
 
 
        Whats New?

        Version 7.7.0 
        * Firefox: fix crash on Fill & Sumit, when FF shows warning about
          sending unprotected data.
        * Firefox, Chrome, Opera: fix form fillings issues. 
        * Firefox: Fix open and close of Firefox toolbar customization
          dialog forces RF toolbar to appear even if it was previously
          hidden.
        * Opera: fix RF can not install Opera adapter in some cases. 
        * Opera: fix can not install/uninstall Opera adapter under
          limited user. 
        * IE 9: cleanup IE use statistics on install, to fix speed
          complaints. 
        * Add 'Renew RoboForm Everywhere' item into RoboForm 'Help' menu. 
        * Fix when RF2Go is installing and it offers to upgrade old RF
          Fixed version, it cannot do it.
        * Fix in some cases RF can not access User Data folder located on
          mapped network drive.
        * Fix RF crashes after Fill&Submit from RF Toolbar if user has
          more than 10 logins for free.
        * Fix if FillWithoutAsking then RF may fill a Win32 form several
         times even when user is typing.
        * Manual Sync warning: show an option to remind in: 1/3/7/ days,
          1/2/4 weeks. 

        Version 7.6.9 
        * Chrome: fix Chrome integration, broken in 7.6.8. 

        Version 7.6.8 
        * Add 'Renew RoboForm Everywhere' item into RoboForm 'Help' menu. 
        * Save dialog: propose variants of new name based on page URL and
          on page title.
        * AutoSave: add a variant of proposed name based on domain and
          user id. 
        * Fix AutoSave bar with password request is closed without saving
          when Enter is pressed.
        * Rf2Go: fix pure Rf2Go does not detach from IE when RF TBI
          closes. 
        * Sync: Run automatic sync when 'Automatic Sync' option is turned
          on. 
        * IE: Fix RoboForm prevents sending email on Outlook Web Access
          sites. 
        * Opera: fix RF does not work in Opera on 64-bit Windows. 
        * MaxThon: fix MaxThon 3 does not load IE extensions anymore. 
        * Avant: Fix user cannot close lower RF Toolbar permanently in
          Avant. 
        * Fix rare crashes in RF-Firefox and other browser integration. 
        * Firefox: fix forced save happens only if navigation is detected
          after the click.
        * Firefox: switch RF to using Gecko SDK ver 9 as it is now
          official. 
        * Firefox, Chrome: fix form filing bugs on some sites. 
        * Block RF timers during form filling, so that RF update may not
          happen when filling.
        * Block RF timers while in JS, to avoid possible recursivity. 
        * Add import from SplashID. 
        * Fix Set Default command does not work from an existing login's
          context menu. 
        * Fix Virtual Keyboard button letters are unreadable when system
          fonts are large.
        * Fix errors in menu pagination. 
        * Password Generator: fix several small bugs.
 


        For a full listing of AI Roboform Enterprise's capabilities visit:
        http://www.roboform.com/enterprise/
 
 
 
                      TE Release Filename: tear770x.zip



                         Ü                             Ü
       Ü²Ü              ß²ß                           ß²ß              Ü²Ü
     Ü²²ÛÛÛÜ ßßÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÛßßß                             ßßßÛÜÜ ÜÜÜÜßß ÜÛÛÛ²²Ü
    ßß²²ÛÜßßÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛ         INSTALLATION NOTES        ÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛßßÜÛ²²ßß
        ß²ÛÜ  ÜÛÜ    ßÛÜÜ                               ÜÜÛß    ÜÛÜ  ÜÛ²ß
      Ü  Þ²ÛÝ  ß                                                 ß  ÞÛ²Ý  Ü
    Ü²²ÜÜÛÛß                                                         ßÛÛÜÜ²²Ü
     ßß                                                                   ßß

        Install AiRoboForm-Enterprise.exe.  After installation make
        sure all Internet Explorer and/or other browsers and explorer
        windows are closed or else the file will not copy over properly
        (as well as the Roboform Taskbar Icon).  Reboot into safe mode if
        you still have problems.  Copy roboform.dll and roboform-x64.dll
        (x64 dll is only needed for IE 64bit!) into AI Roboform's
        installed folder, making sure to overwrite the existing files.
        AI Roboform is now in the full PRO version with Enterprise
        features.
 
        Included is the Enterprise policies tool with this release so you
        don't need to request it from the homepage.  Its located in the
        PolicyEditor folder.
 
        Feel free to use the online sync feature, it does work fine when
        you run the setup.  Also make sure to set it up later or a
        taskbar notification will let you know once.  This is also known
        as RoboForm Everywhere which is fully functional in this release.
        In IE 64bit it may show as Desktop ONLY in the about window, but
        if you have chosen Everywhere syncing is still performed
        (hopefully fixed in an update).  Its suggested to use a different
        RoboForm Everywhere password than your master password.  This way
        nobody will be able to decrypt your online database except you.

        Note that you can now choose either Everywhere or Desktop type of
        installation while first installing AI Roboform.  You can also
        tell which type of configuration its currently set at by opening
        the About window from the taskbar icon, keep this running if you
        want full time syncing with Everywhere.  Everywhere will show
        Sync With [USERNAME], while Desktop will not show Sync.  This can
        be changed at any time by going into Options then User Data and
        clicking on Settings button.


        ** READ NFO NOTE: **

        AI Roboform now includes support for Internet Explorer 64bit.
        Only users with a 64bit OS need to copy over the extra precracked
        dll (roboform-x64.dll) to AI Roboform's installed folder.
 
        Thats it!  Enjoy.

            ÜÛ²²Ü                   Ü       Ü                   Ü²²ÛÜ
           ß  Þ²²Ý        Ü²²ßÛßßß ß²ß     ßÛß ßßßÛß²²Ü        Þ²²Ý  ß
         ÜÜÜÜÜ²²ß   Ü    Þ²²ÝÞÝ                   ÞÝÞ²²Ý    Ü   ß²²ÜÜÜÜÜ
      ÜÛÛÛÛ²²²ß   ÜÛ²²Ü   ßÛ²ÜÛÜ  T E   2 0 1 2  ÜÛÜ²Ûß   Ü²²ÛÜ   ß²²²ÛÛÛÛÜ
     ²ÛÛßÜ²ß ±   ßÛ²²²²²ÜÜ  ßÛÛÛÛÜ             ÜÛÛÛÛß  ÜÜ²²²²²Ûß   ± ß²ÜßÛÛ²
    ÞÛÛÝ°²Ý  °    ÞÛ²Ý ßßÛÛ²ÜÜßßÛÛ²           ²ÛÛßßÜÜ²ÛÛßß Þ²ÛÝ    °  Þ²°ÞÛÛÝ
     ßÛÛÜß²Ü     ÜÛ²²      ßßÛÛ²ÜÛÛ²  ascii  ²ÛÛÜ²ÛÛßß      ²²ÛÜ     Ü²ßÜÛÛß
       ßß²²ÛÛÛÜÜÛ²²ß  °°±±²²ÛÜÛÛÛÛ²²  by mx  ²²ÛÛÛÛÜÛ²²±±°°  ß²²ÛÜÜÛÛÛ²²ßß
            ßßßßß          Ü   ß   ±         ±   ß  Ü           ßßßßß
                    ²ßßßßßßß ßßßßß ° ßßßßßßß ° ßßßßßßß ßßßßß²
                    Ü Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code ß°
                   ß²ÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ²ß
                              Ü   ß²
                                   °     ß
