

StoneCold420 presents another High Quality XviD HDTV release for your viewing enjoyment. 


From the original nfo file:


Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon 2012-02-05 HDTV Xvid-SC-SDH


This special Cartoon Network HD Adult Swim Star Wars Marathon HDTV includes the following 7 shows in order of play:

1. Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon Part 1 Episode I Robot Chicken HDTV
2. Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon Part 2 The Clone Wars HDTV Nightsisters Part 1 of 3
3. Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon Part 3 The Clone Wars HDTV Monster Part 2 of 3
4. Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon Part 4 The Clone Wars HDTV Witches of the Mist Part 3 of 3
5. Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon Part 5 Episode II Robot Chicken HDTV
6. Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon Part 6 Family Guy Episode VI Return Of The Jedi HDTV
7. Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon Part 7 Episode III Robot Chicken HDTV



Star Wars Episode I Robot Chicken HDTV

Star Wars Episode I Robot Chicken HDTV is a 2007 episode of the television comedy series Robot Chicken, originally airing as a one-off special during Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block on June 17, 2007



Star Wars The Clone Wars HDTV - Nightsisters

Darth Sidious, troubled by Ventress's growing prowess with the dark side of the Force, commands Count Dooku to eliminate her. When Ventress survives Dooku's assassination attempt, the jilted former apprentice vows to take revenge, enlisting her kinswomen – the Nightsisters of Dathomir – in her scheme



Star Wars The Clone Wars HDTV - Monster

With the results of Ventress's attack on Dooku as a failure, Mother Talzin gives Dooku a new apprentice named Savage Oppress, who is the clan brother of Darth Maul and secretly controlled by the Nightsisters.



Star Wars The Clone Wars HDTV - Witches of the Mist
 
With Savage Oppress connected to the Force he sets out to capture King Katuunko, only to strangle him with the Force. Talzin tells Ventress to attack Dooku after the events. But the attack fails and Savage believes Ventress betrayed him.  



Star Wars Episode II Robot Chicken HDTV

Star Wars Episode II Robot Chicken HDTV is a 2008 episode of the television comedy series Robot Chicken, and the sequel to the Annie Award winning Robot Chicken Star Wars, which originally aired as a one-off special during Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block on November 16, 2008. It was nominated for a 2009 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Animated Program (for Programming Less Than One Hour).



Star Wars Family Guy "It's A Trap" Episode VI Return Of The Jedi HDTV

"It's a Trap!" is the double-episode season finale of the ninth season of the animated series Family Guy. The episode originally aired on Fox in the United States on May 22, 2011. It retells the story of Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi as "Blue Harvest" did with Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope and "Something, Something, Something, Dark Side" did with Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back by recasting characters from Family Guy into roles from the films.



Star Wars Episode III Robot Chicken HDTV


Star Wars Episode III Robot Chicken HDTV is a 2010 episode of the television comedy series Robot Chicken, and the third and final installment in the Annie Award-winning and Emmy-nominated Robot Chicken: Star Wars trilogy. It premiered on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim programming block on December 19, 2010. The special is 45 minutes long, as opposed to the 21-minute runtime of the two previous Star Wars specials. It was the final Robot Chicken: Star Wars special

Unlike the previous installments in the satirical trilogy, Episode III tells a more cohesive chronological tale stretching from before the events of Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace to after Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi. Emperor Palpatine, voiced by Seth MacFarlane, acts as a narrator - chronicling his own rise to power, the questionable wisdom of his selection of Anakin Skywalker as an apprentice, the extermination of the Jedi, and routine life aboard the Death Star. Several skits feature Boba Fett, voiced by Breckin Meyer (who was nominated for an Emmy for his writing work on the first Robot Chicken: Star Wars), including his fall into and time spent in the Sarlacc pit. Other skits feature more minor characters like Gary the Stormtrooper, Max Rebo, and Prune Face - none of whom had speaking roles in any of the Star Wars films.




This is SDH release #720 for the Star Wars fans from a Star Wars fan.


First aired and captured from the 1920 x 1080i source on: 02-04-2012 
and 02-05-2012 on the Cartoon Network HD channel on DirecTv HDTV 
Digital Satellite then converted to 16:9 widescreen 624 x 352 resolution 
Framerate is 29.970 in a High Quality XviD release 
with higher quality 192 kbps mp3 audio
SDH releases are Philips DVD - DivX player compatible 


This is The Star Wars Adult Swim Marathon HDTV on the Cartoon Network HDTV channel.


StoneCold420
SmackDownHotel
February 5, 2012



For more information on this Star Wars The Clone Wars HDTV series visit:   http://theclonewars.cartoonnetwork.com


For all NEW 2012 SDH releases please check here: http://thepiratebay.org/user/SC420



