REQUIRES ANDROID:2.1 and up
Overview:This is the Key for Undelete for Root Users. It does nothing on its own.


Undelete for Android is an application for root users that allows you to recover any type of deleted file from your SD card or internal storage.

With support for over 1000 file types, Undelete can come in handy if you accidentally delete photos or want some old tunes to listen to on the go.

Undelete can also securely wipe and shred files so that they will be impossible for others to recover.

Features:

★ Restore any file that has not been written over
★ Securely wipe/shred files
★ Works with documents, images, video, music, archives and binaries
★ Thumbnail preview generation
★ Batch operations
★ Custom restore folder
★ Preview media files

Without the unlock Key, this application will only restore image files. Please buy the Key to unlock full functionality.

Currently, only FAT is supported. On most devices this means that only the external SD is supported.

Some files that are discovered after a scan may fail to recover as the data can be corrupted beyond repair, just like desktop based solutions.

ROOT PERMISSIONS require that you modify the operating system on your device, visit our website for more information: http://fahrbot.co.uk/root

INTERNET and READ DATA permissions are needed for the logging system. Logs are only sent manually with your permission through the "Write to us" dialog.

What's in this version:2.1.3.6
Increased compatibility with JellyBean
Fixed issues from user replies
2.1.3.5
Fixed JellyBean issues
Fixed issues from user replies
2.1.3.4
Reworked license checking
Fixed some bugs from user replies
2.1.3.3
Fixed SD card discovery issue
Fixed thumbnail generation issues
Fixed preview generation bug
2.1.3.2
Fixed shred functionality
Improved recovery on ICS

More Info:
Code:
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=fahrbot.apps.undelete.key&hl=en

Download and seed ! - ARMANI