PLEASE SEED FULLY (DON'T BE GREEDY & SELFISH - GIVE BACK TO THE COMMUNITY!) SO THAT THE TORRENT SURVIVES!!!

And if you like this torrent, you can find the rest of my torrents at:
 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/MrShite/

**********

Some background info:
Control is a 2007 biographical film about the life of Ian Curtis, singer of the late-1970s English post-punk band Joy Division. It is the first feature film directed by Anton Corbijn, who had worked with Joy Division as a photographer. The screenplay by Matt Greenhalgh was based on the biography Touching from a Distance by Curtis' widow Deborah, who served as a co-producer on the film. Tony Wilson, who released Joy Division's records through his Factory Records label, also served as a co-producer. Curtis' bandmates Bernard Sumner, Peter Hook, and Stephen Morris provided incidental music for the soundtrack via their post-Joy Division act New Order. Control was filmed partly on location in Nottingham, Manchester, and Macclesfield, including areas where Curtis lived, and was shot in colour and then printed to black-and-white. Its title comes from the Joy Division song "She's Lost Control"..

Sam Riley and Samantha Morton star as Ian and Deborah Curtis, and the film portrays the events of the couple's lives from 1973 to 1980, focusing on their marriage, the formation and career of Joy Division, Ian's struggle with epilepsy, and his extramarital affair with Belgian journalist Annik Honoré, culminating in his May 1980 suicide. Alexandra Maria Lara plays Honoré, while James Anthony Pearson, Joe Anderson, and Harry Treadaway play Sumner, Hook, and Morris, respectively. The film also features Toby Kebbell as band manager Rob Gretton and Craig Parkinson as Tony Wilson.

Control premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on 17 May 2007 where it won several 
awards including the Director's Fortnight, the CICAE Art & Essai prize for best film, the Regards Jeunes Prize for best first/second directed feature film, and the Europa Cinemas Label prize for best European film in the sidebar. It went on to win five British Independent Film Awards including Best Film, Best Director for Corbijn, Most Promising Newcomer for Riley, and Best Supporting Actor for Kebbell. It was named Best Film at the 2007 Evening Standard British Film Awards, and Greenhalgh was given the Carl Foreman award for outstanding achievement in his first feature film at the 61st British Academy Film Awards.

Tracklisting:

1.	New Order - "Exit"
2.	The Velvet Underground - "What Goes On"
3.	The Killers - "Shadowplay"	
4.	Buzzcocks - "Boredom" (live)
5.	Joy Division - "Dead Souls"
6.	Supersister - "She Was Naked"
7.	Iggy Pop - "Sister Midnight"
8.	Joy Division - "Love Will Tear Us Apart"
9.	New Order - "Hypnosis"
10.	David Bowie - "Drive in Saturday"
11.	John Cooper Clarke - "Evidently Chickentown" (live)
12.	Roxy Music - "2HB"
13.	The Cast of Control - "Transmission"
14.	Kraftwerk - "Autobahn"
15.	Joy Division - "Atmosphere"
16.	David Bowie - "Warszawa"
17.	New Order - "Get Out"