Desperados: Wanted Dead or Alive is a stealth-based real-time tactics computer game. In the game, the player controls up to six characters in a wild west setting. The protagonist is a wordly knife fighter and gunslinger, John Cooper. He takes on a bounty to capture a notorious train robber named "El Diablo". As Cooper sets off on his quest, he is aided by five other friends and they work together in a real-time, stealth based structure very similar to that introduced in Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines, although an all-out gunfight is still highly possible in the game. A sequel called Desperados 2: Cooper's Revenge was released and a second sequel, Helldorado (announced as expansion pack Desperados 2: Conspiracy but made into a full game).


Gameplay

The game is well known for having a very advanced AI. The player can use flashlights on NPCs to see their fields of vision. Depending on the color of the cone, the player can see the mental state of the NPC. If the cone is green, it means the person is calm. Similarly, a yellow cone signifies suspicion, and a red means the NPC has spotted one of the characters. Some colors signify special status such as a pink cone, meaning the NPC has become attracted to Kate, or a black cone, meaning they have been hit by Mia's blowpipe.
Another special feature is the Quick Action, in which certain actions - from running to a certain place up to using a weapon against a pre-targeted enemy - can be 'pre-programmed' and called upon immediately when needed. For instance, by programming his revolver with Quick Action, Cooper can either concentrate all three shots he can fire on a single opponent or divide them between up to three targets without having to move the mouse icon around.
An easter egg is to be found in the tutorial level for Doc McCoy: When he builds his scarecrow on the pier, a sequence occurs which spoofs a scene from The Empire Strikes Back.


System requirements:

Windows
Windows 98/Me/2000/XP
Pentium II 233 MHz
64 MB RAM
Graphics card with 4MB RAM
DirectX compatible sound card.
900 MB hard disk space
4x CD-ROM drive
DirectX 8.1 or higher

Mac
Mac OS X 10.2+
G3/G4 300 MHz
128 MB RAM
8MB Graphic Card.


Installation:
Simple execute "DESPERADOS.exe" file, install the game and fix the "game.exe"  file by replacing it with the file including (crack, I recommend the 1.01), also copy the "Cinematics" folder from "Data" folder to "Data" folder installation dir, the update is not necessary.