Hardcore from France, 4 EPs released between 2004-2009.

Coming from my hometown Toulouse, 8 Control is one of the leaders of the growing Hardcore scene of the city. The band is pretty active since 1999 and their first release Teaching A New Science, and their last EP (which looks more like a single to me) is out now and will prove one more time that the band has a lot of potential.

You Should Have Cared is really short actually. The first track is just a little introduction and the two other songs are Hardcore songsΓÇª which means that they're not really long too. But if the songs are not long they're powerful obviously and I think that people who like blasting angry music will maybe find an interest in this release. Well ok I would prefer to listen to a full length album than a short EP but the songs are promising and I'm already sure that 8 Control's next album will convince their fans and probably get some new ones. Though you have to know that even if the main influences of the bands come from Sick Of It All for example, I have the feeling that 8 Control also want to flirt with Metal and this EP cannot be considerate as a pure old school Hardcore one. Don't misunderstand me, I'm not saying that it's bad but if you're looking for pure groovy Hardcore it just won't be for you! This is not "punk" and more thrashy.

They guys have a solid experience and it's easy to feel it. The musicianship is good and the production of the EP is classy. As an important fact, I have to add that you can even download the tracks for free on the band's website. If it's not a good way to become more popular, then I don't understandΓÇª

8 Control proves that it's a band which deserves more attention. On the other hand if You Should Have Cared is a good crossover between several genres it can be problematic too for people who only listen to one single kind of music. You see what I mean then, just be open minded and you'll like the music, be a "purist" and You Should Have Cared will probably not a fabulous discovery for you. Let's keep an eye on the band and their future album though.