Copied from Ares Homepage:


Ares is a free open source file sharing program that enables users to share any digital file including images, audio, video, software, documents, etc.
You may now easily publish your files through the Ares peer to peer network.
As a member of the virtual community, you can search and download just about any file shared by other users. Latest versions support BitTorrent protocol and Shoutcast radio stations. With Ares you can also join chat rooms or host your channel and meet new friends.



What you get with Ares?


Fast downloads

Ares automatically finds more sources and downloads files from many users at once. This can increase remarkably the speed of your downloads.
Ares works behind firewalls and requires zero configuration.


Built-in audio/video player

You can preview files while their download is in progress and organize a playlist made of your favourites. Ares' player supports Shoutcast internet radio.


Chat rooms

You can host your chat room and join other available channels.
Creating a chat channel has never been easier, now you can chat and meet new friends while you download files.


Powerful library organizer

Your shared files are organized into categories in a library section.
You can sort your files by type, category and easily change your share settings. An handy quick-search feature locates your files by typing a keyword.


100% open source

Ares is a free software. Its source code is available for free.
Anyone who wants it can download Ares' source, add their own features and come up with their own version. 


ED2K Link:
ed2k://|file|aresregular218_installer.exe|3006984|18F4B1F64A3CFE2C4855922C64E00A94|h=J7PPDIJWVBPVXDZKVEZ6BBZFFEWZQFBX|/


Comments from the uploader (olofolleola4):
Changelog is missing!

Because the MySQL database at The Pirate Bay is not able to add as much description as usual, I have not included the Frequently Asked Questions from Ares website.

Here is a link to important Information about Using P2P Software Safely: 
http://aresgalaxy.sourceforge.net/p2prisks.htm

Here is a link to the Vista update that is mentioned in the FAQ section: 
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/932406