u-he Plugins Pack MERRY XMAS



u-he.ACE.v1.2.0.1331.MERRY.XMAS-R2R

ACE belongs to a new generation of synthesizers developed with the latest, fastest computers in mind. ACE offers classic modular synthesis and more at a fraction of the cost of dedicated hardware. But like its hardware forebears, you can patch any output into any input: the number of different ways to connect modules together is practically infinite. Needless to say, you will never run out of cables!


u-he.Diva.v1.2.0.1331.MEERY.XMAS-R2R

The oscillators, filters and envelopes closely model components found in some of the great monophonic and polyphonic synthesizers of yesteryear. Modules can be mixed and matched so you can build hybrids, but what sets DIVA apart is the sheer authenticity of the analogue sound. This comes at the cost of quite a high CPU-hit, but we think it was worth it: Diva is the first native software synth that applies methods from industrial circuit simulators (e.g. PSpice) in realtime. The behaviour of zero-delay-feedback filters when pushed to the limit clearly demonstrates the advantages of this groundbreaking approach.


u-he.Filterscape.v1.4.0.1331.MERRY.XMAS-R2R

Filterscape is our filter-based sound mangling tool, the ultimate in versatility and control. It can be a parameteric EQ with morphable snapshots, a dual virtual analog filter, a sophisticated delay unit... you can use Filterscape to spice up your music in a myriad of ways. Best of all, Filterscape is a fun environment to work in – the GUI invites you to discover new and radical ways to sculpture your tracks. And it's highly addictive!

Filterscape comes bundled together with two sister plug-ins: the virtual analog synthesizer FilterscapeVA and the 6-band dynamic equalizer FilterscapeQ6...

u-he.More.Feedback.Machine.2.v2.1.0.1331.MEERY.XMAS-R2R

More Feedback Machine has always been a synonym for ultra-flexible delay effects ranging from bread & butter to weird rhythmic deconstruction. In the early days of native plugins, MFM1 was well ahead of its time. MFM2 carries on the tradition and extends it into the future.

The idea behind MFM was to give the musician as much control over 4 individual delay lines as possible, have them interact, and offer easy ways to modulate delay parameters in realtime.


u-he.Uhbik.v1.3.0.1331.MERRY.XMAS-R2R

Uhbik is our fine collection of effect plug-ins for the discerning audiophile. Each surround-capable effect comes wrapped in a beautiful, streamlined interface. The entire bundle of nine effects is available


u-he.Zebra.v2.6.0.1331.MERRY.XMAS-R2R

Zebra is our wireless modular synthesizer. It combines many different types of synthesis with a powerful modulation engine. Imagine – you can create any additive, freehand or spline-based waveform you like, apply a vast selection of spectral effects, morph between those waves and send them through classic synth filters. Perhaps use that entire sound as modulator for an FM oscillator, or route it through a comb filter – the building block of physical modeling synthesis. All generator modules, all signal paths, all effects are stereo.


NOTE ABOUT THE PROTECTiON :

After the ASSiGN cracked u-he on 22-June-2010, u-he brushed up their custom bomb again. As a result, none of the u-he releases work after that. They surely did a fine job for that.

The new trick they used for the new bomb, is very funny and effective, which we have never seen. We are sure that most crackers cannot find the actual bomb trigger even if they see and compare with our cracked binaries.

Because they are enough smart to avoid cracking, there might be an extra protection. But at least, we did better work for the new bomb. We welcome any reports, keep in mind to write 1.OS 2.Bit 3.Plugin-Format when you have problems. Well, u-he never make the shit bomb which cause crashing or fatal errors. We think those issues are not related to our cracks.

SUPPORT THE GOOD DEVELOPERS

Not only u-he, but there are lots of good developers which provide nice user support and affordable copy protection. The aim of R2R is not just making the software free. Merry Xmas, and have a nice holidays!

INSTALLATION

• Uninstall previous versions.

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Install


         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!
