Follow my uploads here:                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                    
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

BT Controller allows you to use android devices as gamepad controllers for any other android device.
For example, you can play a snes emulator on your tablet which is connected to a tv, using your phone as the controller. It also works the other way around, you can use your tablet as a controller for your phone or a phone as a controller for another phone etc.

Controllers are fully customizable and you can build your own controllers as well as submit them to Droidbean for others to download. Please send us your own creations using the submission button inside the app and we will review and add them to the controller download section.

    As of v1.33 you can now add analog joysticks to controllers. 
    If the emulator supports it, you can use full analog mode (360 degree rotation with sensitivity / strength based on distance from centre). Currently this includes any mupen based N64 emulator (Eg: Mupen64PLus, AE)
    Multiplayer support is also possible if the emulator supports it. You must connect additional devices using the connect button from the new controller and not from the host device.

Additional features:

    Controller builder / editor
    Download custom controllers
    Joystick support
    All hardware keys from controller are sent to host so you can control volume etc.

You can check out more instructional videos on our website: 
https://sites.google.com/site/droidbean/btcontroller

Please Note: BT Controller only works with emulators and games that support custom input configurations.

If you experience slow performance, please ensure all other bluetooth accessories are turned off or disconnected as they may interfere.

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 4, 2012)

    Multiplayer support (Additional controllers must connect to the host)
    Custom joystick codes (double tap joystick tile in edit mode)
    Full btcontroller keyboard on host
    Reset helper screens in settings
    Controler Builder: Button to assign all remaining tile keycodes
    Corrected Joystick resizing for different screens

Required Android O/S : 2.0.1+


                                By bobiras2009		