image
Twisted Metal
Twisted Metal is an over-the-top, vehicular combat game exclusively for play on PlayStation 3. Gameplay revolves around demolition derby style action set across multiple maps in which last contestant alive receives virtually whatever they desire. The game contains both an engrossing single player campaign story mode, as well as multiplayer modes which support co-op and 4-player action locally, as well as 16-player support online. Additional features include: returning characters from earlier releases in the game franchise, 17 vehicles that can be customized with a wide variety of weapons, destructible game environments and more.
Release Your Road Rage
Twisted Metal returns with unhinged car combat destruction and action movie mayhem. A PlayStation franchise exclusive since the release of the original Twisted Metal game back in 1995 for PS1, this most recent release is packed with unique weapons that emerge from demonic vehicles as players unfold the demented tale of a cast of characters, led by Sweet Tooth in story, co-op and online modes. The mayhem is ratcheted up in multiplayer modes with 2-4 player competing locally and up to 16 players online competing in a killer-take-all back and forth battle royale on wheels.
Features
Car Combat Multiplayer - Fast, ferocious and fun competitive multiplayer that delivers the freedom to destroy, fly and demolish the world around you in an intense back and forth battle royale.
Calypso's Tournament - Solo or with a friend in co-op, unfold the rich and demented tale of a cast of characters, led by Sweet Tooth, who will stop at nothing to have one Twisted wish fulfilled.
Twisted Arsenal - Choose from 17 vehicles, each outfitted with an arsenal of weapons that includes blood missiles, rat rockets and shockwave attacks.
Extreme Scale and Destruction - Unleash massive amounts of destruction on the world like an exploding Ferris wheel, decapitated Statue of Liberty, and destroyed rollercoaster.
Customization - Enter Sweet Tooth's custom shop to create your own weapon of mass destruction to play online with. Thousands of custom options available Fall 2011 on Twisted Metal.com.