This is a great documentary on the well known surgical changes to Michael Jackson\'s face over the years as discussed by paparazzi, friends, fans and even at least one family member. Of course the change of his skin tone over the same years gets discussed too, with varying opinions. I recorded it off CBC Newsworld and it was produced/directed by Liam Humphreys for RDF Media in the U.K. While other celebrities continue to do their own rendition of self-destructive/bizarre behaviour M.J. will always be special. He never even had a chance of a normal childhood....being a star as a little kid. The success of the Thriller album gave him more money than he knew what to do with. Amongst his extravagant pursuits...the never ending changes to his face ended up being what fascinated many the most. This show is only about 43 minutes long, however I have added the video that marked the zenith of his career...Thriller....at the start..before the documentary. And after the doc, I\'ve added his amazing performance in one of his two 30th anniversary concerts in NYC 2001..when he sings Billy Jean and demonstrated the moves that deservedly made him a super star. Less than 12 hours after the end of the 2nd concert the nearby World Trade Centre would be destroyed. 

Check out Wikipedia\'s page...”The Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Special was a 2001 New York City revue show by American megasuperstar Michael Jackson. It took place on September 7, 2001 and September 10, 2001.”...for all about that the staggering statistics of those events. Well since his death in 2009 others have also died prematurely like Amy and Whitney. Michael Jackson\'s Face really is a curious tribute to remember him by...but it is well done and can be seen many times. The addition of the two music videos is meant to help people see and/or remember his great talent...especially on a stage live. Personally I was never a fan of his way back, but became much more appreciative of his talent starting around the time this doc was first aired. Still plenty for people to wonder about and discuss, if they want about him with this doc being a good thing to start with. eg: Is he really the \'biological father\' of his children? Did he molest any kids? (many or all who slept at Neverland were cancer patients) or did he perhaps never actually have sex...and died a virgin?, etc.

Video:  720x480  4:3 NTSC 29fps
Audio:  2 channel stereo 48kHz
Length:  1:04:01