Femdom Ass Worship 15 XXX DVDRip XviD - Jiggly

Starring	Phoenix Marie, Christian, Nicole Aniston, Jack Vegas, Helly Mae Hellfire, Kelli Staxxx, Deviant Kade

MeanBitch Productions and the Buttman Choice line of ass-flavored specialty videos have created another female-dominant face sitting masterpiece tailor-made for the booty-worshiping perverts: 'FemDom Ass Worship 15' pits four heartless ass queens against sniveling, inferior males. These gorgeous creatures use their huge buttocks to smother and demean their victims, demanding erotic servitude, leaving their men broken in mind and spirit. Each of four vignettes includes a solo tease session in which the glamorous wench verbalizes her evil plans and threatens the viewer with her fine ass pointed straight into the camera. Voluptuous blonde Nicole Aniston is stunning but cruel in a skimpy string bikini. When her wimpy boyfriend catches her cheating with other men, Nicole is outraged at his interference in her pleasure! She punishes the cuckold with foot domination and strict ass worship. After crushing his dignity, Nicole makes the pathetic worm lick his own cum from her hand.

Helly Hellfire is a tattooed, dark-haired domina who gives deadbeat Jack Vegas some financial discipline by pinning his face under her muscular buttocks. Bodacious blonde executive Kelli Staxxx makes job applicant Deviant Kade prove how much he needs the position... by positioning him under her enormous, round rump. The gorgeous plumper smashes the white-collar wimp's face with her bare feet and phat ass, making him gasp for breath. And vicious dominatrix Phoenix Marie gets her feet and asshole thoroughly tongue-cleaned by submissive bodybuilder Christian in a nasty dungeon date. The mean bitches of 'FemDom Ass Worship 15' show no mercy!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=j0scfx61vft6gzmss5hi.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=hbex2bmhbzp57c2j2zwh.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=uwr0et8grkzlstxlvb7n.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=f0ilyqzssnvb2ldee5vm.jpg
