System requirements:

Drive Genius 3 Requires an Intel Processor-based Mac
 Mac OS 10.5.3 or newer
 512 MB RAM Minimum
 Intel┬« Processor
 DVD drive (optional)

Description: Drive Genius 3 is used by Apple at the Genius Bar as part of the ProCare Yearly Tune Up.
 Drive Genius 3 now runs as a 64-bit application and includes new features such as DrivePulse┬«, the best way to monitor the overall health of your drive, alerting you to possible issues before they become major problems, RAID Support, Email Notifications, and has enhanced previous features including Defrag, Repartition and Scan from version 2.

Drive Genius 3 is the best disk utility for the Mac platform. A new user interface, Drive Pulse┬«, 64-bit, Enhanced Defrag, RAID Support, Enhanced Repartition, Scan and Email Notifications are only a few of the award-winning features of Drive Genius 3. Optimize your drive with Drive Genius 3. Yes, this is the same product used by Apple at the Genius Bar to defrag your drive!*

Traditionally, hard drive maintenance and management has been difficult, time-consuming and confusing. In many cases, people skip these critical activities ΓÇô sometimes leading to disaster. Thankfully, Drive Genius 3 makes these tedious tasks painless, fast and easy.
Extras. information: Does the latest 3.1 DVD boot late model 2009 and 2010 Macs ?
 Yes , Apple has recently released the latest Disk Development Kit and this new version will boot previously unsupported systems.
 iMac Intel i3, i5, i7 Processor iMac Intel Core 2 Duo Processor (October 2009 and later) MacBook Pro Intel i5, i7 Processor MacBook Pro Intel Core 2 Duo (October 2009 and later) MacBook (June 2010 and later) Mac mini (June 2010 and later) Mac Pro Intel Xeon Nehalem or Westmere microarchitecture MacBook Air (Oct 2010 and later)

Used only as a boot image to defrag the system partition (on iMac 27 in 2010 with Core i5 earned only this version), did not try to install - please who tries to accomplish your goal.