A..n-W..y 2/ed (11-2011) | EBUP+MOBI | 1056 pages | 0321336313 | 33.6Mb

TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 1: The Protocols (2nd Edition) /by Kevin R. Fall, W.Richard Stevens. TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 1, Second Edition, is a detailed and visual guide to today’s TCP/IP protocol suite. Fully updated for the newest innovations, it demonstrates each protocol in action through realistic examples from modern Linux, Windows, and Mac OS environments.
There’s no better way to discover why TCP/IP works as it does, how it reacts to common conditions, and how to apply it in your own applications and networks.
Building on the late W. Richard Stevens’ classic first edition, author Kevin R. Fall adds his cutting-edge experience as a leader in TCP/IP protocol research, updating the book to fully reflect the latest protocols and best practices. He first introduces TCP/IP’s core goals and architectural concepts, showing how they can robustly connect diverse networks and support multiple services running concurrently. Next, he carefully explains Internet addressing in both IPv4 and IPv6 networks. Then, he walks through TCP/IP’s structure and function from the bottom up: from link layer protocols–such as Ethernet and Wi-Fi–through network, transport, and application layers.
Fall thoroughly introduces ARP, DHCP, NAT, firewalls, ICMPv4/ICMPv6, broadcasting, multicasting, UDP, DNS, and much more. He offers extensive coverage of reliable transport and TCP, including connection management, timeout, retransmission, interactive data flow, and congestion control. Finally, he introduces the basics of security and cryptography, and illuminates the crucial modern protocols for protecting security and privacy, including EAP, IPsec, TLS, DNSSEC, and DKIM. Whatever your TCP/IP experience, this book will help you gain a deeper, more intuitive understanding of the entire protocol suite so you can build better applications and run more reliable, efficient networks.

Product Details
    List Price: $69.99
    Hardcover: 1056 pages
    Publisher: Addison-Wesley Professional; 2 edition (November 25, 2011)
    Language: English
    ISBN-10: 0321336313
    ISBN-13: 978-0321336316