Please, Share It for Satya...
Godo is here, space are You.
At a Kali-times Google and corporations decided, which New Bhagavad-Gita MUST BE better for masses.
Today You all ISCKON forces is in your hands.
Om.
Hare Krishna.

\"ISKCON now distributes a Bhagavad-gita that contains more than 5,000 unauthorized changes. Srila Prabhupada gave all his classes from his original Bhagavad-gita As It Is and read from this book personally on a daily basis and listened to his disciples read from it, and commented on the philosophical points as they read. With the exception of a couple of obvious typographical errors, Srila Prabhupada never at any point of time ordered that his Bhagavad-gita be changed. He most certainly did not authorize the production of a revised and enlarged edition of his book.\" 
http://bookchanges.com/jayadvaita%E2%80%99s-smoke-and-mirrors/

\"If one acts without being attached to the fruits of action and offers the fruits to Krishna, no karma is produced...\"
Contemporary Hinduism Ritual, Culture, and Practice.Robin Rinehart.2004.p464

At Satya people down fall in main maya illusion - Money. 

We are not Vegetarians: Srila Prabhupada said \"We’re “Krsnatarians.” Rabbits are vegetarian,

Srila Prabhupada writes, “Extravagance in the matter of eating, sleeping, defending, and mating—which are demands of the body—can block advancement in the practice of yoga. As far as eating is concerned, it can be regulated only when one is practiced to take and accept prasädam, sanctified food.” We eat vegetarian food, but we are not vegetarians. We’re “Krsnatarians.” Rabbits are vegetarian, elephants are vegetarian. So what? Krsna says, “If all you can offer is a leaf, flower, or fruit, offer it with love. And take the remnants, the prasädam. What I want is your devotion.”

Kali-Medicine is Religion of KyuMustNeed.

In KyuVolution people take RAW and be more happy at All, no medicine necessary.
And on the way pranoyama and breathe should be human\'s food, because to fly in Godo heart means to give to Krishna best food - Natural Aurvedic Sweet - Fruits.

Please, Enjoy Sweet and Natural our Self at Satya.