Human Learning (6th Edition) 
by Jeanne Ellis Ormrod 
Prentice Hall | September 2011 | ISBN-10: 0132595184 | PDF | 624 pages | 11.8 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Human-Learning-Edition-Jeanne-Ormrod/dp/0132595184

This highly respected, market-leading textbook on learning theories applied to education prepares pre-service teachers and other educators with a unique and meaningful learning experience. The sixth edition of Human Learning covers a broad-range of learning theories and key perspectives on learning related to education, including: behaviorist, cognitive, social cognitive, contextual, and developmental theories, always highlighting relationships between concepts. Additionally, the text details associationistic processes (e.g., classical and instrumental conditioning), and more complex and distinctly human processes (e.g. metacognition, self-regulated learning, critical thinking). Every chapter features key pedagogical concepts with specific applications to classroom practice, numerous concrete examples that illustrate key concepts, principles, and recommendations and dozens of proven examples help make the fundamentals of these theories comprehensible to students with little or no prior coursework in psychology. 
Significant updates to this textbook include: important updates to reflect the most current research and new theories in the field, expansion of the chapter on cognition and memory, re-organization of Piaget and Vygotsky content into two separate chapters, a core section on teaching critical thinking skills, and the discussion of technology-based instructed has been significantly revised and expanded in this edition.

About the Author
Jeanne Ellis Ormrod is an educational psychologist and the author of Educational Psychology: Developing Learners and Human Learning (now both in their 4th editions) and coauthor of Practical Research (soon to be released in its 8th edition), all published by Merrill/Prentice Hall. She received her Ph.D. and M.S. in educational psychology at The Pennsylvania State University and an A.B. in psychology from Brown University; she also earned certification in school psychology through postdoctoral work at Temple University and the University of Colorado, Boulder. She was Professor of Educational Psychology at the University of Northern Colorado from 1976 until 1998, when she moved east to return to her native New England. She is now affiliated with the University of New Hampshire, where she teaches courses in educational psychology. She has worked as a middle school geography teacher and school psychologist, and has conducted research in cognition and memory, cognitive development, spelling, and giftedness. When Jeanne is not teaching, writing, reading professional books and journals, or monitoring the diverse activities of her three grown children, she enjoys-boating, playing racquetball, and walking on the beach with her husband.