   "Wide Awake" is a song by American recording artist Katy Perry, taken from the re-release of her third studio album Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection (2012). The song was written by Perry, Bonnie McKee, Dr. Luke, Max Martin, Henry Walter, and was produced by Dr. Luke and Cirkut, while production was handled by Dr. Luke and Cirkut. The song is going to be featured in Perry's upcoming film Katy Perry: Part of Me. The song was released on May 22, 2012 by Capitol Records. In June 12, 2012, a music video trailer was released on YouTube.
Utilizing dance-pop and electronic music in its composition, "Wide Awake" is lyrically about the reality of a break up and moving on. The song was well received by critics, many noting Perry's maturity and the production. This is the eighth and final single from the Teenage Dream era. Commercially, the song charted mostly worldwide, and managed to peak inside the top ten in New Zealand, United States, Canada, Australia and Ireland. The single marks Perry's eleventh visit to the top 10 of Billboard Hot 100, following all seven of the previous singles from Teenage Dream and three out of four singles from her debut album One of the Boys".                        



                            1080p Full HD Video.
                                                
                                     +

                          96 kbps/VBR M4A Audio file. 




                             Video Description



                                Thumbnails:
                                                                              
http://i.imgur.com/3pXBm.jpg



Video: MPEG4 Video (H264) 1920x1080 [Video]
Audio: AAC 48000Hz stereo 128kbps [Audio]

Brought to you by-

VX : Where good things actually comes in small packages.

                                Enjoy!


Note:

Best played on VLC Media Player.

Install shark007 codecs in case of any kind of problem in playback (For non-VLC Media Player users).

Alternatively, install Core AVC codecs, the fastest decoder that there is (Find it on TPB itself) coupled with Community Center Codec Pack and play on Windows Media Player Classic.

Any requests? Let me know.

I would appreciate it if you could leave feedback as comments.