Phoenix Marie endures the Sexual Gauntlet, tight bondage, rough sex, deep throat action. | Phoenix Marie | Matt Williams

December 17, 2012 
 

MP4 only.   
    
 
Phoenix Marie is back on the Sexually Broken stage. This amazing woman is everything you look and dream for. Tall, tan, sexy, with an amazing body and incredible sexual talents. Phoenix is one of the nicest people we have ever meet in this business! 

Completely helpless and bound into a modified Japanese box tie, Phoenix is comfortable. This means we have more time to sexually wreck her. Phoenix is blindfolded on her back with her legs tied open and up, the most helpless "fuck me" position there is. We enjoy her struggles, getting harder by the moment as we watch her squirm in her bondage. When the moment is right we mount the bed, then mount our helpless Amazon Princess. 

We fuck her deep and hard, taking our time with this amazing beauty, every thrust of the cock elicits a moan from our helpless cock hungry bondage whore. We quickly add a vibrator to her overly sensitive pussy and within seconds Phoenix is cumming and cumming. She struggles to avoid the intense vibrator, but we are relentless.

We quickly untie Phoenix ankles pull her off the edge of the bed and skull fuck her pretty mouth hole. We fuck the back of Phoenix's throat hard and rough. She breathes when we want her to, breath control with cock is the best kind of breath control. Back and forth we fuck Phoenix, from her pussy to her mouth over and over, it's a sexual overload at it's finest. We pull out and fingerblast Phoenix to her strongest orgasm yet. 

We wrangle our sexy Amazon into a brutal pile driver position and fuck her deep and hard, then vibrate her to a few screaming, lasting orgasms that are the final nail in the sex coffin for Phoenix. She is spent, we leave her bound, ass up, so we can just stop by and fuck her when ever we feel like it.  
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_17phoenix3/SexuallyBroken-Phoenix-Marie-Matt-Williams-Phoenix-Marie-endures-the-Sexual-Gauntlet-tight-bondage-rough-sex-deep-throat-action.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

