The Amazing Spider Man SKIDROW

S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
The Amazing Spider-Man (c) Activision

21-08-2012......Release Date - Protection...........Steam CEG
Action.............Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Spinning out of this summer's smash movie from Columbia Pictures, The
Amazing Spider-Man video game picks up the action where the movie left
off, with Peter parker continuing to swing and climb his way around New
York City as their friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man.

As Spider-Man, you'll continue to discover that with great power comes
great responsibility as you take on a wave of classic Marvel Comics
super-villains, including Rhino and the Black Cat in a an open-world
adventure filled with exciting side-missions.

The game's new Web Rush mechanic makes swinging around New York more
exciting than in any previous Spider-Man game, leaving you feeling more
like Spidey than ever before

Features:

Friendly Neighbourhood Spider-Man - New York is Spider-Man's home and
his playground, and this game sees a return to the free-roaming,
web-spinning gameplay across a dynamic and visually stunning Manhattan
where adventure is found around (almost) every corner.

My Spider-Sense Is Tingling - The new Web Rush mechanic will
revolutionise Spider-Man gameplay, giving you real-time navigation and
combat choices whenever you need it. Web Rush can be triggered at any
time and will give you a host of choices to help you get out of any
situation, and will let you feel like you're pulling off Spidey's moves
yourself

Amazing Fantasy - Continue the action from this summer's The Amazing
Spider-Man movie, with an all-new adventure from Battlestar Galactica
writer Seamus Kevin Fahey. As young Peter Parker, you'll uncover more
of his untold story.

Rogue's Gallery - Face some of Spidey's most dastardly foes, redesigned
to fit into the world of the movie and the game. Take on the
unstoppable might of the Rhino Tangle with the venomous Scorpion Cross
paths with the Black Cat Face the pest of Vermin And just who is the
mysterious Iguana?

Four-Colour Fun - As you progress throughout the game, you can collect
vintage Spider-Man comic books, including his first ever appearance in
Amazing Fantasy #15.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy
 
http://leetleech.org/images/02485205192738801424.jpg
 
http://leetleech.org/images/90712050437459624762.jpg
 
http://leetleech.org/images/15601281661654251930.jpg