Chuck Pfarrer - SEAL Target Geronimo: The Inside Story of the Mission to Kill Osama bin Laden

Read by Erik Bergmann, 96 kbps, Unabridged
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/seal-target-geronimo-chuck-pfarrer/1104807843

On May 2, 2011, at 1:03 a.m. a satellite uplink was sent from Pakistan crackling into the situation room of the White House: "Geronimo, Echo, KIA." These words, spoken by a Navy SEAL, ended Osama bin Laden’s reign of terror. SEAL Target Geronimo is the story of Neptune's Spear from the men who were there. After talking to members of the SEAL team involved in the raid, Pfarrer shares never-before-revealed details in an exclusive account of what happened as he takes readers inside the walls of Bin Laden’s compound penetrating deep into the terrorist’s lair to reach the exact spot where the Al Qaeda leader was cowering when the bullet entered his head. SEAL Target Geronimo is an explosive story of unparalleled valor and clockwork military precision carried out by the most elite fighting force in the world—the U.S. Navy’s SEAL Team Six.

Editorial Reviews
From Barnes & Noble
For days and days, the media seemed to dwell on nothing else, repeating the same scant details again and again and again. The May predawn raid in Pakistan that killed Osama bin Laden ended an intense ten-year effort by three U.S. presidents and the intelligence agencies of a dozen countries. How this desperate, methodical hunt finally succeeded is the subject of this extraordinary account by the author of Warrior Soul: The Memoir of a Navy SEAL. Author Chuck Pfarrer draws on his hard-won experience as SEAL Team Six element commander to draw out the minute-by-minute account of the raid itself and the details of its painstaking preparations.

Publishers Weekly
Drawing upon personal experience, extensive research, and interviews with military personnel, former Navy SEAL Pfarrer charts the events that led SEAL Team Six to assassinate Osama Bin Laden in 2011, traces the origin of the Navy SEALs, and details the training and leadership that ultimately gave SEAL Team Six the skills needed to end a decade-long manhunt.Erik Bergman provides solid narration, reading in a voice that is deep, determined, and slightly raspy—all of which captures the tone of the author’s prose and spirit of his subject matter.Bergman’s delivery also contains a much-needed note of cordiality, which works to balance the author’s assertion that he and other SEALs are a world apart from average Americans. 

Meet the Author
CHUCK PFARRER is a former assault element commander of SEAL Team Six. He has appeared as an author and counterterrorism expert on Good Morning America, NPR, and Fox News. He lives in Michigan.