 http://piratelinux.org/

32 bits

copyleft


Firefox addons: AdBlock Plus, Bloody Vikings, Download Helper, Ghostery, HTTPS-Everywhere (silent install for your current firefox).
Pidgin with OTR.
Vidalia Control Panel & Tor automatically running in background.
Tor Web Browser that uses your default Firefox (Contains the addons Bloody Vikings, HTTPS-Everywhere, NoScript, Torbutton, websocket disabled).
Tor IRC (pidgin with OTR connected to Tor with a random username and some relevant chat rooms added to the list).
Seahorse-Nautilus for easy encryption/decryption of files (optional).
Network Manager with the Openvpn plugin for easy access to the PPCA VPN Service (optional).
aMule P2P client (optional).
Ubuntu restricted extras (suggested).
Virtual keyboard to prevent keylogging (optional).
Desktop theme.
GUI controller.
All executable binaries that are not from the standard Ubuntu repositories are automatically compiled from source on installation. What you see is what you get.
Full (source) package automatically creates a binary package while installing, and this binary package can be shared with those who trust you. You are not just a consumer, but also a distributor.
Bitcoin client (graphical & command-line).
Cwallet ΓÇô Paper Wallet Backup Creator (graphical & command-line).
Custom Google Homepage.
Phatch Image Inspector & Batch Processor (optional).
GIMP (optional).
Linphone (optional).
lm-sensors (optional).
Automatic updates implemented by adding the Pirate Linux repository to the Aptitude sources list. The Ubuntu/Debian update manager will automatically install the newest PiratePack.
Helper programs: ffmpeg, qrencode, imagemagick, polipo.
I2P Browser.
I2P IRC (pidgin with OTR connected to the standard I2P IRC network with some common chat rooms added to the list).
Thunderbird + Enigmail (optional).
MAC address generator (optional).
OpenNIC DNS option.
Easily create multiple Tor (Vidalia) instances.
Firefox Profile Manager ΓÇô easy access (also adds the WhoAmI Firefox addon).
