Wave Arts Dialog v1.10 - R2R
R2R | Nov 30 2012 | 13.3 MB



Dialog combines in one plug-in all the processing needed to clean up, adjust, and sweeten recordings of the spoken voice. It is perfect for voice-over, film/tv recordings on location or sound stage, and broadcast.

Dialog includes brickwall filters, de-hum and de-buzz processing, broadband noise reduction, de-ploding, de-essing, 10-band equalization, compression, and limiting. Separate presets for each section allow you to get results fast.



10-band EQ section with 11 different filter types and 64-bit processing
Low and high pass brickwall filters with various rolloff slopes
Hum and buzz removal
Broadband noise reduction
De-plode function for plosive or wind rumble attenuation
De-ess function for sibilant attenuation
Compressor
Peak limiter
Comprehensive metering
Master preset manager and preset manager per section
Latency compensation
Fully automatable
Up to 192K support
Mono or stereo
Windows 2000, XP, Vista or 7.
A host program that supports the DirectX, VST, or RTAS plug-in architecture.




Wave Arts Master Restoration SUITE v5.60 -R2R
R2R | 30.11.2012 | 14.3 MB




Wave Arts Master Restoration Suite is a comprehensive set of restoration plug-ins for cleaning up tape, vinyl, and acoustic recordings. The tools give extremely high quality results with minimal tweaking, hence they sound great and are easy to use.

These plug-ins run onr Windows (DX/VST/RTAS) based music production or audio editing application.

The MR Suite consists of 5 plug-ins:

MR Noise – Stellar sounding broadband noise reduction
MR Click – Click and crackle filter for vinyl or digital sources
MR Hum – Precise hum and buzz removal
MR Gate – Expander/gate for quick and simple background attenuation
Master Restoration – The ultimate all-in-one cleanup tool





Wave Arts Power Suite 5 v5.60 -R2R
R2R | 30.11.2012 | 18.1 MB



Our critically acclaimed audio plug-ins are now at the top of their class, outstanding sound quality, CPU efficiency, stunning design the visual interface, customer support, world-class and a very great value for money.

These new v5 plug-ins cover the essential aspects of sound design, tracking, mixing and mastering. They are available in various bundle configurations and individually, so you can choose the combination that best suits your audio needs.

These plug-ins run on Windows (DX/VST/RTAS) based music production or audio editing application.

Power Suite consists of the following plug-ins:

TrackPlug 5 – The ultimate channel strip plug-in
MasterVerb 5 – Silky smooth multi-algorithm reverb
FinalPlug 5 – Professional peak limiter and volume maximizer
MultiDynamics 5 – Powerful multi-band dynamics control
Panorama 5 – Go beyond the limitations of conventional stereo, without using a surround system!



Wave Arts Tube Saturator v1.10 - R2R
R2R | Nov 30 2012 | 12 MB





Tube Saturator is the world’s most accurate real time tube amp plug-in. Unlike other tube simulators, which use radically simplified models, Tube Saturator uses state of the art circuit simulation technology to capture every nuance of an analog circuit.


Accurate tube preamp simulator using 64-bit circuit simulation technology
Two common cathode 12AX7 preamp stages
Baxandall 3-band EQ
Drive control for distortion adjustment
EQ bypass
FAT mode for increased punch
Analog style metering
No latency
Up to 192 kHz sampling rate, depending on CPU speed.
Mono or stereo
Windows 2000, XP, Vista or 7.
A host program that supports the DirectX, VST, or RTAS plug-in architecture.




INSTALLATION:

• Unistall any previous versions.

• Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

• Install the setup's...




• That's it! Done.


3Nj0Y!!!





