Description:

    Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning is a single player Action Role-playing Game (RPG) set in the brand-new game fantasy universe of Amalur. The game features an expansive Open World game environment, the unique “Destinies” system that limits character development only by the combination of equipped spells and items carried, intuitive yet challenging combat, a robust crafting system and a range of special attacks. Additional features include: the written and design talents of R.A. Salvatore, Todd McFarlane and Ken Rolston; dramatic special and metered attacks; as well as multiple in-game races.


Features:

    Uncover the secrets of Amalur in hundreds of hours of immersive gameplay, from the vibrant city of Rathir to the vast region of Dalentarth to the grim dungeons of the Brigand Hall Caverns.
    Rescue a world torn apart by a vicious war and control the keys to immortality as the first warrior ever to be resurrected from the grips of death. Turn your lack of a destiny to your advantage and harness fate as a weapon.
    Explore deep levels of lore in a universe steeped in 10,000 years of fiction created by New York Times bestselling author R.A. Salvatore.
    Customize your play in a dynamic combat system that delivers some of the most intense and responsive action ever seen in an RPG.
    Seamlessly integrate magical and melee attacks as you take on scores of enemies in grand fight sequences and finish them off with brutal Fateshift kills.
    Build the character you’ve always wanted with the revolutionary new Destiny system that allows you to continuously evolve your character class to your style of play.
    Create and modify your hero with millions of combinations of skills, abilities, weapons and pieces of armor.



Minimum system requirements:

    OS: Windows XP with Service Pack 3; Windows Vista with Service Pack 2; Windows 7 with Service Pack 1
    CPU: Intel Core2 Duo (or equivalent) running at 2.2GHz or greater; AMD Athlon 64 X2 5000+ (or equivalent) running at 2.6GHz or greater
    RAM: At least 1 GB for Windows XP; at least 2 GB for Windows Vista and Windows 7
    Disc Drive: CD/DVD ROM drive (required for installation only), 8x or faster CD/DVD drive
    Hard Drive: At least 10.5GB of free space
    Video Adapter: NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT 512MB or better; ATI Radeon HD3650 512MB or better; supporting pixel shader 3.0; minimum resolution supported is 1280x720
    DirectX: 9.0c Compatible


Recommended system requirements:

    OS: Windows XP with Service Pack 3; Windows Vista with Service Pack 2; Windows 7 with Service Pack 1
    CPU: Intel Core 2 Quad (or equivalent) running at 2.4GHz or greater; AMD Phenom X4 (or equivalent) running at 2.6GHz or greater
    RAM: At least 3GB for Windows XP; at least 4GB for Windows Vista and Windows 7
    Disc Drive: CD/DVD ROM drive (required for installation only), 8x or faster CD/DVD drive
    Hard Drive: At least 10.5 GB of free space
    Video Adapter: NVIDIA GeForce GTX260 1GB RAM or better; ATI Radeon HD4850 1GB RAM or better; supporting pixel shader 3.0
    DirectX: 9.0c Compatible


Installation Instructions:

1. Extract the zip files contained in the folder Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning into a folder and place in desired instal location.

2. Extract the crack in the crack folder and place it in the root of your Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning instal location.

3. Create a shortcut of the cracked executable on your desktop.

5. Launch the game and enjoy!


Zip file password:

SKIDROW-SCENE.NET


