Release Title: Flash.Gordon.[1936]BoxSet.DVDRip.H264(BINGOWINGZ-UKB-RG)
DVD Release Date: October 2000
Genre: Sci-Fi
RunTime: Loads Of Minutes

Flash Gordon is a 1936 science fiction film serial. Told in
13 installments, it was the first screen adventure for the
comic-strip character Flash Gordon, and tells the story of
his first visit to the planet Mongo and his encounter with
the evil Emperor Ming the Merciless. Buster Crabbe,
Jean Rogers, Charles B. Middleton, Priscilla Lawson and
Frank Shannon played the central roles. In 1996, Flash Gordon
was selected for preservation in the United States National
Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally,
historically, or aesthetically significant".

A rogue planet is 'rushing madly toward the earth.
Impending doom creates worldwide pandemonium. But
maverick scientist Dr. Zarkov hopes to stay disaster
by travelling to the new planet in his experimental
rocket. Two chance-met strangers, athletic Flash
Gordon and damsel in distress Dale Arden, go with
him. Arrived, the trio find Mongo to be a planet of
wonders, warring factions, and deadly perils, its
orbit controlled by Emperor Ming who has his own
sinister plans for earth. Can our heroes, armed only
with science and sex appeal, stop him?

Chapters:1-4
1.The Planet of Peril
The planet Mongo is on a collision course with Earth.
Dr. Alexis Zarkov takes off in a rocket ship to Mongo,
with Flash Gordon and Dale Arden as his assistants.
They find that the planet is ruled by the cruel
Emperor Ming, who lusts after Dale and sends Flash to
fight in the arena. Ming's daughter, Princess Aura,
tries to spare Flash's life.
2.The Tunnel of Terror
Aura helps Flash to escape as Zarkov is put to work in
Ming's laboratory and Dale is prepared for her wedding
to Ming. Flash meets Prince Thun, leader of the Lion Men,
and the pair return to the palace to rescue Dale.
3.Captured by Shark Men
Flash stops the wedding ceremony, but he and Dale are
captured by King Kala, ruler of the Shark Men and a loyal
follower of Ming. At Ming's order, Kala forces Flash to
fight with a giant octosak in a chamber filling with water.
4.Battling the Sea Beast
Aura and Thun rescue Flash from the octosak. Trying to keep
Flash away from Dale, Aura destroys the mechanisms that
regulate the underwater city.


Chapters:5-8
5.The Destroying Ray
Flash, Dale, Aura and Thun escape from the underwater city,
but are captured by King Vultan and the Hawkmen. Dr. Zarkov
befriends Prince Barin, and they race to the rescue.
6.Flaming Torture
Dale pretends to fall in love with King Vultan in order to
save Flash, Barin and Thun, who are put to work in the
Hawkmen's Atom Furnaces.
7.Shattering Doom
Flash, Barin, Thun and Zarkov create an explosion in the
atomic furnaces.
8.Tournament of Death
Dr. Zarkov saves the Hawkmen's city from falling, earning
Flash and his friends King Vultan's gratitude. Ming insists
that Flash fight a Tournament of Death against a masked
opponent, revealed to be Barin, and then a vicious orangopoid.


Chapters:9-13
9.Fighting the Fire Dragon
Flash survives the tournament with Aura's help, after she
discovers the weak point of the orangopoid. Still determined
to win Flash, Aura has him drugged to make him lose his memory.
10.The Unseen Peril
Flash recovers his memory. Ming is determined to have
Flash executed.
11.In the Claws of the Tigron
Zarkov invents a machine that makes Flash invisible. Flash
torments Ming and his guards. Barin hides Dale in the
catacombs, but Aura has her tracked by a tigron.
12.Trapped in the Turret
Aura realizes the error of her ways, and falls in love with
Barin. She tries to help Flash and his friends to return to
Earth ΓÇö but Ming plots to kill them.
13.Rocketing to Earth
Ming orders that the Earth people be caught and killed,
but Flash and his friends escape from the Emperor's
clutches, and Ming is apparently killed in a crematorium.
Flash, Dale and Zarkov make a triumphant return to Earth.


Buster Crabbe ... Flash Gordon
Jean Rogers ... Dale Arden
Charles Middleton ... Ming the Merciless
Priscilla Lawson ... Princess Aura
Frank Shannon ... Dr. Alexis Zarkov

ORiGiNAL Source: DVD5-RESiSTANCE < Cheers
Video: MP4/720*400/25fps
Audio: AAC/2ch/128Kbps
Size Of File: 300/700/800MB (2.66GB)
Sample Included: Yes