Book Description

CryENGINE is a complete game development environment used by AAA game development studio Crytek to produce blockbuster games such as Crysis 1, 2 and 3. This complete BeginnerΓÇÖs Guide takes the would be game developer through the steps required to create a game world complete with event scripting, user interface and 3D environment in the free CryENGINE SDK.

Learn to create game worlds with the CryENGINE 3 Sandbox, the tool used to create AAA games like the soon to be released Crysis 3. Follow straightforward examples to sculpt the terrain, place vegetation, set up lighting, create game sounds, script with Lua and code with C++.

Learn to navigate the interface within the CryENGINE 3 Sandbox, the tool used to create AAA games like Crysis 1 and 2, as well as the soon to be released Crysis 3. Learn to create your own worlds by following straight forward examples to sculpt the terrain, place vegetation, set up lighting, create game sounds, and script with the Lua language. The book covers all beginner aspects of game development including an introduction to C++ for non- coders.

What will you learn from this book

Learn to navigate within the CryENGINE┬« 3 Sandbox.
Learn to create your own worlds by following straightforward examples to sculpt and mould the terrain and place vegetation.
Learn to model with the integrated tools available to designers and artist in the CryENGINE3 Sandbox.
Learn methods of visual scripting used to create amazingly complex scripted events
Learn how to start creating and compile C++ game code to create your own custom game.
Learn to use Autodesk Scaleform to create high fidelity 3d heads up displays and menus for the player.
Learn how to create your own custom characters and objects for use within the examples.
Learn to create your own cut scenes, animations and videos using the power of the CryENGINE3 engine to maximize the output.
Learn to use FMOD designer along with the CryENGINE 3 to add sound and music to your game.
Explore some of the key performance and optimization strategies for levels and learn to share your content with others.

Approach
A step by step beginnerΓÇÖs tutorial to creating AAA style games with the complete game creation tool, CryENGINE 3.