 http://img818.imageshack.us/img818/6135/1142large.jpg

Red Molly - Light in the Sky [2011]

01. Dear Someone
02. Walk Beside Me
03. Come on in My Kitchen
04. Do I Ever Cross Your Mind
05. Oh My Michael
06. Does My Ring Burn Your Finger
07. Ghost
08. Hold It All
09. Hello Goodbye
10. Your Long Journey
11. By the Mark
12. It's Too Late to Call It a Night
13. Why Should I Cry
14. Fever

Cover versions can be diluted affairs but Red Molly, a trio who were formed at a folk festival in 2004, have some serious pedigree. Their past version of Oh My Sweet Carolina (Ryan Adams), for instance, is memorable enough to challenge a brilliant original.

For their latest album, Light In The Sky, there has been a change of personnel. Founding member Carolann Solebello has been replaced by, aptly enough, a Molly. In this case the talented Molly Venter. The band were named after the Red Molly character in Richard Thompson's motorbike song 1952 Vincent Black Lightning.

Venter has slotted straight in and the same crystalline vocals and beautiful harmonies are as striking on Light In The Sky as previous albums - something evident on the a Capella opener Dear Someone

The song choices by Venter, Laurie McAllister and Abbie Gardner are as interesting as ever. There is an inventive re-imagining of Robert Johnson's Come On In My Kitchen and they also cover Gillian Welch's By The Mark.

Gardner and her father Herb wrote the affecting ragtime-tinged Hello Goodbye and there is a flawless cover of Dolly Parton's Do I Ever Cross Your Mind - a version sung at just the right pace.

The darkest song is perhaps Does My Ring Burn Your Finger (Buddy and Julie Miller) but they also interpret Tim O'Brien's Walk Beside Me and the Doc Watson classic Your Long Journey.

There is a snappy bonus version of Fever and two songs written by the gifted Mark Erelli ("not a household name, but he should be" they say in the notes). They cover, quite beautifully, his mournful ballad Ghost, which has the trademark fine fiddle playing of Jake Amerding.

Red Molly are red hot.

cd rippped by EAC

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/