Evil.Angels.Kelly.Divine.DiSC.1.XXX.DVDRip.x264-Jiggly
Evil.Angels.Kelly.Divine.DiSC.2.XXX.DVDRip.x264-Jiggly

Starring: Lexi Belle, Dana DeArmond , Kelly Divine, Eloa Lombard 

10 Evil Directors Have Their Way With Kelly Divine! The Collective Genius of the World's finest XXX Studio presents the Double-disc 'Evil Angels: Kelly Divine.' Following a Kristina Rose collection, it's the second release in a new kind of compilation that celebrates a single star from the varying viewfinders of a diverse corps of pornographers. This one glorifies a slutty smut princess whose curvy, fleshy voluptuousness is as striking as her lust for filth. Kelly's famous booty is a massive, almost intimidating slab of feminine architecture that demands to be reckoned with. And the "Evil Angels" format shows off her monumental form in the divine Ms. Divine's hottest scenes from 10 Evil Angel directors. From sensuous tease to Rough Lesbian raunch to over-the-top hard-core Anal to kinky SM, you Get over Six-and-a-Half hours of pure, Uncut Kelly. The scenes come from Manuel Ferrara's 'Phat Bottom Girls,' Belladonna's 'No Warning 5,' Joey Silvera's 'Face Fucking Inc 9,' Sean Michaels '' Bottom Line, 'John Stagliano's' Buttman's Stretch Class: Detention, 'Rocco Siffredi's' Power Slave, 'Jay Sin's' Deep Anal Abyss 4, 'Jonni Darkko's' Suck Balls, 'MeanBitch Productions' 'FemDom Ass Worship 9' and Mike Adriano's 'The Spit & The Speculum.' Kelly blows cocks and minds through her ΓÇïΓÇïlove of extreme, sphincter-gaping toys, butt fucking and double-penetration, ass-to-mouth cocksucking, interracial lust, Sapphic rectal play, female domination / smothering / face sitting and messy, slobbery blow jobs . 'Evil Angels: Kelly Divine' is an in-depth, nasty look into the pretty face, enormous derriere and uninhibited libido of an irrepressible fuck pig!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=7mxx0prsi7bvqop8zn35.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=le065f0d5230abpdjlg7.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=belg6p0i54yghu4pqnby.jpg