Sexy part time fashion model is bound, face fucked, dominated, commanded, and fucked to orgasm! | Hailey Young | Matt Williams

December 3, 2012 
 
  
MP4 only.  
  
 
Hailey Young is back. Extremely beautiful, she has the runway model body and can handle, and loves rough, dirty brutal sex. Most girls this pretty are fussy little princesses, not Hailey.

This is the Meet and Great our first scene ever with Hailey. It is designed to test, push and teach the girls bondage strengths and sexual weakness, and then exploit them. All the bondage is done on screen and the scene naturally flows to a brutal conclusion. 

We toss handcuffs at Hailey and command her to cuff herself with arms behind her back. Her long sexy legs look amazing in her short dress. We sit back and masturbate, we embarrass our fashion model as we view her helplessness. We make her bend over and show us her perfect, tight ass. After fully inspecting our new property, she crawls to our cock and we slowly and deeply fuck her beautiful face, but soon Hailey is struggling as we push the cock harder, faster and deeper down her well lubed throat.

We punish Hailey with cock, Breathplay at its finest. She takes the cock but suffers, we push harder, she adjusts and takes it, she is bottomless. We make Hailey stand and back up on our cock. She sits and the cock just slips into her wet shaved pussy. She uses her long legs to great advantage as we make her fuck.

We manhandle her to the center stage, knock her back to her knees and her new life as a fashion suck slave begins. We do not go easy on her, we brutally attack her face. Deep, rough, over-the-top throat fucking. We are ruthless, she is helpless, but she endures it, suffers through the cocksucking like a the best cockwhore on the planet, stunning to behold. We reward her effort with another pussy fucking from behind, it takes just seconds for her to explode in orgasm, that is the power we hold over her,

Still bound with hard metal handcuffs, we gag Hailey with a huge ball gag, spread her long legs, and attach the gag to the pulley system. We stretch Hailey out to her maximum. Pulled to her very tip toes, she suffers. We then abuse her clit with a powerful vibrator. Hailey cannot move a muscle, her legs shaking from stress, we make Hailey cum, and cum and cum. She is completely and utterly helpless and we make her cum again. In the end, we pull Hailey's bondage predicament even tighter, we leave her in storage until we fill the need for personal satisfaction again. Hailey suffers, waiting for us to use her again... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_03hailey/SexuallyBroken-Hailey-Young-Matt-Williams-Sexy%20part%20time%20fashion%20model,%20is%20bound,%20face%20fucked,%20dominated,%20commanded,%20and%20fucked%20to%20orgasm!.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  

Cheers  :-)  

