Driver Easy Professional
 
Detect Unknown Device Driver
 
Automatically Detect & Download Unknown Device Drivers That You Need, Save You Tons of Time and Energy!
 
Keep Existing Driver Up-to-Date
 
Update Drivers to Latest Version, Fine Tune your System and Enable more Advanced Features.
 
Driver Backup, Restore & Uninstall
 
Secure your System with Backup of Installed Drivers, Easy to Roll Back or Restore it. Uninstall Removed Device Drivers to Speed-up Booting.
 
Windows Updates
 
Download and Install Windows Update faster than ever.
 

Driver Easy Features 


Uninstall Removed Hardware Driver

 When you replace the graphic card, do you know Windows still keep your old one driver, and will launch it each time, when Windows start up. This will case the system slowing boot up, and may case some system conflict. Driver Easy allow you uninstall the removed hardware, to clean up your system.

 Your One-Stop Driver Solution

 Driver Easy is design for quickly and easy to identify unknown device's drivers, and keep your driver in latest version. Much more, we have implement driver backup, driver restore, and driver uninstall feature, to ensure your driver secure and safe.

 Smart "Auto-Installation"

 This smart feature is our Industry first technology! It enable user to install the driver automatically ,even help you extract, analyze & install it. What you need to do is to click your mouse once or twice.

 Download Windows Update more faster

 Start from Driver Easy 4.0, we have add a new Windows Update tools, with the smart download server picker, and 2 ~ 5 concurrency download, let you download and install windows update faster than ever.

 Keep Existing Driver Up-to-Date

 With our daily update driver database, your system will improve the performance, fix the blue screen problem, add more enhance feature by install the latest drivers.

 Backup & Restore Drivers

 Do not worry about it if you lost the driver disc, Driver Easy can backup the driver your current installed, you can restore it after system reload. This is an benefit feature if you not sure are the new driver compatible your system or not, you can backup existing driver, and roll-back it later.

 Uninstall Removed Hardware Driver

 When you replace the graphic card, do you know Windows still keep your old one driver, and will launch it each time, when Windows start up. This will case the system slowing boot up, and may case some system conflict. Driver Easy allow you uninstall the removed hardware, to clean up your system.
 

System Requirement

 - Windows XP or Vista or 7 (both 32-bit & 64-bit)
 - Pentium III or higher 
- 128 MB of available RAM
 - 25 MB of free Hard Disk space
 - Internet Connection to Download Driver
 - .NET Framework 2.0
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.
