Disco - Movie Review
Nikhil   | Sara Sharma   | Disco   | Fan Club   | Wallpapers   | Videos   | Events Gallery   
Cong questions BJPs criteria for pr...
SHARE THIS STORY
0

Nikhil, who made his debut through Happy Days in the Telugu film industry, is trying his best to withstand as a solo hero. Though he is getting chance in one or the other, he fails. Disco is yet another film in his career.

Disco (Nikihil) is an orphan. He got this name as the lights in the hospital started flickering when he was born in a government hospital. He has three friends (Qayyum, Vijaya Sai and Paidithalli of Happy Days-fame). He does not bother if somebody attacks him or chides him, but if somebody attacks his friends, he can't stand and can go to any extent to save them.

Once he comes across a girl by name Shiny (Sarah Sharma) and loses his heart to her. But she stays in Bangkok. Disco decides to go to Bangkok along with his friends, where he finds that she is the daughter of a big don (Asish Vidyardhi). Things get complicated from that moment. The don abducts his friends and Disco has to choose his friends or his love.

What Disco does? Will he leave his friends for the sake of his love? What happens to his love? How he saves his friends? What steps he takes to retrieve his love? Answers to all these questions form part of the climax.

Performance: Nikhil has showed some matured performances in this film. Unlike his earlier films, he has improved his diction, mannerisms and histrionics as well as body language. He has given a feel to the regular film viewers that he improved in many aspects. He has showed good ease in dances and action scenes too. However, he can be seen imitating Pawan Kalyan and Raviteja.

Sarah Sharma seems to be good as a publicity material on flexis, but not as a heroine. She has no acting skills and no expressions on her face.

MS Narayana’s performance as a cameo in the film brings smiles on the face of the audiences at times. Ali has played a good rule and delivered good comedy, while Raghubabu too has given good performance. But the director failed to extract the real villainy from an artiste like Asish Vidyarthi and good performances from Sayaji Shinde and Jeeva.

Technical: The film has no proper story and the entire first half was made with some spoofs and comedy scenes. There is no script and screenplay in the film and as a result, the narration turned out to be a big disaster. The cinematographer has worked as per the directions of the director without any individual decisions. The editing of the film too is very bad. Dialogues are good in parts. As a whole, Hari Chanduri’s direction is absolutely poor and atrocious.

Remarks: The film tests your patience. You can safely avoid this film, since the narration of the subject is atrocious and direction appears to be very silly even to the common audience.

Cast: Nikhil, Sarah Sarma, Asish Vidyarthi, Sayaji Shinde, Raghubabu, Jeeva, Brahmanandam, Pruthvi, MS Narayana, Ali Qayyum, Vijaya Sai and Paidithalli (Happy Days fame) and others

Credits: Story, Dialogues – Satish Mallampati; Cinematography – Malharbhatt; Editing – Praveen Pudi, Music Mantra Anand; Presents – Rukmini Reddy; Producers – Macha Ramalinga Reddy and Abhinav Reddy; Screenplay and Direction – Hari K Chanduri

Banner: Style Entertainments

Released on: April 20, 2012





ScreenSHots: http://tamilrockers.net/index.php?showtopic=7499