Hey, TPB was blocked by my ISP so I moved tounder the name 'Mehtevaz' I also uploaded the Diablo 3 guide, but it wasn't worth updating. Then Demonoid got shut down and I eventually got back here.

All my releases are clean, unfortunately TPB doesn't have a DL counter like Demonoid but all my releases have been downloaded thousands of times with all positive feedback.

Respect to Psyched for uploading this and keeping it updated. I will resume to release new versions as they come.


Please help seed!

Instructions:
-------------------
1. Download.
2. Extract.
3. Copy the extracted folder to your WoW/Interface/AddOns folder.
- Both Horde and Alliance folders are included, if you don't play both, don't worry, WoW will only load the appropriate guide.
4. Launch WoW.
5. Once you are logged in and at your character screen, click the AddOns button and make sure that ZygorGuidesViewe is checked.
6. Launch the game and enjoy.

Bug Fixes:
-------------------

-- Alliance Guides Change Log --
LEVELING
* Astrolabe fixed to work with 4.x again, for a moment

ACHIEVEMENTS


DAILIES


-- Horde Guides Change Log --

LEVELING


ACHIEVEMENTS


DAILIES

EVENTS


DUNGEON


Other Changes
* Updated starting zones for the new patch with maps and training quests.
* Italian locale now supported (though not translated).

Guide Viewer AddOn

* Updated to support patch 5.0.4
- New separate starter zones
- New talent system, with Talent Advisor now merged into the main addon
- Foglight updated for all the new zones


Zygor Guides Info:
-------------------

In just a couple months, the mists from the south of Azeroth will clear and a new discovery will be made in the World of Warcraft. Adventurers from all over will find themselves arriving in Pandaria, an all new continent and the setting for Blizzard Entertainment's fourth WoW expansion, Mists of Pandaria.

This expansion will be a tremendous breath of fresh air for World of Warcraft, which is now approaching its 8th anniversary. The new zones of Pandaria share a cultural similarity to real world Asia, and are a great change of pace from the heavily medieval fantasy setting of past expansions.

Mists of Pandaria will bring with it new quests, new areas to explore, and new monsters to slay, as well as:

>A new race, the Pandaren, and their favourite class, a martial-arts Monk
>The Pet Battle System, which will let you turn your cuddly pets into lean, mean, fighting machines
>New multi-player instanced quests called Scenarios
>Challenge Modes, in which you'll need to master dungeons to a far greater degree 

With all of these changes, Zygor Guides has been hard at work updating our entire suite of products with loads of new content. In order to make sure you're ready to hit the ground running when the game releases, Zygor lets you preorder your copy of these awesome guides now! By doing so, you will automatically receive the Mists of Pandaria content the instant it is released. 