Aurora 3D Text & Logo Maker
 
Aurora 3D Text & Logo Maker will allow even the technically inexperienced to quickly and effortlessly compose and arrange strikingly beautiful and impressive 3D Graphics, high quality text and logos. Do you have pressing needs to finish your design project quickly and easily? Then donΓÇÖt look any further! With the hundreds of templates built in within Aurora3D Software, youΓÇÖll be able to take advantage of a myriad of eye-catching effects like reflections and deformation textures. Or if you prefer, you could import your own images and modify and adapt them to meet your unique design needs! Create 3D text effect and logo animation in minutes for the website and your movies! You donΓÇÖt even need to be proficient over the layout or 3D Design basics!
 
Your goal may be to enhance and vitalize your images, web pages or to display your text or graphics with interesting effects, but unfortunately you may not be familiar with 3D design software. The learning curve for 3DSMax may be too steep and costly, while the skills to use Photoshop tend to be tedious and slow. Here is where we comes to your rescue with its ease to use and powerful set of design tools for your text, shapes or logo needs.
 
Our software will provide you with hundreds of style options, and save you time while increasing your efficiency with many user-friendly operations such as: reflections, mixing, deformation textures, and many others, metal, glass, plastic and various texture effects, while always maintaining impressive 3D effects! Additionally, hand shape, svg graphics, font graphics imports, or import of pictures and external models, will provide you with the flexibility and power that you require for your intended designs.
 
Do you need a simple way to make outstanding title and banner animations, or promote your website with unique logos and advertisement? Our Software will provide you with all the satisfaction of creating magnificent designs while also providing you flexible tools for composing persuasive advertising products. Once finished, you can then directly export to image, video, gif animation, swf(Windows), picture sequences and many kinds of video format animations compatible with different design software. Please take a look at our sample design products and agree that Aurora 3D Text & Logo Maker is the best 3D text effect designer, 3D logo maker software!
 

1. One click to add 3D object(200+ templates)
2. 3000+ Symbols and import SVG
3. 50+ Professional Project templates
4. 60+ Additional TrueType fonts
5. 80+ Object Style 
6. One click apply animated effects(10+)
7. Export to PNG, JPG, Tiff, BMP, GIF, TGA etc.
8. Export Animation to Movie, SWF(Windows), GIF animation or Image Sequence as you like.
 
Supported OS:
 
Windows 7/vista/xp
 
Homepage: http://www.presentation-3d.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Use given serial to register application.
4. Done, Enjoy.
 