POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 23 - Secret Space Program Conference 2011





Description:Secret Space Program Amsterdam Conference 2011:
FROM THE SECRET SPACE Program Conference, April, 2011 in Amsterdam, video of the key speakers’ presentations—shedding new light on our hidden ancient past, present and future: where human society is going,who is the driving force behind it, how a split in world civilization is imminent, and insights into coming earth changes…

This series includes the following special guest speakers and presentation topics:
Timothy Good - Aliens ǀ A need to know ǀ The Greatest Cover-up of all time.
The secrets that the military/industrial complex has tried to suppress and the inner workings of all countries have shared are enclosed in this fact based and comprehensive presentation that the average citizen never hears about. Secrets that are revealed for the first time about astronauts who had interaction with ufo’s , incidents where UFOs have been fired upon by the military, and other occasions where aircraft have been ‘shot’ down or ‘absorbed’ by extraterrestrial craft.

Advanced technological secrets that the military have gleaned from crashed UFOs [which] of course remain hidden within ‘black’ programmes. Open your minds and take in knowledge. It will amaze you, maybe frighten you, and maybe change your world as to the reality of our “visitors” and our place in the cosmic system. Your mind will be altered and your mind will be open to the mystery of the ages changed forever.

Richard Dolan - Worlds Above and Below ǀ How A Secret Civilization Broke Away From Our Own.
One thing that a study of the UFO makes abundantly clear: someone is operating technology that is not supposed to exist, and yet it does. Silent craft, for example, that can instantly accelerate, many of which are said to be of non-human origin, but others which are argued to be of classified manufacture. Is there a clandestine infrastructure that has made significant breakthroughs, but which has kept them secret from the rest of us? Richard Dolan answers in the affirmative. He argues that the UFO phenomenon is infinitely more complex than many have previously suggested, and that human and non-human groups are behind what we call UFOs.

Within the human, classified part, breakthroughs have leap-frogged over each other to produce a society with substantially more advanced scientific, technological, and cosmological ideas — a society that can accurately be called a “breakaway civilization.” This covert civilization has continued to interact with our own “official” society, but at the same time appears to have interactions or encounters with one or more of the non-human groups that are here on Planet Earth. The result is a clandestine cold war, very possibly with multiple human and non-human factions.


Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
