Gasp.Gag.And.Gape.2.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly

Starring	Phoenix Marie, Krissy Lynn, Kelly Divine, Kati Summers, Mark Wood, Anthony Rosano

For The Connoisseur: Ass Suffocation, Face Fucking And Anal Gaping At Its Best!

The filmmaking team known as Le Wood Productions - Latina MILF beauty Francesca Le and well-hung porn stud Mark Wood - returns with 'Gasp, Gag and Gape 2,' their second niche-rich extravaganza for Evil Angel's Buttman Magazine Choice line of ass-oriented specialty videos. The title describes a kinky triple threat: literally breathtaking face sitting; intense throat fucking; and butt fucking that produces widely stretched sphincters. Four new scenes star lovely, big-assed, busty bombshells. Each proves versatile enough to take a prick way down her gullet and a pounding rectal splaying... but also to dominate a dude with hard-core ass smothering! While she waters the yard, chesty redhead Krissy Lynn is startled by neighbor Mark. The soft-assed sweetheart invites him in for severe, twisted ass play and gagging oral lust.

After planting her fine haunches over his face, Krissy enjoys a fierce ass reaming and an open-mouth cum facial. Monster-butt sexpot Kelly Divine torments boyfriend Anthony Rosano, suffocating him with her huge, meaty ass. The amazingly voluptuous slut chokes on his erection and has her hindquarters expanded sodomy-style. Mark treats blonde cutie Katie Summers to some rainy day analingus and a throat-drilling face fuck. After dilating her rosebud with his fat pole, he delivers a messy oral cum shot. Finally, brunette handywoman Phoenix Marie stops by to help Mark with some home repair, but ends up cutting off his air supply during a face-crushing afternoon of ass dominance. 'Gasp, Gag and Gape 2' gives the viewer three perversions for the price of one! 

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=fi128jq1xb59q5ja2dyl.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=er3u6aa7jnyq9xufx6or.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=39cs3bcvoe990rmf3d06.jpg
