Parachuting: The Skydiver's Handbook (10th Edition)
by Dan Poynter and Mike Turoff
Para Publishing | April 2007 | ISBN-10: 1568601417 | 408 pages | PDF | 13.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Parachuting-Skydivers-Handbook-Dan-Poynter/dp/1568601417

Parachuting, The Skydiver's handbook is directed to those looking into the sport for the first time as well as the advance jumper. Every phase of skydiving, canopy flying, safety and equipment is covered.
Skydiving! It's not just falling but the thrill of unencumbered horizontal flight. Sport parachuting today is not
rough and tumble. New equipment and the latest training techniques tet you advance quickly to graceful freefall, swift and controlled canopy flight, and smooth and easy tip-toe landings. This all-new, revised edition covers every phase of sky diving from beginning to advanced.
You will Discover:
• What will happen on your first jump and your next ...
• Exceptional freefal! maneuvers that will surprise your instructors
• Advanced canopy flying techniques
• To be thoroughly prepared for every possible emergency
• How to open your reserve parachute
• All about Automatic Activation Oevices
• Why people jump out of planes
• Where to get the best equipment and what to look for
• How to get into the action with lists of skydiving centers, parachute equipment dealers, books, videos, magazines and more-worldwide.

About the Author
Dan Poynter is an author of more than 120 books, has been a publisher since 1969 and is a Certified Speaking Professional (CSP). He is an evangelist for books, an ombudsman for authors, an advocate for publishers and the godfather to thousands of successfully-published books. His seminars have been featured on CNN, his books have been pictured in The Wall Street Journal and his story has been told in The New York Times. The media come to Dan because he is the leading authority on book publishing. Dan travels more than 6,000 miles each week to share, inspire and empower writers, publishers and professional speakers through keynotes and seminars. Some of his books are Writing Nonfiction, The Self-Publishing Manual, The Skydiver's Handbook, The Expert Witness Handbook and The Older Cat. Dan shows people how to make a difference while making a living by coaching them on the writing, publishing and promoting of their books.He has turned thousands of people into successful authors. His mission is to see that people do not die with a book still inside them.

CONTENTS
About the Authors 6
Chapter One - Jump? Out of an Airplane? 9
Chapter Two - Your First Jump and Your Second and Your Third . . . 33
Chapter Three - Parachuting Down Through the Ages A Brief History 85
Chapter Four - Skydiving Emergencies 109
Chapter Five - Your Progression in the Sport Beyond Those First Jumps - USPA's ISP 81
Chapter Six - Your Canopy Progression 223
Chapter Seven - Skydiving Equipment 249
Chapter Eight - Specialized Jumps 333
Chapter Nine - Advancement in Skydiving 349
Appendix 369
Glossary 375
Index 393