  Enter the world of the Outsider in Dishonored: Dunwall City Trials, the
  first add-on pack for the critically-acclaimed first-person action game by
  Arkane Studios. Your combat, stealth and mobility skills will be put to the
  test as you make your way through 10 distinct maps that feature a variety of
  challenges. Creatively combine your supernatural abilities, weapons and
  gadgets to eliminate as many targets as possible, fight off waves of
  tallboys, guards, weepers and thugs, or take out targets in a non-stop run
  of drop assassinations. Dunwall City Trials also features a new set of
  achievements and trophies as well as a global online leaderboard.

  Key Features:
  * Ten Unique Challenges
  * Experience Dishonored's flexible combat system, stealth gameplay, and
    distinct settings in a whole new way as you make your way through timed
    and scored challenges in Dunwall City Trials. Put your assassination
    skills to the test as you combine your supernatural powers and gadgets to
    eliminate your enemies and collect clues to identify and dispatch your
    target. Try your hand in non-lethal challenges as you shoot down whale oil
    tanks raining from the sky or infiltrate a mansion to collect the loot
    unseen by your foes.
  * Global Online Leaderboard
  * Your high scores and rank for each trial will be recorded and displayed
    in a global online leaderboard. Every point and every second counts when
    going up against the best of the best.
  * New Achievements and Unlockable Gallery
  * In addition to a brand new set of achievements and trophies, an image
    gallery filled with original concept art and other surprises can be
    unlocked as you complete each trial and meet each of its various
    objectives.


  1. Install into your <install> dir, overwriting existing files.
  2. Play the game.
  3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13531.0


We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team