 http://www.brotherhoodofthescreamingabyss.com/

In this excerpt, read at the EntheonGaia conference in Cairns Australia, Dennis reads an excerpt from Chapter 31 The Brotherhood of the Screaming Abyss in which the peculiar notions of ΓÇÿtranslinguistic matterΓÇÖ and the biophysical experiment suggested by the Teacher are presented.

Imminent release of the Ebook version of Brotherhood of the Screaming Abyss!
Update by Dennis McKenna [Nov. 15, 2012, KickStarter.com]

Hello and warmest greetings to all, 

It's time for another update for everyone who has supported this project through Kickstarter or other channels.  This time I'm pleased to report something other than 'it's coming, please be patient.'  This time, it's actually happening! There will be Ebooks for sale on Amazon.com and Barnesandnobel.com by Friday (as most of you know, the latter is for owners of the Nook, while Amazon's Ebook platform is Kindle).  The printed version is on the way; printing is nearly complete, and I should be able to take delivery in the next few days. Those will also be sold through Amazon.com primarily, as well as through personal venues over the coming months. I'm already looking forward to that and also looking forward to meeeting many of you who have so generously supported this project. It's been a team effort all the way.  It will take a while to get the inventory shipped to Amazon and available for sale; I remain hopeful that orders placed early can still be shipped in time for Christmas, should you want to give some to your friends (please do!).  Since the printed book is  not available yet, you can't order it from Amazon, but you can add it to your wish list and ask to be notified when it's available. 

Just a word about piracy.  Please don't! I know there's always a temptation to share this information widely, but remember, every free copy given out is money out of my pocket for something I've worked hard to create.  The Ebook is deliberately priced modestly so most people can order their own copies.  If you just can't resist, I suggest some ethical guidelines: for every free Ebook you give out, make a donation of equivalent value to either the Heffter Research Institute (www.heffter.org) or to Erowid (www.erowid.org).  Both of these are fine organizations doing excellent work that we all believe in. So, fair enough? Fair enough! 

Dennis McKenna [November 15th, 2012]

 