Aether - The Physicalists' God (Epub, Doc, HTML, PDF)

Books ΓÇ║ Nonfiction ΓÇ║ English

Aether: The Physicalists' God
by Laurent R. Duchesne

ISBN/EAN13: 1438205325 / 9781438205328

Language: English

Related Categories: Philosophy of Science

Description:

This is not a new theory but a new insight into already existing theories. A freshly synthesized interpretation, consistent with already known and well accepted scientific facts. A fresh perspective in which the aether concept is reintroduced in an attempt to reconcile a centuries old notion of wholeness in space and time with actually established scientific paradigms. In addition to arguing for a common substrate to all matter in a purely dialectical way, without math or complicated formulas, I relate self-awareness and perception to non-living, self-organized systems. Thereby suggesting that Consciousness is not an independent supernatural entity that precedes matter, but an intrinsic property of all matter.

We need to take a better look at the cold hard facts. We have made huge technological advances, but spiritually and therefore politically, we have been stuck in time for the last two thousand years. For Humanity to solve its spiritual and political problems it needs to conclusively figure out the relationships between being, matter, and space. Before we can move forward, we need to make up our minds between fantasy and reality, we have to choose between superstition and reason.

This book represents, in a short and informal style, what I have realized after a lifelong quest for proof of wholeness in space and time as a fundamental property of the universe. It is aimed at a general audience, going from the specialist to the layman, with the hope of further popularizing these deeply philosophical issues. 

---------------------------------

Buy the book here:

e-Book
 
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/115565
 
http://www.amazon.com/dp/B006AT9WK4


Paperback
 
http://www.amazon.com/dp/1438205325
 
https://www.createspace.com/3340454