progeCAD 2013 Professional

progeCAD, powered by IntelliCAD 7.x, is an AutoCAD® Industry compatible 2D/3D CAD application that works with AutoCAD® DWG files from AutoCAD® 2.5 through AutoCAD® 2013!

progeCAD is the first Alternative CAD opening 2013 DWG and compatible with Windows 8!

progeCAD's original format DWG ensures a complete compatibility with AutoCAD® WITHOUT ANY FILE CONVERSION and without loosing any critical information. progeCAD lets you export drawing files both in DWG and DXF format.

progeCAD supports an interface complete with an "AutoCAD® - Like" icon menu and "AutoCAD® - Like" commands.

progeCAD Professional is general-purpose 2D and 3D design software useful for CAD field & concept sketch. It offers very high compatibility with AutoCAD® and Direct Modeling in native .dwg. progeCAD is so much more than an alternative!

2013 new features: 

DWG 2013 support
Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP full compatibility
Up to 20 times faster in Open and Save.

PC3 Print Support
a plotter configuration file, or PC3 file, enables you to easily configure a plotter and to save the settings for later use
Multigrip Editing
modifies, moves, rotates, scales, stretches a single or multiple objects using multiple Grips
Snap Extension
snaps to some point along the imaginary extension of a line, arc or polyline segment
Separated Hatches and Editing
creation and editing (including trimming) of separated hatches
New Dimension Options and Features
Quick Dimension, Jogged Dimension, Inspection Dimension, Arc Lenght
Multiline Command
allows to draw multiple parallel lines in a single command
EasyArch Metric and Imperial
the powerful Architectural plugin supports now also Imperial measurement
Improved Multi-line text
several new features and options available for Multi-line text input
New Print Interface
the AutoCAD®-like style print dialog with Page Setup Manager
Traceparts and Cadenas for progeCAD 
iCADLib integrates the progeCAD Traceparts web portal and progeCAD Cadenas web portal for easy-guided usage of more than 100 million of blocks. Directly guided block insertion from the web into your drawings just in a snap
PDF, DWF and DGN Underlay
PDF files can be attached as an underlay to a drawing file and used as a background for your drawings
DGN Import
opens Microstation files
FlatShot
converts 3D solids to a 3-view 2D drawing
AEC objects visualization
graphical entities created with Architectural Desktop can be visualized inside a DWG drawing
Spline Editing
deletes, adds, moves fit points of a spline; opens or closes a spline; edit the spline start and end tangents
Dimension Style Manager
creates new styles, sets the current style, modifies styles, sets overrides on the current style and compares styles
Helix and Loft Commands
draws a 3D polyline in the form of a helix; extrudes several shapes and makes one continuous object
STL and Collada (DAE) Export
COLLADA is a COLLAborative Design Activity for establishing an interchange file format for interactive 3D applications.
STL (STereoLithography) is a file format native to the stereolithography CAD software for rapid prototyping (3D printers)

Supported OS:

Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP full compatibility.

Homepage: http://www.progesoft.com/en/products/progecad-professional/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Run"Regme"and merge it to registry.
4. Delete "ProgesoftUpdater.dll" from installation directory.
5. Done, Enjoy.
