The first book (air) of Korra!



Backstory
After the conclusion of the War, Aang and Zuko brought people from the four nations together and founded the United Republic, creating Republic City, a large "metropolis powered by steampunk-type technology" such as cars and motorcycles. Aang and Katara had three children, the youngest of which is Tenzin, who has been confirmed to be an airbender. Meanwhile, Toph Bei Fong traveled extensively to teach metalbending. After Aang's death, the next Avatar, Korra, was born to the Southern Water Tribe. At the present time, seventy years after the end of the War, Korra is a rebellious seventeen year-old girl. As the Avatar, she has already mastered waterbending, earthbending, and firebending. She will learn airbending from Aang and Katara's son Tenzin. Tenzin himself is married; Pema is his wife. Jinora, a "bookworm", and Ikki, a "motor-mouth", are his daughters while Meelo, his youngest child, is his son.

The primary and only confirmed setting is Republic City. Anti-benders called "Equalists", who oppose the arts of bending, utilize techniques such as chi blocking to further their goals of revolution, led by Amon. Korra must fight rampant crime and the anti-bender revolt, assisted by two brothers, Mako, a firebender, and Bolin, an earthbender. She is also joined by her animal guide, Naga, and the metalbending police force of Republic City, who are led by Toph's daughter.

Main Story
In the premiere episode, "Welcome to Republic City," Korra leaves the safety of her home and
travels to bustling Republic City to begin her airbending training. Once there, she is shocked
to find a big city full of dangers, including criminal bending gangs and a vocal anti-bending
revolution. 

In episode two, "A Leaf in the Wind," Korra is living with her airbending teacher Tenzin on Air Temple Island. 
Frustrated with her inability to master airbending, she turns her attentions to Republic City's famous Pro-bending
Arena. There she befriends two brothers, Mako (David Faustino) and Bolin (P.J. Byrne), who compete in professional
bending matches. Korra is immediately drawn to Pro-bending's dynamic fighting style.