
The Hip Hop Collection - a series of educative and entertaining info dvd's

Please enjoy, share with friends and seed :)

Beef is a 2003 film that documents the history of hip-hop feuds. The films producers were Peter Spirer, Casey Suchan and Denis Henry Hennelly and the executive producer was Quincy Jones III (QD3). It was written by Peter Alton and Peter Spirer (who also directed), and was narrated by actor Ving Rhames.

This film takes a chronological look at battles (some friendly, but many personal) dating back to rap music's infancy in the early 1980s. The notable rivalries discussed include KRS-One vs. MC Shan, Kool Moe Dee vs. Busy Bee, 50 Cent vs. Murder Inc., Tru Life vs. Mobb Deep, Common vs. Ice Cube & Westside Connection, the break-up of legendary group N.W.A, which includes Ice Cubes abrupt departure, and the later animosty between Dr. Dre and Eazy-E, the highly publicized Jay-Z vs. Nas rivalry and the most infamous feud of them all, 2Pac vs. The Notorious B.I.G..

Many prominent hip-hop personalities such as Russell Simmons, Snoop Dogg, Kool Moe Dee, Jay-Z, KRS-One, Mack 10, DMX, and Ice-T also participate in the film through interviews (some done for the film, as well as archived interviews from other sources, such as MTV and BET clips). Beef also features newly-released performances by many musical artists.

Beef also features never-before seen performances by many of the film's participants and many others, plus extended portions of interviews that did not make the final cut of the film. One portion of the extended interviews features part of an interview with Nate Dogg talking about an incident that occurred around 1995 at a Dogg Pound video shoot, in which entourage members representing Ruthless Records showed up and started a big brawl with members of then-rival Death Row Records. Although Nate Dogg did not mention them by name (he however subtlety mentioned the duo's less-than-successful 1995 album Real Brothaz), rappers B.G. Knocc Out and Dresta (who participated in Eazy-Es hit diss recording, Real Muthaphuckkin Gs) were among the alleged participants in the fight.
