Year: 2012
Country: USA
Genre: Gonzo, Anal
Duration: 2:57:00
English
Directed by: Rocco Siffredi
Studio: Evil Angel
Cast: Amanda, Ferrera Gomez, Milla, Dulsineya, Linda, Nataly Gold, Lindsay, Markus, Krokodil, Rocco Siffredi, Angel Rivas, Tiffany Doll, Rick Angel, Frenk Torelli, Lisa, Delilah Strong, Lucie, Steve Holmes, Cristian Devil

Description:

P Legendary performer  director Rocco Siffredi is known for his nasty anal adventures and extreme fetish play. But sometimes this icon of adult video just likes to goof off with a gaggle of gorgeous sluts. His latest such batch of silly vignettes, "Rocco's World," features lighthearted stories of adorable young beauties getting into sexy trouble with the Italian stud and his mates. First, Rocco meets up with two fake sailors who've concocted a great scam. Rocco poses as a foreign ship's admiral ... and a mob of six stunning girls who can't resist a man in uniform Rocco surround the "seamen." Their subsequent orgy is a mess of butt fucking, cocksucking and one delicious cake that gets smeared in every crevice! Next, fishnet-clad domme bitch Angel Rivas wields a strap-on dildo to subjugate foxy Ferrera Gomez and nerdy model Tiffany Doll. She plunders their assholes using various toys. Rick Angel and Frenk Torelli help out by anally reaming the trio of lusty ladies and decorating their faces with cum. Christian Devil trains Steve Holmes' big-assed American maid, Delilah Strong, in some kitchen wizardry. After using Delilah's phat, round booty to crack eggs, he joins Steve in giving the slutty servant a double measure of cock meat. Finally, lovely Lucie and Lisa are slender roommates who eagerly take the director's huge pole in every orifice. "This is not a fetish movie - the whole concept was to show fun," says Rocco. For a good fucking time, pay a visit to "Rocco's World!"

Video quality: DVDRip
Video format: AVI
Video: 624x352 (1.77:1), 29.97 fps, XviD MPEG-4 ~ 1059 kbps
Audio: 48 kHz, MPEG Layer 3, 2 ch, ~ 128.00 kbps avg
 
http://imgload.me/img-509b4c66e78be.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-509b4c66cc65a.html 

