Follow my uploads here:                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

See the current Moon phase with animations created by satellites.
Learn the current phase of the Moon with one of the most detailed and scientifically accurate visualizations ever made of the Moon.

☾"Beautiful to watch, and supports a great site." - Kolunya

This app shows you the current phase of the Moon, using a simulation of the lunar surface created by NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance mission during its observations of the Moon.

☾"It does exactly what it says and helps support an awesome site." - Erik

The image accurately represents not only the current phase of the Moon, but also the distance to the Moon - updating in real-time. The Moon appears larger when it's closer, and smaller when it's more distant.

You can smoothly drag the Moon phase back and forth with your finger, or even "spin it" to quickly advance forwards or backwards. It's kind of hypnotic.

☽ Beautiful images of the Moon were made by NASA from data collected by spacecraft.

☽ See the current date, distance, phase name and illumination percentage.

☽ Swipe left and right to move forward or backwards in time to see what the Moon will look like in the future or past. It slides back and forth with "buttery" smoothness. Spin it faster or slower.

☽ Need to find the next full Moon? You can click a button to take you to the next full Moon or new Moon.

☽ You can also access a calendar that shows you the phase of the Moon for any date in the future.

☽ Share your phase of the Moon images on all the popular social networks

☽ Put a phase of the Moon widget right on your desktop

Developed by Universe Today. Please email me if you have any questions or there are any problems with your specific version of Android.

Moon images created by NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 20, 2012)

    New widget
    Moon rise/set time
    Dynamic background
    Moon image and information sharing
    Hemisphere detection
    Bug fixes and improvements

Required Android O/S : 2.5+



                                By bobiras2009		