genre: strategy / real-time / virtual life 
release date: September 19, 2008 
compatible with: Windows (XP, Vista, 7) 
languages: English 
developer / publisher: Introversion Software / Introversion Software 
game modes: single-player, multi-player 

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase: 
manual 
wallpaper 
soundtrack 
4 avatars 
12 artworks 
20 developers' photos 

What's cool about it: 

Features six multiplayer modes: Blitzkrieg, Assault, Rocket Riot, King of the Hill, Capture the Statue, and Domination. 
Gather your Multiwinians into formations to make them stronger and more effective. 
Power-ups dropped at random times from the sky can make or break a winning strategy! 

Overview: 

Long ago a computer scientist called Dr Sepulveda created a beautiful digital world existing entirely within a computer network of his own invention. This world was called Darwinia and it was inhabited by a peaceful, law-abiding digital life-form called the Darwinians. As the years wore on however the Darwinians became ever more aggressive and autonomous. They divided into factions, squabbling over Darwinia s limited natural resources. Tribes began to roam the fractal voids hell bent on each other s destruction, drunk on power and unswerving in the pursuit of world supremacy. Far and wide, they became known as the Multiwinians . 

Welcome to Multiwinia: Survival of the Flattest   the ultimate retro-arcade multiplayer experience! Choose from a selection of six hilariously fun, action-packed game modes, set in one of the most beautiful game environments you will ever set eyes on. Challenge your opponent to a game of stick-man slaughter, and watch digital war unfold as your Multiwinian army struggles to complete a chosen task faster and better than your rival s. It  fast, it  furious, and only the flattest will survive! 

Multilayer notice: In order to access multiplayer you must first enter your unique cd-key that can be found under My Account. This is NOT included. 

Age requirements: PEGI Rating: 7+ with Violence. 

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7, 1.8 GHz Processor, 1GB RAM, 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended), 2GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard. 

Installation 

Install and play
