The Graphic Designer's Digital Toolkit: A Project-Based Introduction to Adobe Photoshop CS5, Illustrator CS5 & InDesign CS5 (5th Ed)
By Allan Wood
Delmar Cengage Learning | 2011 | ISBN-10: 1-111-13801-X | PDF | xxiii+729 pages | 93.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Graphic-Designers-Digital-Toolkit-Project-Based/dp/111113801X

Graphic DesignerΓÇÖs Digital Toolkit! - Here you will learn the essential skills and design techniques to get you comfortable using the newest versions of the premier graphics programs in the industry today: Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. This book is set up as a challenging hands-on, project-based classroom book with which students will complete useful, real-world projects that a designer would normally create for a client. This book also contains terminology or language used in the graphics today to give the learner an understanding of terms and techniques. It is created for college students who are taking introductory classes in computer graphics applications, digital media, or graphic design or as a supplementary text providing projects for courses in Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign.

BRIEF CONTENTS
Chapter 1: Welcome to the Land of OS
Chapter 2: Designing for the Client
Unit Review 1: Getting Ready for Production
Chapter 3: Adjusting Images in Photoshop
Chapter 4: Working with Selections and Channels
Chapter 5: Using Layers
Chapter 6: Restoring and Coloring a Black and White Photograph
Unit Review 2: Digital Image Editing: Adobe Photoshop CS5
Chapter 7: Creating Shapes with Illustrator
Chapter 8: Working with Brushes, Symbols, and Layers
Chapter 9: Precision with the Pen Tool
Chapter 10: Integrating Photoshop and Illustrator Files for Web Use
Unit Review 3: Digital Illustration: Adobe Illustrator CS5
Chapter 11: InDesign Fundamentals
Chapter 12: Working with Multipage Documents
Appendix A: Completed Projects and Tutorials
Glossary
Index

About the Author
Allan B. Wood served 12 years as an Associate Professor and Program Chair of the Graphic Design and Professional Photography degree programs at McIntosh College in New Hampshire. In 2006 he was awarded a second place standing for Educator of the Year in the Computer Design: Graphics and Photography category among 80 colleges participating. He has over 22 years of teaching experience and 15 years working in graphic design and photography environments, including fi ve years as full-time portrait photographer and graphics lab business owner. As a member of the New Hampshire Professional PhotographerΓÇÖs Association, in addition to being a portrait photographer, Allan is a New England lighthouse enthusiast and has had a 16-month lighthouse calendar published. He has also published two front-cover magazine photos. He has won various photography awards, including Best Professional in a state professional photo exhibition, and his images have appeared in national greeting cards, a calendar, and catalogs.