-=- Proudly Presents -=-

The Walking Dead: Episode 2 - Starved for Help (c) Telltale Games

Release On : 1 July 2012 Disk Amount/Format : 1 DVD ISO

Type of Game : Adventure Media Protection : Steam

Release Information:

The Walking Dead is a five-part game series set in the same universe as

Robert Kirkman's award-winning comic book series. Play as Lee Everett, a

convicted criminal, who has been given a second chance at life in a world

devastated by the undead. With corpses returning to life and survivors

stopping at nothing to maintain their own safety, protecting an orphaned

girl named Clementine may offer him redemption in a world gone to hell.

A continuing story of adventure horror spanning across 5 episodes:

Episode 1 - A New Day (Available Now)

Episode 2 - Starved for Help (Available Now)

Episode 3 - Long Road Ahead

Episode 4 - Around Every Corner

Episode 5 - No Time Left

Features:

Based on Robert Kirkman's Eisner-Award winning comic book series, The

Walking Dead allows gamers to experience the true horror of the zombie

apocalypse

A tailored game experience - Live with the profound and lasting

consequences of the decisions that you make in each episode. Your actions

and choices will affect how your story plays out across the entire series.

Experience events, meet people and visit locations that foreshadow the

story of Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes

Meet Glenn before he heads to Atlanta, explore Hershels farm before Rick

and his group of survivors arrive and before the barn becomes a notorious

location in Walking Dead lore

You'll be forced to make decisions that are not only difficult, but that

will require you to make an almost immediate choice. There's no time to

ponder when the undead are pounding the door down!

Features meaningful decision-making, exploration, problem solving and a

constant fight for survival in a world overrun by the undead

Artwork inspired by the original comic books

Burn/mount, install, copy crack, play!

NOTE: this release includes Episode 1 as well!

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO

(C) E/dfs

" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "