Deadfall - Olivia Wilde 2012

NL ENG FR subs (.mka)

1280 x 352 **** /x.264/ac3/ 6.4/10 / It's alright, little sis - It's a good sign when you feel a little bad.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1667310/  
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/77389

Olivia Wilde
Charlie Hunnam
Eric Bana

Verenigde Staten
Misdaad / Thriller

95 minuten

geregisseerd door Stefan Ruzowitzky
met Olivia Wilde, Charlie Hunnam en Eric Bana

Addison (Eric Bana) en Liza (Olivia Wilde) zijn broer en zus. Ze zijn op de vlucht na een mislukte overval op een casino waarbij ze een rijksagent hebben gedood. Ondertussen is de voormalige bokser Jay (Charlie Hunnam) op weg naar zijn ouders, June en de gepensioneerde sheriff Chet, om Thanksgiving Day te vieren. Door een speling van het lot zullen hun wegen elkaar kruisen.

Deadfall - Olivia Wilde 2012

Siblings Addison and Liza are on the run with the stolen loot from a casino job gone horribly wrong. Meanwhile, troubled ex-boxer Jay heads for Thanksgiving dinner with his parents, June and retired sheriff Chet. What will happen when their worlds collide in a twist of fate?

--------------------------------------------------

Very very good. one of the best of this year 2012, - 2 November 2012

i like this movie a lot. wonderfully written screenplay with very good directing and very very good casting. the whole movie was a textbook-like production. there were several threads that gradually woven together, sister-brother complicated relationship, prodigal son to his parents, local police chief to his daughter, aging old couple's love, plus a a deadly blizzard in the northern border town. 

Beautifully shot, pressure building up, accidental romance. the snow mobile chasing scene was like a 007 identical one, very very well shot. the storyline was so well crafted that led all the main characters going to the old couple's house on the eve of thanksgiving. 

Every actor did almost a perfect performance that made this movie one of the best viewing experiences of this year. what i like most of it was there's no annoying computer generated cgi graphics, no big explosions with dynamite, just pure stuntman-ship and traditional editing. love it. a very well focused movie, solved everything at the end of it. love triumphant in the end. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

French

Addison et sa sœur Liza sont en fuite après un casse qui a mal tourné. Suite à un accident de voiture, ils se séparent pour rejoindre la frontière canadienne alors qu’une tempête de neige se prépare. Addison sème la terreur sur son passage, pendant que Liza rencontre Jay, un ex-boxeur en route pour fêter Thanksgiving chez ses parents. Le chemin des deux fugitifs ne va pas tarder à se croiser…