Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:             
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:              
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:             
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:             
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?97iuct32cazcorvwk54k6ugz86j  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?krdscpooar1nn6znode6fdpkgt   face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?bqtwh6nuvah51ir15xzrkc5qs43g breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?l7b0pk9zm3otj8u092rwudqkr4o  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?oj002vq8hj2r16sixsnurdd4i4v  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8lcxbl4cd9mjz1ifsi2l90l45s0  ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?fcfzg0gw7t201aijm13ee4uyl4no vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?p0tcsy5et3z99rffugxj6z1cs    vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6xyh9oa0fn0tx0koblxk0pkgwv5  vid 2 screeens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?fdb3hria58jw30ccrir2ne75uqak vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Thanks for the invite guys! I've been waiting to do this shoot like, now 4 months! I don't know if there's just a long waitlist of girls or it was the distance I had to travel (from Omaha). So I've ended up doing some simpler softcore shoots in LA while I waited. This experience though was like no other! It really was a whole lot of fun, and now I understand why the girls on those tour videos look so happy. Even though I've never run naked, or shown my breasts at a breakfast place, it really is fun to do especially how its shot. There was so much movement, motion, action in my videos everything else I've shot seems slow motion now. Sure, I needed encouragement, its not like I'm akin to flashing my breasts at some random guys, but I do like my figure. I'm originally Czech, and I'm pretty well traveled. I just got back from Egypt a few weeks ago, right before the whole mess started with their revolution. We ended up in Greece, and I've traveled to many other countries in Europe as well. But I'm really a simple girl, I'm not high maintenance, and like the simple things in life. My family isn't conservative, and we are free to see our future as we see fit. I love the Arts, and went through 2 years of Art School but its become too expensive to continue. I have a total passion in painting, but its not like it pays the bills. My love of arts led to my involvement in photography, and eventually posing nude for some glamour photographers. This is my first real step into porn, but just so you know, I would never do hardcore. I don't see softcore or even FTV the same as hardcore porn. I hear girls come back a second time if they're favorites so don't forget to favorite me! xoxo

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Dani's shoot has been in the works for a while now, but because of the distance she had to travel, and some Omaha to Phoenix logistics issues, it took a while to work out. I'm happy she did make it, as she was a perfect FTV girl. Loved her figure, hence why I termed it 'Erotic Form' -- she is a total turn-on in person, especially naked. Ahhh, too bad I can't do anything about it. She originally submitted these pics: #1 #2 and a very hot breast shot #3. Then two professionally shot ones: #4 #5. She arrived the night before, and we started first thing in the morning. Why not start with a breakfast interview -- a charming girl with a beautiful smile, and perfect breasts... flashing in a very busy restaurant. We actually did get caught by an 'angry housewife' when shooting the topless photos on the street. She was raging and on her cell phone, so we went back inside. It didnt stop us from going to another open, public place -- the mall in that sexy dress of hers. Finding more remote areas of the mall (but still risky) I had her finger herself, and go totally naked. Then she masturbates at home to orgasm, and some extreme closeups (notice how wet she is inside -- juicy sounds). I test her limits on fingers, then some gaping as well.


Model Comments: (written on previous page)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  She's all about running, and I had asked her earlier to bring some sort of sporty wear with her.  Good thing it shows off that sexy waist.  Don't we all fantasize about some of those sexy girls jogging by on the street -- with their breasts bouncing & butt shaking in those tight outfits?  Its all fun seeing her topless, and that amazing personality shining through.  Then a little stretching and spreading -- checking out that sexy muscletone & curvature.  I wanted a masturbation round 2 -- but the vibraking was too strong for her (outtake clip 7).  So I had her try a more normal vibrator, and wow, did it bring her to a strong orgasm!  Some long, very intense vaginal contractions through this extended orgasm.  Some foot fetish, breast & butt massage is next.  Whatever it is, maybe just in person, she really turns you on when she's naked in front of you.  Truly a kind of body that needs to be naked all the time!   All the right proportions on this girl.  Its a dance next, though she's somewhat stiff, so I teased her as a 'robot girl' in the way she danced.  Whatever the case, she looks super sexy stripping down, and the panties really accentuate those perfect butt curves.  Panty stuffing is next (she asked to do it) and I gave it a twist with her using the glass toy she brought as a way to stuff it deeper.  Gaping closeups... and a slow pullout afterwards.  We had a little bit of time left, with the sunset light coming down -- and so I had her do some glass toy penetration, with that big head stretching her tight vagina as it goes in and out.  Another outtake as we were heading to the airport (clip 8) where she talks about her stay in Egypt when the revolution just started.  Great fun gal, with the personality and figure truly made for FTV, and one of my personal favorites :)