English | CBR | 3 Issues

Red Sonja: Deluge (2011)
Publisher:  Dynamite Entertainment
Publication Date:  March 23, 2011

Written by Daniel Brereton
Art by Chris Bolson

A violent storm floods the lonely countryside, and Sonja takes shelter in a cramped Inn. After a deadly altercation with the town bully, Sonja vows to keep out of the locals' power struggles. But when the dead man's brothers appear, all Hell breaks loose indoors as Mother Nature rages around them, threatening to awaken a long buried horror in the earth. Also featuring reprints of classic Sonja material!


Red Sonja: Break the Skin (2011)
Publisher:  Dynamite Entertainment
Publication Date:  April 20, 2011

Written by Jen Van Meter
Art by Edgar Salazar 

It looks like such a simple job: Zepur, a princess of the nomadic Talakma Horsemen, sought Sonja's sword to defeat an unwelcome suitor and his army. When Sonja discovers that she's led a mercenary band into the middle of a bitter and vicious rivalry for leadership of Zapur's clan, she's got to figure out who's lying to her the least, which promises she can keep, and how to fight the soul-eating avatar of an angry ape god!


Red Sonja: Blue (2011)
Publisher:  Dynamite Entertainment
Publication Date:  June 15, 2011

Cover by Mel Rubi
Written by Peter Brett
Art by Walter Geovani

Peter V. Brett, New York Times bestselling author of the Demon Cycle, takes the reins for this special issue, teaming up with fan favorite artist Mel Rubi to take Red Sonja back to her barbarian roots-and the She-Devil isn't going without a fight! When an unfortunate encounter with a demon deprives her of her trademark chainmail bikini, Sonja is forced to don a familiar blue fur tunic for the remainder of this adventure. Brett brings a mix of deft characterization, wry humor, and hard action to this one-shot homage to the Sonja legacy, honoring longtime fans while offering the perfect stand-alone story for new readers.

Thanks goes to Penner for this release.