Show Your Appreciation - LakeviewEnt 720p

Stars: Slave X and Mistress Rebecca


WMV + Pics.

  
Savor ultra sexy blonde Mistress Rebecca as She takes slave x through his paces. His control top pantyhose bulge with his swollen and abused manhood as She circles him as he stands bound. He goes to his back for pussy worship and feet tickle before She lights up a cigarette, toys with him and then compels an enormous spasm of cum from the tip of his cock. 

Mistress Rebecca, whip in hand circled a standing and spread slave x. His cock bulged through the pantyhose as he watched the gorgeous blonde start to whip him and grab his balls through his pantyhose. She trapped and untrapped his cock, playing with it until it started to ooze. Backing away She hit him repeatedly with the whip, smiling pleasantly as he tried to twist away to avoid the strikes directly to his balls. 

Mistress Rebecca told slave x he was in for considerable torment as his cock refused to retreat from its excited state. This time She used the paddle to punish him for gazing lewdly at Her gorgeous ass in Her crotchless pantyhose. She spanked and slapped his legs and ass and then tied up his naughty cock with a length of nylon inside his pantyhose. She stood in front of him and played with Her bare pussy, feeding him the pussy juice from Her fingertips. Next he was seated locked in the sitting stock. She moved to put mousetraps on his toes and then straddled his legs, sticking Her bare ass into his face.

Mistress Rebecca ordered slave x to lick Her asshole clean as She bent directly in front of his face. She leaned over and tickled his feet, enjoying the tight bondage that compelled his face into Her golden pussy. She turned and moved Her pussy inches from his face and told him to smell, not lick, smell Her cunt. This drove him mad with desire. She sat on the floor and removed Her ankle boots and then had him tongue and kiss Her hot smelly feet. Now on his back She lit a cigarette and began Her final phase of torment, teasing him with the burning ass and seating Herself on top of his cock, trapped in the pantyhose.

Mistress Rebecca used the hot cigarette to burn a hole in slave x's pantyhose. She freed his cock and balls and squeezed them tightly, threatening to burn them with the hot ember of Her cigarette. She seated Herself atop him and placed Her sweaty feet over his face, ordering him to lick and sniff. She spread Her legs and slid up over his face, ordering him to lick and tongue Her wet pussy. She wiggled back down his bound body and seated Herself so his balls were tight and swollen against Her pussy lips. She informed him She wanted to see some cum spurt from the tip of his cock and began to stroke his swollen and sore shaft. He responded with two huge jets of cum and many little squirts, much to Her satisfaction.


Screens:

Cover Front and Back:

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

