

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 78 - FDAs War On Health - Dying To Have Known





POtHS Comment: Are you a Fat Slob?? That is the Plan of The Food Industry,(there is more than that actually) The Elite are using The Food Industry to "slow kill" YOU. Then they can sell Drugs to correct your food caused ailments. But you have to pay a Doc to get the Drugs that cause more ailments than they correct. Read the Warnings on The Label.
Description:

Gary Null's War on Health - The FDA’s Cult of Tyranny:
A must-see documentary!  Learn more from Gary Null at the Progressive Radio Network: www.PRN.fm.  Learn more about the Food and Drug Administration’s unchecked power and why it matters for your freedom of choice by visiting http://prn.fm/tag/fda/

Opening the documentary is an introduction by the director from his speech at the world premiere in New York City, June 15, 2012.  The main documentary starts at the 27 minute mark in the video.


‘War on Health’ is the first documentary detailing and challenging the FDA agenda and its allegiance with the international Codex Alimentarius, which hopes to establish a monolithic food and health regime. Betraying its founding mandate to assure drug, food and chemical safety in the interests of public health, the FDA today is a repressive bureaucracy serving pharmaceutical and agricultural greed and profits. Vaccines, medical devices, prescription drugs are fast tracked at alarming rates through the FDA at the expense of scientific oversight to assure their efficacy and safety. The result is hundreds of thousands premature deaths annually from pharmaceutical drugs, vaccines and medical devices and an epidemic of medical incompetence and fraud sanctioned by federal health officials.

Featuring many pioneering American and European attorneys, physicians, medical researchers and advocates of health freedom, War on Health lifts the veil on FDA’s militaristic operations against organic food providers and alternative physicians. The film’s conclusion is perfectly clear: the FDA is a tyrannical cult founded upon the denial of sound medical science with little intention to improve the nation’s health and prevent disease.


HIV is AIDS - Fact Or Fraud:
One of the most powerful video documentaries of our time boldly reveals the modern medical-industrial complex’s dire descent into utter corruption. HIV/AID$ - A deadly and dangerous DECEPTION!

