S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Endless Space (c) Iceberg Interactive

07-07-2012....Release Date - Protection...................Steam
Strategy.........Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

This galaxy is ancient, and its first intelligent life was the
civilization we call the Endless. Long before our eyes gazed upon the
stars they flew between them, though all that remains of this people is
what we call Dust. A substance found scattered or in forgotten temples,
it once gave powers to admirals and galactic governors. The galaxy will
belong to the faction that can take control of the Dust and uncover its
secrets.

A Born Leader: Guide one of eight civilizations as you strive for
galactic dominion. Will you control the entire galaxy through subtle
trade and diplomacy, explore every corner of the universe to find
powerful artifacts and resources, overwhelm other civilizations with
your advanced technologies, or destroy your enemies with massive
armadas?

Endless Discoveries: With hundreds of star systems to explore,
different planet types, luxuries and strategic resources to exploit,
the mysteries within the Dust to master and a host of strange
scientific phenomena to deal with, the player will have no lack of
challenges. Hire heroes to become fleet admirals or system governors
and discover five hero classes and their unique ability trees and
specializations.

Space Opera: Experience Endless Space with state-of-the-art graphics
and interface, switch between strategic battle decisions and long-term
planning. Optimize each fleet for epic battles around contested stars.
Create the perfect combinations from dozens of unique ships per
civilization. Customize your ship with modules, armament, engines and
special mods. The player has a plethora of choices of how to best
destroy or dissuade his enemy.

Take on the Universe: Play against up to seven opponents and build up -
or break - alliances at will. Discover an innovative and dynamic
simultaneous turn-based gameplay. Permit instant jump-in for your
ongoing online games. Define your own custom civilizations and confront
the ones created by your friends.

Endless Replayability: Control every new game's scope, from a quick
match-up to an endless war. Generate an infinity of random galaxies
where every start begins a new adventure. Modify the size, shape,
density, age and a lot more to create your ideal galaxy. Choose from
different victory conditions and adapt your strategy on the fly.

Creating GAMES2GETHER: Track the dev team's objectives, progress and
achievements. Participate in the creation of the game via the
GAMES2GETHER initiative. Access early versions of the game and give
your feedback to the dev team. Discuss actual and future game features
and expansions with the dev team.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Mount or burn image
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
4. Type anything as a fictive serial at the serialscreen to proceed
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice.
