                 PART  419


  
            BON JOVI  - You Give Love a Bad Name  (1986)
            JON BON JOVI  -  Blaze of Glory (1990)
            BON JOVI  -  Keep The Faith  (1992)
            BON JOVI  -  It's My Life  (2000)
            POP EVIL Feat. MICK MARS  - Boss's Daughter (2012)


     "You Give Love a Bad Name" is a song written by Jon Bon Jovi, Desmond Child, and Richie Sambora about a woman who has jilted her lover. The track was released as the first single from the album "Slippery When Wet" and hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 29, 1986, Bon Jovi's first number one hit. In 2009 it was named the 20th-greatest hard rock song of all time by VH1.The music video for the song used all-color concert footage and photogenic shots primarily of Jon Bon Jovi as well as other band members in concert. This video was filmed at the Olympic auditorium in Los Angeles, California.
     "Blaze of Glory (Theme from Young Guns II)" is a song by Jon Bon Jovi which reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and the Mainstream rock chart in 1990, his only chart-topper away from his band Bon Jovi. The song also reached No. 1 on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart. "Blaze of Glory (Theme from Young Guns II)" also topped the ARIA music chart in Australia for a total of six weeks, and reached No. 13 on the UK Singles Chart.
     "Keep the Faith" is a song performed by Bon Jovi. The song was written by Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, and Desmond Child. It was released in 1992 as the lead single and title track from Bon Jovi's fifth studio album, "Keep the Faith". It is characterised by its driving bass line and is a live staple for the band. In the United States, the song reached #1 on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart and peaked at #29 on the Billboard Hot 100."Keep the Faith" reached #5 in the United Kingdom.
     "It's My Life" is Bon Jovi's first single from the album "Crush". It was released on May 23, 2000. It was written by Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, and Max Martin. The song hit #1 across several countries (although it only reached #33 in the US). The song became an anthem that appealed to many fans. As Jon Bon Jovi later stated:
When I was writing "It's My Life", I thought I was writing very self-indulgently about my own life and where I was in it. I didn't realize that the phrase "It's My Life" would be taken as being about everyone--by teenagers, by older guys, mechanics, whatever. "It's my life, and I'm taking control". Everyone kind of feels that way from time to time.

    Pop Evil is an American rock band that was formed in Grand Rapids, Michigan in 2001 by Leigh Kakaty. He then added Dave Grahs, Dylan Allison, Jamie Nummer. Later, guitarist Tony Greve was added as a temporary studio musician for the band but was invited to become a full-time member in early 2007. Around that time, bassist Jamie Nummer left the band for personal reasons and was replaced by Matt DiRito, formerly of Archangel and Before the Fire.
    The "Boss's Daughter" single is currently at No. 8 on Active Radio charts.Mick Mars  is the lead guitarist for American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe. 