A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy (1982)DVD9 Multisubs and language


Rolverdeling
    Mia Farrow - Ariel
    Woody Allen - Andrew
    Mary Steenburgen – Adrian
    Tony Roberts – Harold
    July Hagerty – Dulcy
    José Ferrer – Leopold


 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/9087
---------------------------------------------------
Summary:

It's time for love and magic as the inventor Andrew and his wife Adrian turn 
of the century as hosts occur during the rural wedding for the pretentious 
philosopher Dr. Leopold and his young fiancee Ariel.
The advent of Andrews best friend, the lecherous Dr. Jordan Maxwell, and his 
lascivious nurse Dulcy paves the way for difficult temptations, improbable 
couples and an enchanted chaos. After a while, everyone sandals with 
everyone.
Plot :
Read Warning: The following text contains details of the plot and / or the 
end of the story.
Stockbroker and inventor Andrew and his wife Adrian invite some friends for a 
weekend at their farm. Their family friend Maxwell, a doctor, shows up with a 
handsome nurse Dulcy, followed by Professor Leopold, a friend of Andrew, and 
his fiancee Ariel. Everyone has their problems. Andrew and Adrian have 
already had sex in a long time, while Maxwell barely can restrain his libido. 
Also buttering not between the older and the younger Leopold Ariel.
Soon Ariel attacked by Maxwell, Leopold sits behind Dulcy, while Andrew Ariel 
discovers that an old flame of his. There is much pleasure to the bizarre 
inventions of Andrew, and soon discover the six beautiful forest around the 
farm. The forest seems to have magical powers, powers that love and sex again 
rekindled. There is here and there, changing partners and under the influence 
of the magic lantern Andrew a romantic version shows a superhuman world, 
everyone gets his share of magic, sex and love.
Background :
In A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy Allen performs a comedy that is loosely 
based on at La Regle du jeu Jean Renoir and Sommarnattens borrowed (Smiles of 
a Summer Night) by Ingmar Bergman from 1950. There is also the magic of 
Shakespeare's A Midsummer Nights Dream, and his fairy tale characters like 
the eleven Ariel. Although the neuroses full bloom seems Allen himself under 
the influence of the magic of the forest and performs with his fellow actors 
on a charming tale filled with adultery, sex and romance.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084329



Informatie :
Titel      : A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy (Woody Allen) DVD9 (1982)
Bron       : Retail
Formaat    : DVD5
Geluid     : DD2.0
Menu       : Ja
Extra's    : Nee
Beeld      : 4:3
Framerate  : 25,000 fps
Standaard  : PAL
Taal       : English German French Italian Spanish
Subs       : Dutch,English,German,French,Italian,Spanish,Portugese and Greek 
Cover      : ja  
Label      : Ja



[img]http://img708.imageshack.us/img708/589/blacksam3.jpg[/img]

