'L'Etat Des Stocks' (Translates to The State of Stocks?)

Subtitled, 'Milleneufcentquatrevingtdixneuf'

This is in French, and, apologetically, I don't speak French. As such, I'm not sure exactly who the publisher is, or which year is correct (because there is several of them).

In this particular case it doesn't really matter, though, because this book is clearly some sort of bibliography and portfolio. The images look great, as does pretty much all of Enki Bilal's stuff, and the bibliography is done with a cover gallery, which is also very cool. 

Since I know we have a good number of Enki Bilal fans here at TPB, I can say confidently that if you don't have this you should check it out.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Also in French, I have...

'Enki Bilal - Crux Universalis' - part short stories, part portfolio, parts of it I've seen in other Bilal books, parts I've never seen before. It gives a rundown of what everything is and where it came from in the back of the book, in French. Published by Les Humanoides Associes.

'Enki Bilal - Le Sommeil Du Monstre' (Translates to The Sleeping Monster)
Les Humanoides Associes, 1998
This is a 70 page graphic novel that looks quite beautiful, but again, it's in French.

Enki Bilal and Pierre Christin - Los Angeles: L'etoile oubliee de Laurie Bloom
Published by Autrement Albums, 1984
This looks like it would be damn cool if the images/pages were reformated and the text was in English. But neither of those is the case. The scanning and image formatting is odd and the text is all in French. It appears to be observations of people, places and events in LA in the early 80s. Which, if you don't already know, was a very crazy time. That appears to be represented here, at least visually.

I mention those last three because I will be happy to upload them if there is interest. Just give the word.


Come comment, discuss, debate and complain at Leonard T Spock's Comic Book Emporium https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=132755