

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS - Bible Study - 86 - What About the Sabbath


POtHS Comment: Excellent

Description:

This download contains the following sermons and presentations discussing the Sabbath Day as pretaining to scriptures.  Is the Sabbath Day still God's Holy Day of Worship?  Learn this and more as to how all of this relates to the 'End of Days'.


Amazing Facts - How to keep the Sabbath

16 (Seal of God) Discoveries from Ancient Civilizations

David Wilkerson-A Call to Anguish:
A fantanstic sermon dealing with the lack of remorse, obedience and faith found in today's churches.


How to Keep the Sabbath - Pt 1 Laboring to Rest

How to Keep the Sabbath 2

666 Truth by Pastor Doug Batchelor:
Learn about the Sabbath Day, its importance and relevance to the upcoming apocalyptic events as described in the Bible.


Babylon The Great and Globalism (New World Order):
Babylon the Great and Globalism exposes the threat to liberty of all freedom made when an apostate power supplants the word of God for the traditions of men. The Messiah spoke out against the false leaders of his day and we as his followers must do the same.

VATIS' means 'DIVINER' in Latin
'CAN' means 'SERPENT' in Latin 
http://www.truthaboutsundayworship.com/mysterybabylon.htm 
http://www.truthaboutsundayworship.com/earlyprotestantism.htm

On the Vatican crest is a serpent-dragon with wings. See link:

Vaticanus then is a combination of Vatic + anus which mean "the prophetic hill or mountain", which can be rephrased as the hill or mountain of prophecy. On the back of their coins is the inscription: "CITTÁ DEL VATICANO", which means City of Prophecy.
Source(s):http://www.aloha.net/~mikesch/vatican.htm 
http://gracehead.com/index.php/2008/04/21/the_vatican_of_babylon_religion_a_c...

 
[/size]


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

     

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
