The Mighty Avengers is a comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics.  The title first featured an officially sanctioned Avengers team of registered superheroes, residing in New York as part of the Fifty State Initiative, as opposed to the unlicensed team featured in The New Avengers.

This team first appears in The Mighty Avengers 1, in May 2007 (written by Brian Michael Bendis and penciled and inked by Frank Cho.)  In the wake of the superhero Civil War, Iron Man recruits Ms Marvel as leader of the revamped team, and together they select the first roster:  Ms Marvel; Iron Man; The Wasp; Wonder Man; Ares; Sentry; and The Black Widow.  

The Mighty Avengers was originally intended to run parallel with The New Avengers, with characters and events crossing over and being viewed from both perspectives.  However, artist Cho fell behind schedule, and left the book after six issues and an additional cover.  Successor Mark Bagley drew the series from issues 7-11 (early March - late May, 2008.)  At the conclusion of The Siege storyline in April, 2010, the series was canceled after The Mighty Avengers 36.

Following the federally sanctioned creation of this iteration of The Avengers, Iron Man (Tony Stark) is discredited and publicly vilified after his inability to anticipate or prevent a secret infiltration and subsequent invasion of Earth by the shape-shifting alien Skrull race.  The Skrull also disabled his StarkTech technology, which had a virtual monopoly on worldwide defense.
Following the defeat of the Skrulls, and the subsequent dissolution of SHIELD, the officially sanctioned team of Avengers, now led by Norman Osborn under the HAMMER banner, is spun off into the pages of Dark Avengers.

In response, Henry Pym, in his latest superhero persona as the new Wasp, leads an Avengers team outside the jurisdiction of The United States and HAMMER, too.  With the apparent help of The Scarlet Witch (which actually was a disguised Loki, the Norse trickster god) The Vision; Stature (of the Young Avengers;) U.S. Agent; The Incredible Hulk; Jocasta; Hercules; Amadeus Cho; and Iron Man are all summoned.

Claiming to be the only authentic team of Avengers due to being the only team operating under that name to have a founding member on the roster, the team operates from an inter-dimensional headquarters.  It is granted official recognition outside the U.S. by the international organization GRAMPA, and combats super-villains and other entities, including Chthon, and the Unspoken. 
All 36 issues of The Mighty Avengers are included in this torrent for your downloading/perusing pleasures.

Enjoy, and please seed.
