Embark on an adrenaline-fueled journey through a wide range of missions and massive environments designed around each character’s unique abilities. With the stakes higher than ever before, you play as a variety of Transformers characters, including Grimlock’s nearly indestructible T-Rex form and the legendary Combaticons forming into the colossal Bruticus. Fight through both sides of the Transformers’ most epic battles leading to their legendary exodus from their homeworld. Transformers™: Fall of Cybertron™ allows you to go head-to-head as AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS with its multi-player online mode. Create your own personalized character and weaponry with the most advanced and in-depth customization ever before seen in a Transformers video game.

Languages: English*, French, German, Italian, Spanish
*languages with full audio support

Transformers: Fall of Cybertron transports you to the final days of the
planet Cybertron where you will experience the darkest hours of the
apocalyptic war between the AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS. Embark on an
adrenaline-fueled journey through a wide range of missions and massive
environments designed around each characters unique abilities. With
the stakes higher than ever before, you play as a variety of
Transformers characters, including Grimlock's nearly indestructible
T-Rex form and the legendary Combaticons forming into the colossal
Bruticus. Fight through both sides of the Transformers most epic
battles leading to their legendary exodus from their homeworld.
Transformers: Fall of Cybertron allows you to go head-to-head as
AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS with its multi-player online mode. Create your
own personalized character and weaponry with the most advanced and
in-depth customization ever before seen in a Transformers video game.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Install (Before installing install Steam, at the time of installation disable the antivirus program)
2. Copy everything from the Crack folder into the game installation
3. Play the game
4. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy