Date: 	11-28-12
Host: 	Rob Simone
Guests: 	William Henry, Sonja Grace

Filling in for George, Rob Simone (email) welcomed investigative mythologist William Henry, who discussed historical, geopolitical, and supernatural aspects of the lost Ark of the Covenant, and its possible connection to end times prophecies. The Ark is traditionally thought of as a rectangular container made by Moses to contain holy books and other items, but Henry believes it's actually a component of a larger, powerful Judgment Day device. He suggested that this device can operate as an otherworldly ascension tool, transmuting a person upon contact into a body of light, who can then travel the universe. It's really a "throne of God," which facilitates the manifestation of luminous beings that can appear on the Earth plane, he continued.

Henry contended that the Ark is not currently on Earth, but will be brought here by advanced beings who use it like a stargate. Yet, various countries such as Iran and Israel may be seeking out the Ark, he said. Israel's recent operation in Gaza was called "Operation Pillar of Cloud," which is a direct reference to the Ark, he commented. Further, the Ark was a factor in the Iraq war-- "there's no doubt that's why we wanted to stop Saddam Hussein-- this is the weapon of mass destruction," he argued. And Ayatollah Khamenei, the spiritual leader of ShiΓÇÖite Islam in Iran, believes he is divinely ordained to introduce the Islamic messiah, the Mahdi, who will recover and reveal the Ark.

In July, 2012 Khamenei told the Iranian people to prepare for Judgment Day and the imminent return of the Mahdi. Various prophecies speak of the appearance of a great sign before the Second Coming, and Henry believes the re-emergence of the Ark of the Covenant is that sign. He also addressed how the Ark exists as both a material object, and spiritual potential within each person. For more, check out a trailer for Henry's new DVD, The Judgment Day Device.
Past Lives & Karma

First hour guest, mystic healer Sonja Grace talked about past lives & karma, as well as the end of the Mayan calendar. Instead of conducting hypnotic regressions for her clients, she is able to directly view their past lives. "I literally watch the person's soul go up into the...spirit realm and come back down, where their last incarnation was...and am shown the pertinent points of what happened, and particularly the karmic parts of it," she explained. Forgiveness plays an important role in resolving karmic threads from past lives, she added. Regarding the Mayan calendar, she believes we are reaching the end of a cycle, which heralds a shift in consciousness and dimensional experience.

News segment guest: Jeffrey Smith
Website(s):

    williamhenry.net
    sonjagrace.com

Video(s):

    The Light of Sion
    The Judgment Day Device

Book(s):

    The Secret of Sion
    The Judgment Day Device
    Earth Ways: Healing Medicine for the Soul
    Angels in the 21st Century

