Banner: RS Productions 

Cast: Shivarajakumar, Sada, Ravi Kaale, Rangayana Raghu, Sanjana, Suresh Mangalore, Yashas, Guruprasad, John Kokkin, Rekha and others.

Music: Gurukiran

Cinematography: KS Chandrasekhar

Producer: RS Srinivas, KP Shrikanth

Screenplay, Direction: R Chandru

Story: 

It is all about the pack of tragedy in the life of ‘Mylari’ (Shivarajakumar). He is an anger filled youth in his village Mylapura. His brother Gopala (Yashas) is a good student and obviously the anger of his father makes Mylari dejected and takes him to various places. When Mylari express his love for Anitha (Sada) it becomes a piquant situation for him. Mylari is in love with Anitha from the childhood. He is secretly in love with Anitha in the last twenty years. Finally when he reveals his love to the respected and rich family daughter Anitha it is a shock for him when Anitha does not reciprocate.

When Mylari comes home his father kicks him out. Mylari challenges his father that he would become a great person one day and reach Bangalore.

When Mylari comes to big bad Bangalore he gets the support of Guru a sub editor in a tabloid ‘Khadga’. Mylari who has flair for writing and known as poet in his college days gets a job. The investigation what Mylari makes as a journalist is a big blow to the opposition leader Janardhana Kote (Suchendra Prasad).

As expected the friend of Mylari – sub editor Guru and his family is murdered. Mylari takes it very strongly and evaporate the entire opposition leader and his gang. In the day light Mylari holding the sharp weapon kills the opposition leader and is sentenced to imprisonment.

Mylari is given the capital punishment and he is all set to go to gallows in two days. He is narrating all his life to the Jailor (played by Ravi Kale). That is narrated in the flash back style by the director.

The jailor gives a twist to the tale at this point. What is that twist, whether Mylari faces the gallows….that is something different.

                      PLEASE SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING 
 
                       2RRENT PRESENTED 2 U BY _cVm_