Doctor Who - Revisitations 3 Boxset - Tomb Of The Cybermen (1967)[DVDRip]

These are dvd rips of discs 1 and 2 of the Patrick Troughton Doctor Who Story 'Tomb Of The Cybermen' from the recently released revisitations 3 DVD Boxset.
Special Editions of three classic Doctor Who DVD Releases (Tomb of the cybermen, The Three Doctors,& The Robots Of Death)
Remastered, Repackaged, Reappraised. With exclusive new Special Features

DVD release Date :- 13/02/2012

Plot Summary ...

For centuries, the disappearance of the Cybermen from the universe has been a mystery.
The Doctor, Jamie and Victoria arrive on Telos - once the Cyber home world - just as an Earth expedition uncovers the entrance to a long-lost control centre filled with baffling technology.

With the Doctor's help, the archaeological party discover the last of the Cybermen, frozen and entombed in a vastunderground cavern.  But by entering the tombs, the humans have sprung a fiendish trap. All around them, the Cybermen begin to rise from the dead....

Produced by Peter Bryant
Directed by ... Morris Barry
Written by... Gerry Davis and Kit Pedler

Cast...

Patrick Troughton ... Dr. Who
Frazer Hines ... Jamie McCrimmon
Deborah Watling ... Victoria Waterfield
Roy Stewart ... Toberman
Aubrey Richards ... Professor Parry
Cyril Shaps ... John Viner
Clive Merrison ... Jim Callum
Shirley Cooklin ... Kaftan
George Roubicek ... Captain Hopper
George Pastell ... Eric Klieg
Alan Johns ... Ted Rogers
Bernard Holley ... Peter Haydon
Roy Grover ... Crewman
Michael Kilgarriff ... Cyberman Controller
Hans De Vries ... Cyberman
Tony Harwood ... Cyberman
John Hogan ... Cyberman
Richard Kerley ... Cyberman
Ronald Lee ... Cyberman
Charles Pemberton ... Cyberman
Kenneth Seeger ... Cyberman
Reg Whitehead ... Cyberman
Peter Hawkins ... Cybermen (voice)


Originally Transmitted  2nd September 1967 to 23rd September 1967


Extras...

Commentary #1 by Deborah Watling (Victoria) and Frazer Hines (Jamie) (recorded in 2001).

Commentary #2 by  Deborah Watling (Victoria) , Frazer Hines (Jamie) , Bernard Holley (Haydon) , Shirley Cooklin (Kaftan) , Reg Whitehead (Cyberman) and Victor Pemberton (script Editor) , moderated by Toby Hadoke, recorded in 2010.

Morris Barry Introduction... The director's introduction from the 1993 VHS release.

Title Sequence Tests... Tests and build-up elements from Patrick Troughtons Doctor Who title sequence.

Late Night Line-up...  This segment from the 1967 arts programme sends Joan Bakewell behind the scenes at the BBC Visual Effects department to interview Jack Kine.

The Final End...  The Evil Of The Daleks is mostly missing from the BBC archives. A small taste of the climactic battle from Episode 7 has been put together from an off-air audio recording coupled with 8mm film shot by Tony Cornell, a designer at Ealing Studios.

The Abominable Snowmen Audio Trailer... An off-air amateur recording of the BBC1 trailer for the story which followed The Tomb Of The Cybermen

Production Subtitles

Coming soon


Disc 2

Extras...

The Lost Giants ... Cast and crew look back on the making of The Tomb Of The Cybermen. With Deborah Watling, Frazer Hines, Shirley Cooklin, Bernard Holley and Michael Kilgarriff, script editor Victor Pemberton and visual effects designer Peter Day.

The Curse Of The Cybermen's Tomb ...  Sir Christopher Frayling and Dr. Debbie Challis examine the ancient Egyptian origins to the story of the Cybermen's tomb on Telos.

Cybermen - Extended Edition ... A history of the Cybermen, presented by writer and broadcaster Matthew Sweet.

The Magic Of VidFIRE ... A look at the technology behind the VidFIRE process, developed specifically for the Doctor Who DVD range in order to restore the original live studio video look to episodes that now only survive as film recordings.

Sky Ray Advert ... 1960's Doctor Who-themed promo for Walls Sky Ray ice lolly.

PDF Materials (DVD ROM) ... Printed material from the Walls Sky Ray promotion, and listings for this story from the Radio Times

