How could it happen? Could it happen again? The big questions surrounding the holocaust are far more often asked than answered. That's why it's refreshing when an analysis comes along that offers not just horror, but perspective as well. The groundbreaking audio documentary Voices of the Shoah, through its multifaceted handling of humanity's darkest hour, comes closer than most broad-appeal treatments to laying out the varied pieces of this baffling chapter in history. What we end up with is a set of tools for our own analysis, with shock being but one of many.

Shoah started as an ambitious effort to produce the only existing oral account of the holocaust while survivors were still present to give a first-hand version. Narrated by Elliott Gould, the 4-CD collection provides accounts from survivors, escapees and U.S. military personnel, along with a book containing transcripts and easily digestible history. The picture of suffering is rounded out with a view into the larger climate of discrimination, a rare survey of the aftermath and a glimpse into the recesses of the human spirit that allowed for hope and survival. And the accompanying materials, with photos, maps, sidebars and timelines, make sure that the testimony never loses us in relation to historical reference points.

The first half moves mostly chronologically from the seeds of anti-Semitism, through ghetto and death camp conditions, liberation and the post-war plight of homeless Jews. The succession of events is told in alternating voices. The cruelty is vivid, but these stories are moving in other ways, as nearly equal time is given to the forces within the victims that allowed for coping with, and even subverting, the reality. The second half shares accounts from some who were there, but witnessed the tragedy from various outside perspectives. Striking accounts from a U.S. soldier whose tank division liberated the Dachau concentration camp recreate the intense emotional outpouring by servicemen who had experienced no less than full combat. While the evolution of the Nazi program of hate and extermination is a necessary part of Shoah's agenda, more weight seems to be given to the question of why the rest of the world failed to act decisively.

Voices of the Shoah can only begin to tell how it could have happened, serving as a good overview that doesn't get too bogged down in politics and scholarly rhetoric. The focus here is closer to home: real people reacting to the unfathomable. As the story unfolds, it can't help but bring to mind parallels of hate even in our own time, and in this way Shoah serves as a warning that, yes, it could happen again. So, if lessons from the past are what we need as prevention, this is one effective and captivating way to package them.		