POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 79 - Apocalypse 2012 Prophecies Vol 18 - Hollow Earth - Signs of Christ


POtHS Comments on This one:More Jewish History and Prophecy. Excellent as always.


This download contains the following sermons and presentations:

The Hollow Earth & Its Inhabitants by Jim Wilhelmsen:
From the author of "Beyond Science-Fiction", Rev. Jim Wilhelmsen on Hollow Earth and its Inhabitants, according to the scriptures in the Bible as well as history, myth and Archeology.

Is there a real Hollow Earth?
What does science say and what does the bible tell us.
Is hell a real physical place?
What do the scriptures say about the origins of Giants before and after the flood?
What has recent science discovered about pre-flood conditions and giantism?
Why Giant Fossil remains, bones and mummies are not viewed in public museums?
 
http://www.echoesofenoch.com/

buy the book here: 
http://www.delusionresistance.org/christian/bookreviews/book13.html 
http://www.amazon.com/Beyond-Science-Fiction-Jim-Wilhelmsen/dp/1440104719

videos from:


Jim Wilhelmsen  - The 3 Frogs of Revelation:
There are 3 demonic spirits like frogs that come out of the Dragon, the Beast and the false Prophet. There purpose is to rally the entire world toward Armageddon and hatred against Israel. An untaught pat of history reveals how these movements are already active in accomplishing their desired goals.


Preparation for Alien UFO Deception in High Gear by Dr. Scott Johnson:
Preparation for Alien UFO Deception in High Gear:
This 4 part presentation includes the following topics as discussed by Dr. Scott Johnson.

- Vatican Preparing 1.1 Billion Followers For Alien Deception
- Director Of The Institute Of Applied Astronomy Is Convinced Extraterrestrial: Life Exists . . . . And Will Be In Contact Soon
- UFOlogy: the world's fastest-growing 'scientific' religion?
- Farrakhan's Nation of Islam's link to UFOs



- Crop Circles: Fight Or FleeΓÇöNational Geographic Alien Invasion Propaganda 2011, The Event and Comet Elenin

- Scientists Urge UN to Prepare for Alien Invasion
- V The Original Miniseries NBC Narrated Recap
- The Ghastly Truth About The Days Of Noah

- The M.I.T. Conference: Nephilum Hybrids -- Do "They" Walk Among Us


I, Pet Goat II - Symbology Enlightenment & Commentary Analysis Short Videos

666 Revelation 666 by Mike Hoggard

7 Signs of Christs Return

25 Signs

Endtime News Updates 7-20-12 and 7-22-12




This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


