Follow my uploads here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Pocket Planets is the largest 3D Solar System Simulator in the Google Play Store.
With scaled representation of the Sun, Planets, Moons, Asteroids, Dwarfs and detailed information to the celestial objects.
Regardless if you are a beginner or advanced astronomer, this App brings you closer to the planets than any telescope.

Discover ...

    the Sun, the bright shining star in the center of our Solar System
    Mercury, the fastest planet orbiting around our Sun
    Venus, its greenhouse effect produces a surface temperature that would even bring lead to melting
    Earth, the blue oasis and only place filled with life
    Mars, inspiration for many SciFi films and books
    Jupiter, the giant, guardian and protector in our neighborhood
    Saturn, with rings of unique beauty and elegance
    Uranus, which rolls over its orbit like a bowling ball
    Neptune, the outermost recognized planet
    Pluto, one of a new category of dwarf planets

But these are not all objects of this simulator, because so far you do not know Orcus, Varuna, Ceres, Pallas, Haumea and all the other asteroids and dwarf planets. Not to mention Sedna whose orbit is still speculative to science.

Nearly 200 objects are included in this simulator, but not as static images, rather as living objects in a living universe. Enjoy the Solar System in realtime, in the future or past.

Bring the cosmos to life with an innovative timeslider. Let time take its course, how fast depends on the scale factor of the timeslider. A wipe with your finger and the simulator comes to life.

For a more exiting viewing experience various camera modes are available. Attach the camera to a planet or place it at a fixed location in space and let the celestial bodies pass by, in portrait or landscape mode, whatever you prefer.

And that's still not all. A built in encyclopedia gives you useful information about each object of the simulation, extracted from Wikipedia.

So what are you waiting for, don't miss this viewing experience, there is no easier way to explore the wonderful world beyond our planet.
And if you ever feel "Lost in Space", don't worry, because its just a simulation.

Features:

    Nearly 200 simulation objects
    Simulation of real celestial body distances and dimensions
    Adjustable simulator time with an innovative timeslider
    Flexible camera system for a unique viewing experience
    Portrait and landscape mode
    Many HD textures, some of original recordings (NASA Voyager, Cassini spacecraft)
    Many preference options
    Ephemeris data based on NASA Horizons system
    Orbit calculations with modified Kepler algorithms
    Encyclopedia function, the most important information from Wikipedia

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 20, 2012)

    Bugfix, crash when touching splashscreen or invoke context menu

Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                By bobiras2009		