Here's an uncut Muppet classic for you. Jim Henson won a Primetime Emmy in 1989 for 
directing Dog City, and rightly so. This dog-filled parody of 30s and 40s film noir 
gangster films will have you howling with laughter! And here it is with 10 minutes 
of Kermit and company not available on DVD!

As Rowlf the Dog will tell you, there are a thousand tails tucked away in the mean 
streets of Dog City. It's a dog-eat-dog world where good mutts live in fear of 
murderous gangster Bugsy Them and his love of senseless violence. Ace Yu is a 
German ex-shepherd who inherits a saloon, The Doghouse, from his late Uncle Harry. 
Unwilling to pay protection money to Bugsy, Ace teams up with a runaway collie 
named Colleen to take on Bugsy and his gang.


The 40-minute special inspired a mediocre animated/puppet series on FOX in the 90s, 
in which Kevin Clash and Fran Brill reprised their roles - sort of.

Dog City has been released on DVD in the US and UK, but is missing 10 minutes of 
material from when it originally aired as part of NBC's wonderful but short-lived 
The Jim Henson Hour. Kermit, Digit, Bean Bunny and friends introduced the film as 
part of Muppet Night at the Movies, with Bean Bunny showing two trailers for his 
own feature films, and the All-Dog Network taking us behind the scenes to the 
unfortunate life of a Hollywood "stunt dog" (cat).

Arguably, The Jim Henson Hour showed the Muppet team at their creative peak, with 
remarkable live-action fantasy like The Storyteller sharing space with Kermit and 
the Muppet gang. However, the series failed in the ratings and was quickly 
cancelled. Although certain Jim Henson projects from this era have made it to DVD 
or VHS [The Storyteller, Song of the Cloud Forest, Monster Maker, Miss Piggy's 
Hollywood], no complete and uncut Jim Henson Hour episode has ever been released on 
DVD or any other format - with one exception.


KSS Films in Japan released a very rare laserdisc of Jim Henson's Dog City, which 
was dubbed in Japanese but otherwise contained the full Jim Henson Hour episode, 
including ten minutes with Kermit and company.

So here we are then, for the first time in DVD quality. The Jim Henson Hour: Dog 
City.


Dog City was written by Tim Burns and stars Kevin Clash, Jim Henson, Fran Brill, 
Camille Bonora, and Jerry Nelson. MuppetTelevision features Steve Whitmire and Dave 
Goelz and a top writing staff including Jerry Juhl, Chris Langham and Bill Prady.

Designed to look like a retail DVD, this disc is filled with great special features 
as a tribute to The Jim Henson Hour.

You'll see:

* Dog City Japanese dub
* Dog City restored NBC TV advertisement
* Dog City animated episode "The Big Squeak"
* Behind the Scenes Gallery
* Rare promo film for The Jim Henson Hour with Kermit and Ace Yu on the set of Dog 
City
* Jim Henson Hour clips: "Sweet Vacation," "Bobby McFerrin," "Secrets of the 
Muppets," "Lighthouse Island"
* Jim Henson Hour Lion Outtake
* World of Jim Henson "Jim Henson Hour" montage
* And two easter eggs!
