BDlot DVD Ripper

Innovative GPU Accelerating DVD ripping software
Rip any DVDs to AVI, MP4, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV, 3GP, iPhone, iPod, iPad, iTouch, Apple TV, Zune, Mobile phone, PSP, etc.

Lead You to Convert and Rip Your Precious DVDs at a Fast Speed with Excellent Quality
BDlot DVD Ripper is an industry leading DVD ripping software. It enables you to make DVD backup on hard drive to get rid of DVD disc scratches or loss. This DVD ripper can rip any DVD to various formats while preserving highest quality possible, such as ripping DVD to AVI/MPEG, DVD to MP4, H.264, MOV, FLV, and also convert DVD to iPhone/iPad compatible files. The embedded Multi-core CPU & newest CUDA technologies improve the DVD ripping speed dramatically, leading the whole conversion process to be done within few minutes.

Perfect Combination Of Speed and Quality
Thanks to the cutting-edge Multi-core CPU and the latest CUDA accelerating technologies, you will be allowed to backup DVD movie to hard drive as high image quality H.264 video with GPU independent encoding thread in a fast and efficient way. The highly compressed output file will be of the same perfect video and audio without any noticeable quality loss.

All-in-one Solution for High Quality Conversion
BDlot DVD Ripper offers a full solution to rip both homemade and commercial protected DVDs to popular video formats such as AVI, MP4, AVC, MPEG, WMV, 3GP, MOV, FLV, etc. You are even enable to remux original 5.1 Channel AC3/DTS Dolby surrounding soundtrack to output files. Just relax and enjoy the same perfect quality of the converted contents.

Unlock all Known DVD Copy Protections and Limitations
By continuously and frequently updating, this DVD ripper is capable of unlocking all DVD protections, including DVD CSS, Region Code, RCE, SONY ARccOS, UOPs, Disney X-DRM protection, and the newest released protected DVDs. This allows you to rip and convert whatever DVD you like without any troubles; even it comes with scratches, finger prints or other dirt, this DVD ripper can work on them easily.

Highly Flexible For Converting DVD to Various Portable Devices
With this amazing DVD ripping software, you are able to make DVDs compatible with a growing number of portable platforms painlessly. You can watch DVD on iPad, iPhone, iPod, Apple TV easily, and even transfer DVD to Android-based Phone, Zune, mobile phone, Sony PSP, Zen, etc. You will really enjoy the happiness of watching DVD movie unlimitedly.

Versatile Features with Simple Operating Steps
BDlot DVD Ripper offers versatile features in DVD splitting, cropping, trimming and editing. It helps you easily control video/audio properties to create perfect balance between quality and file size. It also can help you upgrade video definition by embedded automatic De-interlacing Engine and customize your output files by optimized useful profiles.

Extract Audios and Images from DVD in Batches
It is amazing that you can extract audios from your favorite DVD to MP3 file in batch mode, and save DVD frame as JPG or BMP pictures. With the help of BDlot DVD Ripper, it becomes easy to put your beloved DVD audio to MP3 player to enjoy movie dialogue and music, and make your beloved DVD frame as wallpaper.

System Requirements:

High Compatibility and Great Stability
BDlot DVD Ripper runs on all Windows operation systems, including Window 98, NT, 2000, 2003, XP, Vista (32 & 64 bit), Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit), and it has been passed all DVD driver compatibility test, it can be used either on your desktop or laptop with stable and fast performance.

Homepage: http://www.bdlot.com/dvd-ripper/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.