SONAR X2 Producer (Original ISO File + serials + updates)

Professional Recording, Mixing, and Mastering

From getting a great tone to releasing the final mix, today's musicians must master every element of the music production process. SONAR X2 is there every step of the way and takes each element to the next level of power and usability. And thanks to the revolutionary Skylight user interface, SONAR X2 lets you move seamlessly among the elements, instantly going from recording to editing to mixing and back again. Dial up the perfect synth sound with Rapture or a searing guitar tone with TH2 Producer. Record it, tighten it, chop it, and drop it in the Matrix for realtime triggering. Shape it with the expandable ProChannel. Warm it with the new Console Emulator. And do it all with a single Smart Tool. It's genius. 

Key features

Unlimited audio and MIDI tracks
Enhanced award winning Skylight interface
Seamless usability and workflow
R-MIX SONAR
Modular ProChannel
BREVERB SONAR VST and ProChannel
ProChannel Console Emulator
QuadCurve EQ & Softube Saturation Knob 
FX Chains plus ProChannel FX Chains
20 virtual instruments
59 audio and MIDI FX
Matrix performance view
Integrated per track arpeggiator
TH2 Producer Amp Sim
Linear Phase EQ and Multi-Band compressor
Automation and Take Lanes
Sound Cloud, MusicXML, and export options
Pristine 64-bit/384KHz audio engine
Everything in SONAR X2 Studio
32 and 64-bit versions
Windows 7 and 8 support
NEW! SONAR X2 Producer Content Club
And much more

Installation:
-------------

-Mount or burn the ISO image
-Load Setup.exe located in the autorun menu or
-Run Setup.exe located in the install folder

Authorize the product with the included serials pairs: Installcode (during install) + Activationcode (on first start of the software)

Rapture 1.22 update is also included with its serial pairs.

Demo Project is also included.

MP3 Encoder activator is also included. (Install it to enable mp3 export functionality).

Other soft included in the original package like Dimension Pro 1.5 in not included and should be instaled as addon.

Nowadys, all serials included in readme.txt work perfectly.
Readme.txt is included inside ISO image.

Content of ISO ([] means folder):
[Additional Content] --> Demo Project
[Documentation] --> Docs related to instaltion or user guide
[Install] --> Instaltion files
[MP3 Encoder] --> Activator of MP3 encoder
[Updates] --> Rapture 1.22 update and first Sonar X2 oficial update
Readme.txt --> Instalation instructions`+ serials


Enjoy it!!!