NOTE: The first couple time I tried to open this it crashed, just continue to reopen, and within 4-5 times it should stay open.

Official Web Site:  http://www.dxo.com/us/photo/dxo_optics_pro/introduction

Demand perfection for your photos
 
Optical Corrections
Pep up your lenses
 
Uneven sharpness, vignetting, distortions, chromatic aberrations? DxO Optics Pro automatically corrects all the optical faults in your images because it is based on a precise knowledge of your equipment and its weaknesses.
A DxO Labs exclusive: Does your lens lack sharpness? Instantly recover the fine details in your photos, regardless of the quality of your lens

Geometric corrections
Get your photos back in shape!
 
Restore proper perspective and straighten the horizon line, all while preserving the volume and form of your subjects. DxO Optics Pro integrates three simple, practical, and powerful tools to tilt, straighten, raise, and restore real perspective and a horizon line worthy of the name.
The correction of volume anamorphosis is exclusive to DxO Labs. Wide-angle lenses distort subjects located at image edges - for example, people at either end of a line of people in group shots have noticeably disproportionate silhouettes. Only DxO Optics Pro restores proper proportions and shapes while maintaining the realism of the scene.

RAW conversion
Go beyond the limits of your camera
 
Shooting in RAW format gives you absolute control over how your photos are rendered.
DxO Optics Pro’s RAW converter is based on detailed characterization of your camera by DxO Labs. Demosaicing that is perfectly adapted to your photos is the gauge of incomparable image quality.
Aesthetics are always very subjective. You can adjust the parameters of RAW development to suit your own ideas, save the settings, and then easily apply them to batches of images.

Denoising
Defy the shadows
 
With DxO Optics Pro, no need to rely on flash photography to bring out the full emotion of your night shots and to obtain detailed textures and incomparable colors.
Based on our precise laboratory analyses of cameras similar to yours, DxO Optics Pro is tailor-made to allow you to radically and automatically eliminate digital noise from all your photos.

Optimizing exposure and contrast
Bring out the details in your photos
 
DxO Optics Pro restores the ideal balance between the dark and light areas in your images. Exposure and contrast are optimized both locally and globally with unique precision.
Thanks to DxO’s exclusive HDR mono-image feature, you can use a powerful exposure optimization tool to bring out numerous details in the dark and burnt areas of all your photos, based on just a single image.

Presets
Tailor-made automaticity
 
The presets developed by our teams allow you to obtain images of the highest quality with a single click. DxO Optics Pro automatically determines the best settings for each image by analyzing its contents and shooting conditions.
Among the many possible choices, choose the preset that best corresponds to your photo. Use, for example, the “High sensitivity - Noise Reduction” preset for a scene shot at high ISO, or the “Accentuate fine details” preset if you want to improve image sharpness.

Interface and use
An optimal workflow
 
Easy to use, DxO Optics Pro allows you to process your images in an instant. When you select an image file or files to correct, the default setting is automatically applied, letting you see all corrections and start processing with ease.
You can also choose the preset that you want and/or adjust the different corrections cursors that are available in the settings palette.
DxO Optics Pro is designed for your level of expertise and offers two workspaces, one for beginners and the other for more advanced users. You can also create your own workspace composed of the palettes that you regularly use.

Color management
Take control of your colors
 
White balance, vibrancy, tonal curve, multi-point balance, color saturation protection: take advantage of all these tools to bring out all the brillant colors of your photos, or to apply a color interpretation of your own.
A DxO Labs exclusive: change the color rendering and choose one based on an entirely different camera for endless creative possibilities!

Dust removal
Eliminate the imperfections in your images
 
Dust on your sensor can ruin a series of photos. With DxO Optics Pro, you can do once then store the dust correction, and apply it to an entire batch of photos. The dust disappears from all of your photos with just one click.
You can also use this tool to get rid of other undesirable elements in your photos, such as antennas or electrical wires. DxO Optics Pro gets rid of these blemishes by reconstructing the image background, allowing you to more fully enjoy your photo.

System Requirements: 

Intel Mac, OS X.6 or greater

---PLEASE SEED ---
