Swamp Thing, a fictional character, is a humanoid/plant creature elemental in the DC Comics Universe, created by writer Len Wein and artist Berni Wrightson. Swamp Thing has had several humanoid or monster incarnations, depending on various story lines. He first appeared in House of Secrets 92 (July, 1971) in a stand-alone horror story set in the early 20th century. The character then returned in a solo series, set in the contemporary world and in the general DC continuity. The character is a humanoid mass of vegetable matter who fights to protect his swamp home, the environment in general, and humanity from various supernatural or terrorist threats.

The character found perhaps his greatest popularity during the 1980s and early '90s. Outside of an extensive comic book history, the Swamp Thing property has inspired two theatrical films, a live-action television series, and a five-part animated series, among other media.

Swamp Thing can inhabit and animate vegetable matter anywhere (including alien plants, even sentient ones) and construct it into a body for himself. As a result, bodily attacks mean little to him. He can easily regrow damaged or severed body parts, and can even transport himself across the globe by leaving his current form and transferring his consciousness to a new form grown from whatever vegetable matter is present in the location he wishes to reach.

Swamp Thing possesses superhuman strength of undefined limits. While Swamp Thing's strength has never been portrayed as prominently as many of his other abilities, he demonstrated sufficient strength to rip large trees out of the ground with ease and trade blows with the likes of Etrigan.

Swamp Thing can control any form of plant life. He can make it move to his will or accelerate its growth. This control even extends to alien life, as he once cured Superman of an infection caused by exposure to a Kryptonian plant that was driving Superman mad and causing his body to burn out its own power.

After the run of Mark Millar, Swamp Thing had also mastered the elements of fire, earth, water and air.

The new Swamp Thing (a resurrected Alec Holland) has not only been given the full Elemental powers his predecessor once had, but also a White Lantern Power Ring with full control over its power.

In issue 37, Moore formally introduced the character of John Constantine as a magician/con artist who would lead Swamp Thing on the American Gothic storyline. In this storyline, Swamp Thing has to travel to several parts of 
America, encountering many archetypal horror monsters, including vampires, a werewolf, and zombies.

American Gothic begins with Swamp Thing's old body being completely destroyed, and growing a new one. Constantine encourages Swamp Thing to use the power for transportation, and Swamp Thing learns to do so with increasing speed. The storyline ends with a crossover to Crisis on Infinite Earths, where Swamp Thing had to solve the battle between Good (Light) and Evil (Darkness.) He also meets the Parliament of Trees in issue 47, which was where Earth Elementals like him lay to rest after they have walked the Earth, and it was here Moore solved the continuity problem of the first and second Swamp Thing:  the first Swamp Thing, Alex Olsen, was a part of the Parliament.

This torrent was created to honor a request.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
