Paintball and Airsoft Battle Tactics
By Christopher E. Larsen

Description:

It can be as playful as a party game, or as dead serious as military training for a coming deployment. But whatever your approach to paintball or Airsoft, there are rules to learn, tactics to master, variations to discover, and equipment to consider. And in every instance, Paintball and Airsoft Battle Tactics has the answers.

 The ultimate resource for these sports so popular among weekend warriors and military simulators, this book helps novice players and veterans alike to hone their skills and sharpen their understanding of the art and science of MilSim strategy and tactics.

 Written by a military analyst with real-world experience training combatants around the world, this paintball and Airsoft tacticians bible refreshes and refocuses the military simulator, but it doesnt stop there. It also fosters, mentors, and challenges both the apprentice and the maestro with basic individual and leadership skills, team drills, and intermediate patrolling operations, covering all the necessities for waging paintball and Airsoft combat successfully at the small-team level.

Editorial Reviews
From the Back Cover 

Here is the ultimate resource for weekend warriors and military simulators, helping you develop competencies in understanding the art and science of MilSim strategy and tactics. Written by a military analyst who has trained U.S. and foreign troops around the world, this paintball and airsoft tactician’s bible reminds, refreshes, and refocuses the mind of the novice and veteran military simulator alike.

            But this guide doesn't stop there. It fosters, mentors, and challenges both the prodigy and the maestro with basic individual and leadership skills, team drills, and intermediate patrolling operations, covering all the necessities for waging paintball and airsoft combat successfully at the small-team level.

            As an online extra to readers, case studies describing the application of these techniques are available online at www.voyageurpress.com.

From the book:

“Tactics are common sense solutions to battlefield problems. These solutions have been refined over the last 3,000 years. Once proven successful, they are accepted as “tactical doctrine.” They’re the cornerstone of battlefield successes—regardless of whether the battle uses real guns, paintballs, or slingshots!”

About the Author 

Christopher Larsen has spent more than twenty years working with warriors from around the world. He holds the coveted title of Expert Infantry and has trained U.S. and foreign troops in Asia, the Mid East, and North America. Larsen currently serves as a military analyst-instructional systems designer for the U.S. Army’s Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.