
Release: The Double Man [Yul Brynner] (1967) DVDRip Oldies
Title: The Double Man
Title in Brazil: Dois Homens Iguais
Uploader: labok
Size: 702 MB
Genre: Thriller
Language: English
Runtime: 105 mins
Resolução: 608 x 352
Video Codec: XVID
Subtittles: No
Audio Codec: MP3
Taxa de Biltrate: 96 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 5,7 (awaiting 363 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061594/
Directed By: Franklin J. Schaffner

Starring:  

Yul Brynner ... Dan Slater / Kalmar 
Britt Ekland ... Gina
Clive Revill ... Frank Wheatley 
Anton Diffring ... Col. Berthold 
Moira Lister ... Mrs. Carrington 
Lloyd Nolan ... Edwards 
George Mikell ... Max Gruner 
Brandon Brady ... Gregori 
Julia Arnall ... Anna Wheatley 
David Bauer ... Andrew Miller 

Synopis:

Following the death of his son, in a skiing accident in the Austrian Alps, the cold and emotion-less Dan Slater travels to Austria for the funeral. In the face of official indifference he decides to investigate and little by little strange inconsistencies start to appear leading Dan to conclude that the death of his son was no accident. A retired, former undercover operative, Frank Wheatley, whom he had hoped would watch out for his son proves useless as Dan seeks out the murderer's. Eventually, Dan finds Gina, the companion of wealthy socialite Mrs. Carrington, who puts him on the correct trail little realizing that he is falling into a cunning, cleverly thought out trap laid by Berthold. Berthold hopes to kidnap Slater and substitute him with an exact double in order to obtain a mole in the highest echelons of the CIA. Will he succeed or will Frank and Gina realize something is amiss and rescue Slater?
 
Sinopse Pt Br:

Um agente da CIA, Dan Slater, após receber a notícia da morte do seu filho nos Alpes austríacos, num acidente de esqui, desloca-se para o local, desconfiando que se tinha tratado de homicídio. Face às inconsistentes explicações que lhe dão as autoridades, Dan começa as suas investigações para apurar o que aconteceu.

