Archaeology for Kids: Uncovering the Mysteries of Our Past, 25 Activities
By Richard Panchyk
Chicago Review Press | October 2001 | ISBN-10: 1-55652-395-5 | HQ PDF | 16- pages | 122 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Archaeology-Kids-Uncovering-Mysteries-Activities/dp/1556523955

Archaeology is the best tool we have for solving the mysteries of ancient life. In this book, you will learn about how archaeologists work and what they have discovered so far about the past, from the earliest humanlike creatures a few million years ago all the way up to about 100 years ago. You’ll also have a chance to do some fun activities that will help you understand archaeology and the amazing cultures that have been uncovered underfoot.
This activity book features 25 projects such as making a surface survey of a site, building a screen for sifting dirt and debris at a dig, tracking soil age by color, and counting tree rings to date a find, teaches kids the techniques that unearthed Neanderthal caves, Tutankhamun’s tomb, the city of Pompeii, and Tenochtitlan, capital of the Aztec empire. Kids will delight in fashioning a stone-age tool, playing a seriation game with old photographs of cars, “reading” objects excavated in their own backyards, and using patent numbers to date modern artifacts as they gain an overview of human history and the science that brings it back to life.


About the Author
Born in Queens, New York, Richard Panchyk attended the prestigious Stuyvesant High School. He received a Master's degree in Anthropology from the University of Massachusetts/Amherst, and also completed doctoral coursework there. He knew he wanted to be a writer by the time he was seven years old. He sold his first "book," a four-page handwritten trivia booklet, to a third grade classmate for five cents. In college, he held numerous positions on the student newspaper, including Editor-in-Chief. Among other things, he wrote more than 100 articles and published a cartoon called "Over the Ledge." He printed a small book of his poems at the age of 19, and published his first book with Van Nostrand Reinhold at the age of 21. Since then has published 17 books for a total of more than 2,400 pages, including eight books in the "For Kids" series published by Chicago Review Press.


CONTENTS
Acknowledgments—vii
Time Line—viii
Introduction: What Is Archaeology?—xi
1 How Archaeology Works—1
2 The First People—15
3 The Ice Age and the New Stone Age—29
4 The First Civilizations—47
5 Greece and Rome—67
6 The New World—85
7 Historical Archaeology—101
Glossary—127
Web Sites to Explore—131
Bibliography—133
Photo Credits—137
Index—139