Follow my uploads here:               
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android OS 1.5 +
Overview: SystemPanel is an all-purpose utility application. It lets you monitor and manage the applications on your phone. It shows you what your phone is doing and what apps are consuming the battery.

SystemPanel integrates a task manager, app manager (installer/uninstaller with multi-version APK archival), and system monitor.

Solve your battery life problem by enabling the background monitoring service to record long-term CPU usage by individual apps.

SystemPanel includes the following features:
Task Manager: The task manager shows what applications are currently loaded into memory and/or running on a device, including current CPU and memory utilization for each. The task manager provides the ability to kill offending applications, and includes an emergency "end all" widget to handle extreme scenarios.

System Monitor: The system monitor can be enabled to record device usage history over a period of time (up to one week), such that you can determine what applications and usage patterns have the greatest impact on battery life. This feature is commonly used to help track down which applications are having major negative effects on battery life. The system monitor records CPU usage for each process, overall CPU usage, display usage, battery level, and battery charging status.

Installer: The installer enables you to install and uninstall applications quickly and conveniently. It can archive multiple versions of applications, such that you can backup your apps before an update and revert back to older versions afterward. This is useful in the not uncommon event the updated item is buggy or otherwise undesirable. Additionally, the Installer is designed to work much more efficiently than the standard Android application manager, and does not suffer the frustrating lag issues found in the default Android item when browsing through a large number of installed apps.

Device Information: The device information screens show detailed information about your Android device, including storage, capabilities, network state, and OS build information.

What's new in this version:
1.1.2: Maintenance release. Inactive processors now specifically marked as asleep. Bugfixes.
1.1.0: Processes are now categorized into four categories: Active, Service-Only, Cached, and System. See the documentation for more info. Active (currently running) processes are now grouped at the top as a result of this change. Added direct access to Android's process/package control panel, enabling you to directly force stop any misbehaving app (including services).


                                By bobiras2009		