DVDFab Platinum v8.1.8.1 Qt Beta

This is a AIO = all in one program double click exe and use clickable buttons.

[img]http://www.dvdfab.com/images/logo.png[/img]

DVDFab 8.1.8.1 Qt Beta (May 5 2012)

New: Updated the VSO burning engine, which fixed a BSOD problem.

Blu-ray Copy:
New: Added support to copy Blu-ray 3D "Full Disc" to Blu-ray 3D BD25 with "Copy as Blu-ray 3D" option selected.
NOTE:
1.Please choose DVDFab burning engine in "Settings -> Write" if you want to burn disc.
2.Please try this new feature with Blu-ray RW disc, or copy to hard disk folder at first to make sure it's working.
3.Please use latest version of DVDFab Virtual Drive v1370, if you want to mount and playback from hard disk folder.
4.PowerDVD 11 and Blu-ray 3D standalone player are supported, TMT3 and TMT5 are not supported now.

Fix: A problem that some special discs cannot be opened.
Fix: A problem that BDAV disc cannot be opened on certain drives.

Blu-ray Ripper:
Fix: A freeze problem when analyzing the title information, which was introduced in v8180.

Video Converter:
Fix: A 502.12.7 problem when converting with avi.xvid.audiocopy profiles.
Fix: A 504.00.12 problem when converting with most of mkv and mp4 profiles.
Fix: A freeze problem when converting with audio.copy profiles. 


website: http://www.dvdfab.com/

Installation Info:
1)install the dvdfab setup and don't launch
2)open crack folder and  right click on the DVDFab.exe and copy
3)go to the install folder  
C:Program FilesDVDFab 8 QT   and or C:Program Files(x86)DVDFab 8 QT
and right click and paste the file and Copy over other DVDFab.exe 
4)start DVDfab program and close welcome screen
and click on the green check mark at the top
and on the top left of the settings window click on general
and in the middle bottom area UNcheck check for new version automaticly click ok
And never update as u will lose your registration
5)enjoy from Slickinator


i will include the patch from BRD as some may have wanted it JUST remember it does get snagged by some Antivirus and is false positives = IT IS FINE.... just ignore or temp disable realtime protection....