For make Requests go here: https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=129845

I will not upload requests that post in the comments in my torrents.           
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

New Su-Preme MPA for Android ICS/4.0 and up
Professional audio features.
Designed for street beats.

It's the ULTIMATE HIP HOP APP

Su-Preme MPA is a sample-based music production app.
THE OFFICIAL HIP-HOP APP!

The FULL version - includes a new pack of free samples from Su-Preme, unlimited samples per project, Song Editor, exporting to MP3 and WAV and many other nice things!

Build you own beat based on built-in samples, your own samples or by sampling the MP3s you have on your device. Build sequences for verse and chorus, then lay down your sequences to create a full track. Export your track as MP3 and share it with the world!

MPA was co-designed by A. Supreme Wilder, one of the Wu-Tang Clan/Sunz of Man producers who is now a well-known music production mentor.

Features:

    Analog UI emulating the classic devices
    12 low-latency pads for drum/one-shot sounds
    A piano keyboard (the number of keys depends on your screen size)
    A basic sample editor that allows you to cut your MP3s and WAVs
    A Song Editor to build full songs from sequences
    Ability to record tracks with 1/8, 1/16 or 1/32 quantization and swing

This is a full version, not limited in any way in its functionality. Enjoy!

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 6, 2012)

    Added the GRID mode - you can now edit your tracks visually
    Increased the number of programs to 6
    Added a new tutorial video from Supreme
    Added Song Editor to build full songs by laying down sequences on a four-track grid.
    Added ROLL mode - repeating a sample with a given rate (1/4, 1/8, 1/16 and 1/32) while the pad is held.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		