Rocco's Anal Slaves 2 (2012)
 
http://www.excaliburfilms.com/AdultDVD/3004142D2_Roccos_Anal_Slaves_2_dvd.htm

Name: Rocco's Anal Slaves 2
Year: 2012
Studio: Evil Angel
Genre: Gonzo, Anal, Russian Girls
Starring: Honey Demon, Amabella, Rocco Siffredi, Amanda, Miranda, Eliza, Omar Galanti, Nikky Thorne, Ian Scott, Christian Devil, Isabella Clark, Alisha Silver, Kiera, Nika
Duration: 2:59:00
Language: English
Directed by: Rocco Siffredi

Description: Rocco Siffredi, the legendary Italian fucker and director of nasty pornographic films, presents an orgy of filthy (but fun) hard-core sodomy in "Rocco's Anal Slaves 2." In four epic scenes, one a threesome, two foursomes and a quintet, Rocco unleashes his male-dominant madness upon uninhibited young beauties who love feeling big cocks drill their horny assholes to gaping. Amabella and Honey Demon could be twins in black leather-and-fishnets outfits, long legs and strikingly long, black locks match. Both girls take deep anal rides and each tastes the other's rectal flavor on Rocco's prick. When Omar Galanti arrives exhausted in St. Petersburg, Rocco arouses him with natural-bodied cuties Amanda, Eliza and Miranda. Omar's face gets smothered in all three butts at once. He fucks Eliza's bunghole to gaping, and her pussy quiffs both visibly and audibly! Amanda's pretty rump takes a fine anal pounding; the scene offers ample ass-to-mouth action. Nikky is a spectacular, gorgeous blonde and as friendly as she is beautiful. Ian Scott and Christian Devil's huge cocks hammer Nikky's distended, gaping asshole to satisfaction. Rocco dominates gape queen Isabella Clark, making her watch as he fucks cute teens Nika, Alisha Silver and Kiera. Rocco's prick goes straight up the asses of Alisha and Kiera. Finally he turns to Isabella, and her patience is rewarded with his fat cock and a dildo up her ass simultaneously! With anal slaves like Rocco's, who needs emancipation?

File
Format: AVI
Quality: DVDRip
Video: 576x320 (1.80:1), 29.97 fps, XviD MPEG-4 ~ 900 kbps
Audio: 48 kHz, MPEG Layer 3, 2 ch, ~ 128.00 kbps avg
Size: 1.36 GB