
Publication Date: October 1, 1997 | ISBN-10: 0070365741 | ISBN-13: 978-0070365742 | Edition: 4
If you're a boiler professional, the Fourth Edition of this classic guide offers you the latest guidelines for installing, operating, and maintaining boilers in all types of facilities. The book now covers federal and state jurisdictional requirements...changes to the ASME Boiler Code, such as the new confined space entry requirements... the liberalization of the overseas requirement to obtain U.S. National Board Certification...and the use of new materials in boiler construction. It also contains questions & answers that help you review for oral and written license tests.

From the Back Cover
Solve any boiler problem quickly and easily--and prepare for your license tests, too! This new edition of a classic guide offers expert information on the latest methods, materials, and equipment for installing, operating, and maintaining boilers in industrial, commercial, and other facilities. Filled with problem-solving tips and almost 200 illustrations, the fourth edition fully explains: Both federal and state jurisdictional requirements; Changes to the ASME Boiler Code, such as the new confined space entry requirements; The liberalization of the overseas requirement to obtain U.S. National Board Certification; Recent technological advances, including the use of new materials in boiler construction. You'll also find more boiler performance and efficiency calculations. . .details on new controls, sensors, transmitters, and actuators for improved boiler operations. . .new inspection techniques. . .troubleshooting advice for combined-cycle plants. . .guidance on ISO 9000 quality standards. . .and much more. And with lots of helpful review questions and answers at the end of each chapter, the new edition of Boiler Operator's Guide continues to be your best tool in preparing for oral and written license tests.

About the Author
Anthony Kohan is a consultant with more than 30 years of experience as a technician, tester, and inspector of boiler pressure vessels and machinery. He was formerly the manager of the boiler and machinery technical specialty at the Royal Insurance Co. Mr. Kohan is the author or co-author of Standard Boiler Room Questions and Answers, Standard Heating and Power Boiler Plant Questions and Answers, Pressure Vessel Systems, and Plant Services and Operations Handbook, all published by McGraw-Hill. 