Musickal Mind Control (2010)

Author Description:

Having spent the majority of 27 years engulfed in a world of music myself, I speak from first hand knowledge about the effects music in general has on its fans. Until March 14th 2010 when I gave my life to the Lord Jesus Christ, I was so wrapped up in the antichristian “fascism” which veils the true nature of most so called artist. In this video, which I did over the last year, I try to explain certain aspects of the who, what, and whys to which so many have asked me “why would they, if they even do, worship Satan?” Satan worship first off is nothing more than self worship. Some of these musicians think they are becoming God. Satanism itself teaches that you can “obtain your own godhead.”-Anton LeVay 

Looking back from the man I am now, it always amazes me just how blind I was even to the hardcore facts of Satan’s “realness” on my own bookshelf. I have always been an avid reader. My collection grows all the time. Last year it shrunk quiet a bit when I discovered two of my favorite writers were actually serious when it came to the devil. Aleister Crowley and Dr. Timothy Leary are in fact on the same page as my documentary explains. Leary is even on tape saying it. During my teenage years I found myself fascinated with the 1960’s and the “peace and love” movement. 


MuSICKal Mind Control 2 (2011)

This film is a continuation of MuSICKal Mind Control. I worked hard to illustrate the ties between the music industry, the New Age movement, and the ecumenical body that has a one world religion in mind. Many will claim they are Christians, but few truly even know what that ensues. MMC:Redux is a documentary where I tired to use the artist own words to get the message across (as did Vol. 1) that their messages are all fundamentally the same. There is a true God, and the so called artists of the world either misses Him all together, worships their self (essentially Satanism), or they worship any god that is convenient and they deny the true living God of the Bible. The musicians discussed in this film are Beck, Radiohead, Deftones, Tool, Lady Gaga, Britney Spears, David Bowie, Gus Gus, Gary Numan, Korn, Brian Welch, Daft Punk, George Michael, Phish, TV On the Radio, Marilyn Manson, Adam Freeland, Aphex Twin, The Beatles, Goldfrapp, Tupac, Jay-z, Dr.Dre, Rick Ross, Michael Jackson, Ministry, Ozzy Osbourne, Katy Perry, Alec Empire, Kanye West, and others. Also, I discuss the Qlimax Music Festival. Oprah, Binny Hinn, Paul Couch, Joyce Meyers, Kenneth Copeland, and other FALSE prophets make special guest appearances. They show that, just like many musicians, they too feel they are “gods” or “little gods.” 


Other films done by the author: 
-BRAINO
-God is Not Your Personal Slot Machine]




