POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

.

POtHS - Prophetic Times - 66 - Apocalypse 2012 Prophecies - Vol 13  





UFOTV Presents: Alternative 4 - i,ROBOT - Transhuman Invasion:
This program examines A relentless series of programs to refashion the human species to serve the ruling elite's cunning ambitions that has been underway since the time of Charles Darwin. The science of EUGENICS seeks to deliberately control the direction of human evolution following the rule of "Social Darwinism" and "survival of the fittest." Armed now with spectacular advancements in cybernetics, nano-technology, and robotics, this menacing science has spawned the "Age of Transitions", when artificial intelligence will ultimately replace and make obsolete humans as the dominant life-form of planet Earth!

UFOTV┬« Cat# U1125 - For More Information Go to http://www.UFOTV.com


L.A. Marzulli - Aliens and the Great Deception inteview on Coast to Coast AM:
"Researcher L.A.Marzulli discusses how a recent string of events validates notions of a coming great deception, as foretold in ancient prophecies. He cited the Myanmar cyclone, the Chinese earthquake, and other natural disasters, along with the Middle East tensions as being indicators that we're living in the time prophesied by Ezekiel, and in the Book of Revelation.

Natural disasters are up more than 400% in the last two decades, he noted. Book of Revelation writes about a one-world government and religion, as well as the mark of the beast. Marzulli suggested that a terrorist attack involving suitcase nukes might be used as a pretext for people to get microchipped for alleged security reasons (the chip would be the mark that is prophesied).

He believes that a war in the Middle East will be a supernatural trigger, leading to the appearance of huge spaceships (1-3 miles wide) in the skies. The ETs (who are actually fallen angels) will claim to be the progenitors of humankind and religion-- but this is the great Luciferian deception, designed to get everyone united in a one-world govt./religion, he detailed." While these ideas may sound hard to believe, I encountered them while I was in the occult from different sources.


Chris Pinto - The Atlantis Connection:
Award winning film maker of Secret Mysteries of AmericaΓÇÖs Beginnings; Chris Pinto talks about the connections between ancient Atlantis and the United States of America. Most people know the USA as a Christian nation, but was there others who came to the USA for other purposes? Chris shows the other side of history most people arenΓÇÖt aware of and the hidden agenda that has targeted the USA by evil men. Chris Pinto personally goes through the mysteries that most Americans are unaware of in this 1:20 min talk given at the www.radioliberty.com 2006 annual conference. Get ready for an exciting time as you learn the secret mysteries of the birth of the USA with Chris Pinto.
