THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Men In Black Alien Crisis XBOX360-iMARS

A standalone adventure designed as a companion to the global theatrical 
release of MiB III, Men In Black: Alien Crisis stays true to the spirit 
of the franchise, with action-packed yet light-hearted gameplay mixed 
with edge-of-your-seat shooting excitement from the universeΓÇÖs most 
elite peacekeeping force.

Join the Men in Black as Peter Delacoeur, a MIB Agent in training assigned 
to unearth enemy aliens who are planning to destroy planet Earth. With 
hidden surveillance and stealthy guards on the prowl, players must ambush 
confidential alien intelligence and stop all alien attacks. Men In Black: 
Alien Crisis brings exciting, realistic MIB Agent movements as players 
shoot, and dodge their way through action-packed levels to escape fierce 
alien assaults. Play through the game in two-player split-screen action 
or test your MIB skills against your friends in four-person ΓÇ£hot-seatΓÇ¥ 
competitive action.

Features:

Your mission is to uncover a new alien plot, scan and identify aliens in 
disguise, neuralize any accidental civilian human witnesses, and defeat 
all enemies in order to protect Earth.

Experience the over-the-top firepower of the MIB with the next iteration 
of gun technology and intuitive cover mechanics that add choice to 
exciting rail shooter gameplay.

Unique MIB-styled Weapon:  Awesome gaming peripheral to make battling 
aliens more fun than ever.

3rd Person / Strategic Choices: Over-the-shoulder perspective and ability 
to strafe, dodge, jump and use cover.

Investigation and Interrogation: Rail-based sequences where players must 
obtain intelligence by investigating locations and interrogating suspects.

Platform: XBOX360
Format XGD2
Region: Region Free
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Action

Trailer:
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-1D35_4FBBC992.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-411D_4FBBC992.jpg