S K I D R O W 

the leading force proudly presents:

Deep Black Reloaded (c) Biart 

04-03-2012....Release Date - Protection...........Serial+Custom 
FPS..............Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD 

RELEASE NOTES: 

The Deep Black : Reloaded is a video game in the Action genre (third person shooter). 
Deep Black features extensive gameplay (40 single player missions in 4 different 
environments) that offers a mix of terrestrial and underwater battles, which so far 
has no direct analogues in this genre in the global video games market. 

The sci-fi project with detailed action-packed underwater combats will feature a new 
trend in TPS genre. Exciting gameplay suggests using both environments for combats: 
land and underwater. 

The unique setting of Deep Black comprises an immersive story line, complex science 
fiction mystery, espionage and bio-terror. The story line runs up in the nearest future 
in the world of unsteadiness, chaos, espionage, terrorism, desperate fight for world 
supremacy and possession of sophisticated biological weapon. 

Usage of realistic physical effects in the underwater environment enforces players to 
feel all the deepness of fear and unpredictability of combats in Deep Black. 

Players will take to the murky depths armed with a wrath of underwater equipment from 
specialized underwater suit with jet pack and integrated harpoon and other high tech 
equipment in pursuit of enemies. With the majority of the game play taking place below 
the waters surface, action adventure fans will need to master new skills to fight hostile 
enemies and infiltrate enemy bases. 

FEATURES: 

Cover shooter with 40 missions and 4 different environments 

More than 8 hours of gameplay 

Underwater combat 

Free 3D underwater movement 

Immersive storyline with expressive characters 

Huge choice of tactical equipment including jetpack suits and weapon, with special traits 
for underwater combat 

Support of Razer Hydra controller 

NVIDIA 3D Vision Ready title 

NVIDIA PhysX support 

Optimized for Intel Sandy & Ivy Bridge, working well on Ultrabooks. 

INSTALL NOTES: 

1. Mount or burn image 
2. Install 
3. Run Deep.Black.Reloaded.v1.2.Update from UPDATE folder on the DVD 
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation 
5. Play the game 
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!  

ADDITIONAL NOTES:

Block Launcher.exe from going online, or start game with DeepBlack.exe directly. 

Nice little protection, was a pleasure to crack! 
 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/2jyj.jpg 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/3drd.jpg