Follow my uploads here:              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android version 2.1 and higher
Overview: Photaf - The best Android App for creating panoramas

Create beautiful, seamless panoramic photos easily by utilizing the camera and the orientation sensor to know the exact angle each picture was taken.
When done, you can move your phone around to see the complete panoramic view by using the phone's compass or the touch screen.
View Photaf's online panoramas gallery and get tips for taking better panoramas at http://www.photaf.com website.

Features:
● Facebook Share - Share panoramas with your friends!
● Upload to Photaf.com website and view it from your computer!
● Automatic Image Stitching
● Pinch to Zoom
● Move to SD
● Set as Live wallpaper (Pro version)
● HD Mode (Pro Version)
● Use Camera in portrait mode (Pro Version)
● Export to gallery folder
● Optimized for Honeycomb - Works on the Motorola Xoom, Asus Transformer, Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, and all other Honeycomb tablets

Please read the troubleshooting section bellow as it may help with common problems.

Common issues and troubleshooting:
● Cannot take the next picture  Sensor inaccurately follows movement
This is a compass calibration problem, go to Photaf picture taking mode and before taking the first picture, wave your phone in a figure 8 pattern to reset the magnetometer in your device.
● Cannot create file, make sure to use a valid file name
Usually, this is a file creation error, due to SD card either not available, full or corrupted.
This error can also popup when the specified name already exists.

Photaf Panorama is the best app for making panoramas from your Android device.
What's in this version:
3.1.7
-----
- Fixed License check issues
- Changed Camera Preview Z-order
- Translation fixes


                                By bobiras2009		