POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 33 - Evil Demons Embedded in The Media

POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh.

Description: Also known as BRAIN-O

This film is an epic production that deals with the subtly of the adversary of all mankind; satan. It doesn’t matter if you call yourself a Christian or an agnostic; we all have the same adversary if the final goal of that person is to do great harm (death) unto you. The adversary uses some of yours and my favorite things to subliminally (a synonym of the word subtle) advertise beliefs to us.

I will show you marketing techniques that use sex and/or theologies to sell you. Whether it is subtle displacement, product placement, or theology placement they (the marketers) are trying to “sell” you. The Bible makes it clear; you either serve God or the Devil. God declares you are a child of Light or a child of darkness, a sheep or a goat, and a wheat or a tare.

Marketing is a part of every facet of our society. From the time a child is born, they are marketed. New age visualization, astral projection, and disgusting sex acts are placed in commercials, sitcoms, talk shows, and even in children’s cartoons. If you can stomach the length of this film you will be stronger than most. Do not let the images you see in this film frighten you…unless you don’t know the Lord.

This download includes Brain-O II Plunger Included Introduction and Sections 1-3 of 7

Introduction

A brief overview of what a subliminal message is and the beginnings of subliminal advertising.
Subliminal. Not many words catch the attention of people like this word. Ironic to think that when the word is defined as “functioning below the threshold of conciseness”, (by Merriam-Webster.) It is a synonym for the word subtil. It isn’t defined as backwards, hidden, eso or exoteric. In order for a subliminal message to effect the intended it must be seen even if unknowingly.

Section 1: “The Subtil Nature of Satan”

Section 2: “Sex Sells”

Section 3: “Witchcraft and Nature Worship”

Sections 4-7 

This film’s goals are simple: to show the viewers that whether or not they believe that what they put before their eyes and ears can affect them; they do. I will use a barrage of TV shows ranging from children’s cartoons to sitcoms, movies, commercials, magazines, ads, video games, and much more. It is impossible to not be influenced by a subliminal message. However, what is impossible with man is possible with God.


Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
