Requirements: Android 1.6+

Overview:

Are you a fan of oldschool RPGs like Ultima, but crave the openness and exploration in modern games? 

We are proud to present 9th Dawn, a game that's a blend of modern and traditional design and gameplay and sports the largest open world experience available today in a mobile RPG!

Explore the large island continent of Montelorne, a land far detached from the mainland, but filled with mystery, danger, and last but not least, adventure. You begin your journey in the small village of Agaria, but once you gain your bearings, you'll find yourself immersed in a world of its own.
Play as one of three of the traditional classes: The sturdy knight, skilled in the art of combat and possessing the ability to wield heavy armour and weapons; the nimble archer, capable of swiftly dispatching a foe from afar or up close with his daggers; the wise mage, master of the elements and capable of utilizing powerful magic spells and summoning abilities to obliterate the enemy.

Whether it's searching for hidden artifacts and treasure, helping the troubled Montelornians with the rising undead armies, or simply exploring the massive world and its many towns, dungeons, and forests, there is no shortage of fun for a bold adventurer to partake of!
-------------------------------------------------
We would personally like to thank all of our supporters and players, whether they be from our failed Kickstarter campaign, a fan of our tech demo that we released some months back, or a family member or friend. It is your interest and support that has driven this project and gotten us to this point in the game's development. It may have taken us a bit longer, but we are proud to present the game to you all as it is now.
If you are uncertain of purchasing right now, feel free to check out our old tech demo and see if 9th Dawn is up your alley. Simply search for "9th Dawn Tech Demo" in Google Play to find it. Note: it is very outdated and does not even nearly reflect the scope and content of the release.
We are currently aware of some issues which affect framerate and loading times. If you encounter a long loading time or black screen, give it some time. Mobile phones have not quite caught up yet for such an open world, expansive map system, but we are making efforts to enhance the performance experience and will be adding options to enhance performance on lower end phones in the future. Note: we do not support resolutions below 320x480, but the game should run great on tablets (some minor gfx glitches).

What's in this version :
12-5-12: Added weapon animations, new Xperia controls, other minor changes.

This game has no advertisements
 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.valorware.ninthdawn

