General:

Simulation of the Airbus A320 and A321 focused on the day to day operation of the aircraft from the left seat. 
Five models: A320 IAE engines, A320 CFM engines, A321 IAE engines, A321 CFM engines, A320 NEO demonstrator (A320 CFM with sharklets). 
Late model cockpit (with LCD and updated ADIRS). Note we do default to the A321 CFM cockpit for all models (that is is also flown with N1 displays btw). 
Twenty-one liveries, extensive paint kit. Over 100 additional liveries available on release. 
Sublime modeling/texturing based on the latest technologies. Very easy on frame-rates. 
Landing lights, taxi lights, taxiway turn-off lights created with the best technology which actually lights objects up. 
Dozens of non-standard animations, all with sound effects (sun screens, windows,  tables, tiller, jump seat, standby compass, drooping flight surfaces etc). 
Included web server that allows you to access (and use) the MCDU via any web browser; ideal for tablet computers. 
Automated State Save that saves (and loads) all the aircraft systems when the standard FSX save (load) option is used. 
Extensive options to show ground objects (cones, ground power etc) and to actually provide ground power. 
All main doors and cargo hatches can be opened. 
Many systems programmed in XML to allows users to change code. 
Extensive manuals, with highly detailed step-by-step section in (at least) 12 languages. 
Prepared for Airport Enhancement Services. Fully compatible with GSX. 
SDK will be available, LINDA connectivity available. 
Add-in system that allows the aircraft to be extended with 3rd party applications (all using the right MCDU). 
Add-in View system: adds many pre-defined views for easy use, emulates 2D panel views. 
Add-in Sound system: adds hundreds of background sounds to enhance the immersion. 
Add-in Checklist system: semi-automated audio checklists. Checklist has two options, callouts only, or callouts with semi-automation (think virtual co-pilot). 
We opened part of the support sections already so the FAQ section could assist in answering some of the frequently asked questions: http://forum.aerosoft.com/index.php?/forum/518-faq/ 
Fully tested under Windows 8.
