POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 124 - End-Times Deceptions - by Jim Wilhelmsen


POtHS Comment: His BLOOD is the only thing that Redeems us.

Description:

This is a 5 part series by Rev Jim Wilhelmsen.  The included presentations along with descriptions are show below.
The First is The Hollow Earth and its Inhabitants
The Second is Nazi New Age UFO Deception
The Third is The True Story Behind Roswell
The Fourth is Parallel Dimensions & Power of Blood
The Fith is Lucifer's Plan for the Future.

Check out Rev. Jim Wilhelmsen's YT channels alternaterealities7 and anonymoustruther2's for these and more videos or his website as shown below. 
http://www.echoesofenoch.com/
buy the book here: 
http://www.delusionresistance.org/christian/bookreviews/book13.html 
http://www.amazon.com/Beyond-Science-Fiction-Jim-Wilhelmsen/dp/1440104719
videos from:


1. The Hollow Earth & Its Inhabitants by Jim Wilhelmsen:
From the author of "Beyond Science-Fiction", Rev. Jim Wilhelmsen on Hollow Earth and its Inhabitants, according to the scriptures in the Bible as well as history, myth and Archeology.

Is there a real Hollow Earth?
What does science say and what does the bible tell us.
Is hell a real physical place?
What do the scriptures say about the origins of Giants before and after the flood?
What has recent science discovered about pre-flood conditions and giantism?
Why Giant Fossil remains, bones and mummies are not viewed in public museums?

2. The Nazi New Age UFO 2012 Deception - Rev Jim Wilhelmsen:
From the author of "Beyond Science-Fiction", Rev. Jim Wilhelmsen about New Age, the Nazi, Theosophy, UFOs, Aliens, the Thule and Vril Society, Time Travel, Stargates, the Antarctic War, WW2, Hollow Earth, hidden archeology, the supernatural, Fallen Angels, Nephilim, genetic engineering, symbolism, the Bible, the New World Order and much more.

3a. The True Story Behind Roswell - Jim Wilhelmsen:
Roswell was a planned event to deceive our own government officials. The Plan worked.

3b. Roswell in the Bible - Jim Wilhelmsen
Title says it all.

4. Parallel Dimensions & Power of Blood by Jim Wilhelmsen:
Parallel Dimensions A 21st Century Gospel.  From the author of "Beyond Science-Fiction", Rev. Jim Wilhelmsen about Parallel Dimensions, Time, Space, Eternity, the Power of Blood, the Garden of Eden, the Tower of Babel, Stargates, genetic engineering, UFOs, Aliens, Fallen Angels, Angels, God's Kingdom and the Bible.

5. Lucifer's Plan for the Future - Jim Wilhelmsen:
Satan has a plan to beat God at his own game. He already lost, but he still gonna try his plan. Isaiah 14 describes the 5 "I wills" of Satan, Paul mentions the mystery of iniquity. In this series, discover the plan from Hell and Lucifer to rule the world eternally!

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
