Sexually BrokenInnocent Girl Next Door takes Cat 5 Throat Boarding! Most intense deep throating while cumming.  Alice Frost  Matt Williams



Mp4 Only

Sexually Broken is proud to welcome Alice Frost to the pages of the fastest growing Sex and Submission site on the net. Alice is the quintessential Girl Next Door. She is kitten cute, but as sexually tough as anyone we have ever met. Her throat fucking skills should be required study for all girls in porn today.

 THROAT BOARDING: The act of binding a girl's neck to a stationary board, so her head rests against it from behind, then fucking the bejesus out of her helpless throat. The board prevents any movement of the head away from the cock.

 We invented Throat Boarding, we are the masters of it, and now little innocent Alice Frost is about to get the skull fucking of her life. Bound with legs spread wide, her natural boobs tightly bound, and her head held firmly in place, Alice is about to discover what being helpless is really all about.

 We add suction cups to Alice huge nipples, and turn on the vibrator that is locked in place directly on her shave pussy. Instantly Alice is softly moaning, the vibrator doing its job. We add a tongue trap, to prevent her from using it as a blocking tool when we start her catastrophic Throat Boarding. We also add a nose hook, pulling it back to keep her mouth wide open.

 What happens next is an epic throat fucking, probable the most intense we have on Sexually Broken right now. To say she is simply a good cock sucker, would be like calling a rubber band a lock, she is extraordinary at taking a rough deep throat pounding. If Throat Boarding was an Olympic sport, GOLD medal hands down. Alice is that good.

 We are ruthless, we fuck Alice's little throat like we are pounding a pussy, we hold our cock deep down her throat preventing all breathing, she breathes when we want her to, breath control at its very best. All the time she is cumming and cumming from the vibrator. I seriously cannot type words that adequately describe the intensity of this scene. Alice Frost's Throat Boarding is a Must See, for anyone that likes bondage and rough sex, period!

 Join Sexually Broken today and see the worlds hottest porn stars Sexually Destroyed, like you have never seen them before, nothing faked, no clumsy male LA porn guys trying to be all "Dominant" like. Authentic BaRS (bondage and rough sex) action with an authentic male rigger/handler. 


Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_12afrost2/SexuallyBroken-Alice-Frost-Matt-Williams-Innocent-Girl-Next-Door-takes-Cat-5-Throat-Boarding-Most-intense-deep-throating-while-cumming.php


9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

