Follow my uploads here:                           
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

If you are looking for a call/message blocking app, this is the app you need. This is the oldest call/msg blocking app on the Market, and have the highest sale (~20,000 sold), and still have 4.5 average rating and excellent customer support rating.


Features :
Best selling call blocking/filtering app on the Android market, a complete privacy tool for your calls and sms. We have excellent support record, no question will be ignored.

Three ways to block calls:

    Answer-and-hangup 
    Send to voice mail 
    Mute call, caller will hear the normal ring and then voice mail. 

Block MMS (messages with attachment, picture,music...)

    MMS erased before received. 

Three ways to block SMS (Text only message)

    Blocked and erased 
    Blocked and saved in the blocking history 
    Blocked and hide in the private sms box 

Build-in private sms box

    Hide private SMS messages 
    LED only notification of new private message, pick your own LED color. 
    Calls to/from private listed numbers will automatically be erased from phone's call log, and logged in the private sms box. 
    Concealed entry to private sms box 
    Auto time out to close the mail box 
    Shake phone to close the mail box against sneak up people 
    Invisible new message widget only shows up when there is new private message. 


What's in this version : (Updated : May 30, 2012)

    New feature: Detect conflict apps and warn users.
    Bug fix: App can be accessed through notification, and bypass the password.
    Bug fix: Private msg box close immediately after open.
    Enhancement: Removed unnecessary restrictions when setting up profiles.
    Enhancement: Add an option to allow sound notification for private SMS.

Required Android O/S : 1.5+



                                By bobiras2009		