LiquidSonics' Reverberate is a highly efficient hybrid convolution reverb audio processor offering true zero-latency operation for two separate, stereo impulse responses for Mac and PC supporting VST, Audio Units and RTAS.
Creative Convolution

Reverberate provides a rich and dynamic reverb from impulse responses by modulating an amalgamation of two, separately controllable true stereo IRs using an LFO. Further modulation is possible using the post-processing effects; an all-pass interpolator chorus and delay unit provide a fuller sound and an over-sampled analogue prototype paragraphic equaliser is provided with dual LFOs. These features make for a livelier, more creative sound than typically associated with some convolution reverbs.

In addition to loading impulse responses from audio files Reverberate is able to generate supplementary independent early reflections and tails for additional control over a room’s sonic characteristics.

Dual true-stereo convolution reverb
Zero latency (or select up to 8192 samples latency)
Early reflections and tails modules
True stereo simulation for stereo IRs
168 Presets (including 104 true-stereo files)
Double oversampled EQ with modulation per IR
Linear-interpolation choruses for IR1, IR2 and post effects
Stereo delays with modulation for IR2, IR2 and post effects
Post EQ with LFO modulation
Modulation via MIDI-CC
Stereo widener with anti-phase reduction
ADSHR envelopes with shape control
Low CPU downsampling mode option
Presence filter for adding synthetic high frequency content to dark IRs
Impulse response chaining
Integrated preset and sample browsers
Drag and drop IRs from OS file browsers
Wav, WIR, SDIR, Aiff and Flac file support
64-bit VST and AU on Mac and PC


Presets and Impulse Responses

Reverberate is supplied with a number of presets and impulse responses in order to provide an overview of the plug-in's capabilities, but we strongly encourage you to seek additional impulse responses and experiment with Reverberate's modulation capabilities. Whilst there are many outstanding commercial DVD IR libraries there are some excellent, well respected packages available online such as those at 1313 (rhythminmind.net), Samplicity, Practical Sampling, OpenAIR (UK-based sampled IRs), Echo Chamber and more links at KVR.



System Requirements

Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7
PC VST/RTAS 32-bit
PC VST 64-bit t




INSTALLATION:


• Uninstall previous versions.

• Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

• Install the setup...




• That's it! Done.



3Nj0Y!!!