JRiver Media Center ??? All-in-one media management app turns any Windows PC into an entertainment hub for complete control of your digital media. Audio, Video, Images, & Television. It connects PC to stereo, TV, remote control devices, digital cameras, scanners, and portable MP3 players. It plays all media, rips, burns, and organizes all your music, images, and video. MC encodes and plays all popular media formats. Powerful utilities include Media Server for streaming music and images to remote PCs. Media Center is more than a world class player. It???s also a Media Network, a whole house music, movie, TV, and photo solution.

The leader in audiophile quality sound. The most powerful media database available; an essential tool for large collections. An endless source of satisfaction for tweakers and developers. Plays more file formats than any other player. Connected media from Netflix, Hulu, Last.fm, Youtube, Facebook, Twitter, Wikipedia. And it sends to Flickr, Facebook, and Twitter.

Audio:
??? Native support of DirectShow DSP filters
??? Audiophile ??? WASAPI exclusive output using high-end USB DACs
??? Audiophile ??? Added ability to play files from memory instead of disk
??? Audiophile ??? Support for high end USB DAC???s with WASAPI
??? Headphone DSP makes listening more natural and comfortable.
??? SoundcardSwitch command for the launcher (MC14.exe), allows soundcard selection on Vista and W7
??? 3D album view adjusts text size to display more tracks when necessary
??? 3D album view allows playing, adding, shuffling, and adding as next to play

Images:
??? Image Preview allows zoom from a thumbnail to rotate, delete, compare, edit, and more
??? Image thumbnail frames (optional)
??? Photoshop PSD file support
??? Single command copy / send to an editor like Photoshop, and stack new image with original

Video:
??? Video tagging using sidecar files
??? Chapter Support for MKV and MP4
??? Chapters added to On Screen Display
??? Info Panel displays metadata

Television:
??? Added new ???watched??? column to metadata
??? EPG can automatically retrieve XMLTV data
??? Automatic correlation of XML channel names and MC channel names
??? Info Panel displays metadata, including TV program art
??? TV program art from YADB

Theater View:
??? Watch Hulu and YouTube from Theater View
??? Customizable nested views in Theater View
??? Customizable File Info panel to display metadata
??? Speed and quality enhancements
??? Custom backgrounds
??? Touch screen support
??? On screen clock

Remotes and Servers:
??? Wiki articles: Remotes and Servers
??? Remote Relay using IR transceivers for controlling a set top box or receiver
??? Remote Setup Wizard
??? Media Center Remote learning and blasting
??? Media Center can connect to another Media Center to act as a remote (TRemote)
??? New HID remote control plug-in ??? supports shortcuts with keyboard, mouse, & gamepad
??? Remote control with REST based Web Service Interface in Library Server
??? Library Server supports read and write to allow for shared, multi-user database access
??? DLNA added to the UPnP Server
??? Library Server clients can write changes back to server
??? Library Server connections allow playback on server as Playing Now zones

Install:

- run application
- apply patch