Introducing the Most Effective Body Recomposition Plan Ever Created…
They say it’s physically impossible to lose fat and build muscle at the same time. And they were right… until now. The Renegade Diet makes this possibility a reality by presenting an alternative approach, based on millions of years of evolution, that goes against EVERYTHING you’ve ever learned or believed to be true about nutrition.
Your body was designed for and adapted to a certain style and pattern of eating that has nothing in common with what most people do today. When you ignore this and follow standard diet advice you end up fatter, smaller and sicker. Statistics show our hunter-gatherer ancestors to have had significantly more muscle and less body-fat than the average person does today.  There were also fewer chronic diseases like those so prevalent nowadays. Before you can worry about fat loss, muscle gain or enhanced performance you’ve got to get healthy first. Once you get healthy everything else falls into place.
To gain muscle without the fat, or get ripped while keeping your hard earned size, you’ve got to unlearn all you’ve been taught about “healthy eating” and “proper nutrition” and embrace the ways of The Renegade Diet. The future of high performance nutrition has arrived.

Inside The Renegade Diet You’ll Discover:
Why your current eating plan is turning you into a fat storing machine.
Why breakfast is NOT the most important meal of the day.
Why following the traditional rules of meal frequency is making you fatter and sicker.
How to fix low testosterone and elevated estrogen levels.
Why carbs are NOT the enemy and may even help you get ripped… if you know how to use them properly.
How protein consumption can actually cause you to gain body-fat.
What to do immediately before training to dramatically enhance the rate at which you burn fat.
Why complex carbs and “whole grains” are making you fatter and sicker.
Why you may not need as many calories or as much protein as you thought to build muscle.
How to speed up your recovery between workouts.
Why certain “health foods” are some of the worst substances you can put in your body.
How to naturally optimize insulin, growth hormone, IGF and leptin for the fastest results in body transformation.
The precise order to eat your biggest meal in for the best results.
When to eat carbs and when to avoid them like the plague.
Why you have adrenal fatigue and what to do about it.
How to strengthen your immune system.
Why eating 5-7 servings of fruit all day is great… if you want to get fat.
How the models for the classic Greek statues got that ripped.
What five essential supplements can make a big difference in your health and appearance.
How to dramatically improve protein assimilation. It’s not how much you eat but how much you utilize.
How to eat whatever you want (bacon and eggs, sushi, pumpkin pie)… and end up looking better as a result!