PGWare PCMedik 6.8.13.2012 | 2.4 Mb

 PCMedik instantly makes your computer faster and fixes common problems associated with frustrating slowdowns and errors. Do you remember when you first turned your brand new computer on and how fast it worked? With PCMedik and a click of the mouse you can bring back this speed to your computer instantly. PCMedik quickly scans your computer for common problems and fixes them, it then makes several permanent changes to Windows so your computer feels like it is brand new once again. Don't deal with a slow computer and make tasks take longer to complete, install PCMedik and make your computer run faster.
 
Over time as you install new and updated software, you get the impression your computer is slower due to these applications being more demanding of faster hardware. PCMedik makes your computer faster by making several changes to Windows settings; for instance it turns off several animations that degrade performance, instructs the CPU how to prioritize background tasks, how files are loaded and written to the hard drive, changes to the way memory is used when programs use the memory swap file and dozens of other performance settings. With these system changes made to Windows and the fixes to common problems, your computer will run faster and operate like it is brand new.
 
Compatible with Microsoft Windows 7, Vista, XP & Windows Server 2008, 2003. 32-BIT/64-BIT ready.
 Instantly increases the speed of your computer with a very easy to use interface, simply click one button and reboot the computer.
 Decreases the amount of time for Windows to load, and makes loading and running your favorite programs much faster.
 PCMedik repairs common problems found on most computers and instantly fixes them to improve computer stability and performance.
 Makes your computer faster by optimizing how the computer memory operates, how applications are prioritized with the CPU and how the disk drive performs.
 Deep system analyzer and diagnostic feature which attempts to find and repair any potential problems with the computer affecting its performance.
 Changes are made to the Windows system permanently, allowing you to perform a single one time tune-up to increase performance forever.
 Constant updates to the software add new performance tweaks to allow you to take advantage of improvements that your system is capable of.
 
Home Page: http://www.pgware.com/products/pcmedik/