Create your own professional-sounding CDs from virtually any audio source using Data Becker's Music CD Recorder 3.0. Easily import music from MP3s, CDs, cassettes, LPs, and even 8-tracks. Work with dozens of supported file formats, including WAV, MPEG, MID, and CDA formats. Music CD Recorder 3.0 also copies one-to-one data CDs, while a CD-grab function makes dubbing audio CDs quick and easy.

Integrated tools simplify a variety of editing functions to let you DJ your custom mixes; enhance, mix, and cut tracks; clean up hisses, scratches, and pops; and perform more complex editing functions. Add 32-bit real-time effects like fade, echo, delay, and loudness, and uniformly control volume levels.

Music CD Recorder 3.0 is compatible with more than 200 CD-R and CD-RW devices. Wizard functions guide you through recording processes. Additional features make it possible to download MP3 files to portable MP3 players, store CD titles and tracks, and print track titles and labels.
 

With Music CD Recorder 3.0, you can create your own professional-sounding CDs from virtually any audio source. Simply import audio files. Clean up hisses, scratches, and pops. Edit your own mixes. Add effects. Then record your masterpieces to CD. That's all it takes to be able to play it your way. Digitize Music from Any Source Import music from virtually any audio source including MP3s CDs, cassettes, LPs ... even 8 tracks NEW! Quickly copy audio CDs with our CD Grab function NEW! Intelligent Wizards guide you through the entire recording process Work with dozens of supported file formats, including wav, mp3, mid and cda Customize and Clarify Your Mix NEW! DJ your mixes with our new Speech Recording tool NEW! Full DirectX plug-in support for unlimited editing capability Enhance, cut and mix tracks with our advanced Wave Music Editor Ensure crystal clear sound with our sound restoration tools, 3D wave analyzer and adjustable noise filters Add special 32-bit real-time effects, including fade, echo, delay, loudness, and more Burn Your Own CDs BONUS! One to one data and audio CD copying NEW! Burn MP3s to data CDs Record custom CDs with over 200 compatible CD-R and CD-RW devices Keep all your tracks at a consistent volume level with the Normalizing feature NEW! Download your MP3s to your portable MP3 player Store CD titles and tracks with our integrated audio database FREE! Print CD track listings and labels with CD Print Studio System Requirements: Pentium II 233 mhz or higher Windows 95C/98/98SE/ME/2000/XP with 64MB of RAM VGA card 16 bit sound card 70 MB hard disk space plus additional temporary space needed during recording process CD-ROM drive CD Writer Optional: microphone, printer