TV Air Date: 2011
Genre: Sitcom
RunTime: 30 Minutes x6

Irish comedian Brendan O'Carroll stars as Agnes Brown
in Mrs. Brown's Boys. Ireland's funniest and proudest
mother, Agnes Brown, is a foul-mouthed Dublin matriarch
who interferes in the lives of her children and friends.

The theatre show Mrs. Brown's Boys has been a sell-out
success for a number of years in Eire and the north of
Britain, and this series, specially written by Brendan
for the BBC, is jam-packed with all the laughs,
surprises and drama of Mrs Brown on stage. Prepare
for a riot of bad behaviour as Agnes offers help
and advice to her family and friends.

Episodes:

1: The Mammy.
Agnes Brown has family troubles to contend with: her son Dermot has
fallen out with Maria Nicholson, his long-term girlfriend, and Grandad
is feeling poorly.

2: Mammy's Secret.
Mrs Brown is concerned that her family are keeping too many secrets.
Her daughter, Cathy, won't tell anyone about her new boyfriend and
son Mark won't tell anyone why wife Betty has thrown him out.

3: Mammy's Merchandise.
Dermot wants to ask his childhood friend, Buster, to be best man at
his wedding - now just weeks away - but Agnes has set her heart on
Mark, her eldest son, filling the position.

4: Mammy Rides Again.
Agnes and Winnie gatecrash Maria's hen party, but realise that they
have the wrong venue. Later, having invited Maria's snooty mother
Mrs Nicholson to dinner, a nervous Agnes shores up her confidence
with alcohol, but chaos ensues as the evening proceeds.

5: Mammy Of The Groom.
With his wedding only days away and tensions running high, Dermot
suffers some pre-wedding jitters and takes refuge in a cupboard.
Will Agnes be able to coax her son out in time for his nuptials?
Meanwhile, Cathy gives her mother a book on homosexuality,
leading Agnes to wonder who in her family is gay.

6: Mammy's Miracle.
Agnes Brown thinks everyone has gone mad. Father Quinn is losing his
faith as fast as he loses parishioners. Newlyweds Dermot and Maria
won't stop fighting. And Grandad has decided he'd like to witness
his own funeral.
 
http://www.shotpix.com/images/29880364182008713021.jpg

Brendan O'Carroll
Dermot O'Neill
Jennifer Gibney
Paddy Houlihan
Fiona O'Carroll
Eilish O'Carroll
Amanda Woods
Rory Cowan
Pat Shields

ORIGINAL Source: HDTV & Web
Video: XviD 624*352/25fps
Audio: 130kbps/Stereo
Size Of File: 1.37GB
Sample Included: Yes 