Q: What is Solar Echoes?
A: Solar Echoes is an imaginative strategic role-playing game involving team-based social play in which you take on the role of a hero. Players gather together and immerse themselves in a science-fiction universe, developing their own created characters as they discover and explore new worlds, interact with alien beings, engage in combat with hostiles, and uncover shocking secrets at the far reaches of space. Unconstrained by the limits of a video game, Solar Echoes is a universe designed with endless possibilities and choices in which players may do just about anything they can imagine. 

Q: What can you do in this game?
A: You can do just about anything you can imagine in this game. You can explore the game universe, develop your own economic goals through trading, buying and selling, customize your own starship and weapons, become the leader of a colonized planet, discover the secrets of the Voidsea, defeat the most powerful enemies in the universe, etc. Rules exist to govern certain situations, such as Ranged and Melee Combat, Vehicle and Starship Combat, as well as Hacking and Dialogue challenges. The MC will provide the adventure, and he will govern the universe around what you decide to do. The possibilities are endless.

Q: What do I need to play this game?
A: You only need a Player's Guide, a pencil, a character sheet, a token to represent your character, five 6-sided dice., and friends with whom you can play this game.

Q: What is the NEW Reactive Battle System?
A: Solar Echoes encourages fast game play by minimizing the number of different checks and rolls needed to accomplish a single task and by offering players many opportunities to change the outcome of an encounter without forcing them through repetitive challenges. Rounds are designed to pass quickly so players are not left waiting a long time for their turn. Even when players are not Moving or declaring Actions, they still can use Reactions to counter other events, which gives them interesting options that can be used at all times. This encourages players to remain focused upon the game, which in turn leads to fast and exciting action!