Time Bandits (1981) FULL DVD9 (ISO) Criterion Collection

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD. You can even unzip it with WinZip or WinRAR to unpack it to the original VOBs.

This rip is a (DVD-9)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you may need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.

THIS DISC IS OUT OF PRINT

1981
115 minutes
Color
1.78:1
Spoken Language: English
Subtitles: English

Director: 
Terry Gilliam

Cast: 
John Cleese, Sean Connery, Ian Holm, Michael Palin, Ralph Richardson, David Warner, Craig Warnock, Shelley Duvall, Katherine Helmond, Peter Vaughan, David Rappaport, Kenny Baker, Mike Edmonds, Tiny Ross, Malcolm Dixon, Jack Purvis, Jim Broadbent

Disc Features:
* Audio commentary by director Terry Gilliam, cowriter/actor Michael Palin, and actors John Cleese, David Warner, and Craig Warnock 
* Time Bandits scrapbook 
* Original theatrical trailer
* Subtitles for the deaf and hearing-impaired

SYNOPSIS:  
In Terry GilliamΓÇÖs fantastic voyage through time and space, a young boy named Kevin (Craig Warnock) escapes his gadget-obsessed parents to join a band of time-traveling dwarves. Armed with a map stolen from the Supreme Being (Ralph Richardson), they plunder treasure from Napoleon (Ian Holm) and Agamemnon (Sean Connery)ΓÇöbut the Evil Genius (David Warner) is watching their every move! Featuring a darkly playful script by Gilliam and costar Michael Palin, Time Bandits is all at once giddy fairy tale, revisionist history lesson, and satire on technology gone awry.

Stuff I want as full disc either DVD5 or DVD9:
Harold and Maude (1971) from Criterion Collection
Do the Right Thing ΓÇô Disc 1 (1989) from Criterion Collection
Spartacus ΓÇô Disc 1 (1960) from Criterion Collection
