
 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Chuck Missler

Volume 3
The Prophets to The Gentiles

POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Prophets to The Gentiles


Description:

The Prophets to The Gentiles

Description

Jonah, the reluctant prophet, was called to prophesy against the pagan capital of the world, Nineveh. He attempted to shun the assignment until God explained it to him a little more clearly! His message to Nineveh:40 days and you get yours! The greatest miracle in the book of Jonah was Nineveh's repentance, within the allotted 40 days, on speculation! They reasoned that maybe, if they repented, God might change His mind. They did. And He did.

A century later, Nahum was sent to ask them to repent and Nineveh failed. Judgment resulted.

Obadiah prophesied against Israel's enemies. His book provides insights into the 2nd Coming of Jesus Christ and why some countries will apparently escape the rule of the Antichrist. These are three small books of the Bible that contribute a critical perspective for all of us.

This study contains 8 hours of verse by verse teachings


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  