Finnigan & Wood - Crazed Hipsters (1972) 256 kbps mp3 Vinyl rip
(includes artwork)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Mike Finnigan is a real master of blues and R&B, here with Jerry Wood.

Finnigan came onto the music scene when he sessioned with Jimi Hendrix on the album Electric Ladyland.

Finnigan has also toured and sessioned for the likes of, Joe Cocker, Etta James, Sam Moore, Crosby Stills and Nash, Dave Mason, Buddy Guy, Manhattan Transfer, Taj Mahal, Michael McDonald, Maria Muldaur, Peter Frampton, Cher, Ringo Starr, Leonard Cohen, Tower of Power, Rod Stewart, David Coverdale, Tracy Chapman and Destruments. 

Finnigan's latest project is with Bonnie Raitt on her 2012 CD, "Slipstream".

His recording with the group Finnigan & Wood entitled "Crazed Hipsters" is considered a midwest R&B/Rock cult classic.  Although never given its due, this album has stood the test of time with some great original tunes and equally great covers. In particular, the cover of Death Letter, by Sun House, deserves a listen. I don't have any idea how an album makes it to production, or reaches its end of life, but this is one collection deserving of a second (or third, or fourth) life. 

Finnigan moved on recorded two solo records in the 70's, one notably with legendary rhythm and blues producer Jerry Wexler. He later collaborated with two other Columbia Artists, Les Dudek and Jim Krueger, with whom he formed DFK (Dudek, Finnegan, and Krueger) in 1978. Finnigan is also considered by many such as Jerry Wexler, Mavis Staples, Etta James, Stephen Stills. John Porter, Stephen "Doc" Kupka and Tom Wilson as one of most soulful vocalists ever.  More recently, his work featured on the CD by The Finnigan Brothers (NashFilms Records), a collaboration with his younger brother Sean and founding member of Bread, Robb Royer.

He is twice a winner of the W.C. Handy Blues Music Award for his work with Taj Mahal as a member of the Phantom Blues Band.

TRACK LISTING

1. Don't Cry No More 2:43
2. Down In The Flood 3:37
3. My, My, My 4:45
4. Death Letter 5:29
5. Hard Times (nobody knows better than I) 4:51
6. Lady Lady 2:48
7. Highway 4:48
8. Laughing Eyes 2:46
9. Tend To Your Own Business 4:13
10. Rock And Roll Show 2:46
11. Highway 5:00
