"Suburban Vermin is a Punk band coming out of Seattle,WA. With a really authentic punk rock sound.

When I first started to listen to these guys, I thought I had taken a trip back in time, when Punk Rock was in itΓÇÖs prime with The Ramones or The Clash. I was actually blown away by their music.

Suburban Vermin basically has everything you could ask for from a band; great vocals, awesome instrumental skills, sick ass lyrics and a truly kick ass sound. With the ability to make music comparable to Artists such as the Ramones, is quite a feat. Overall this band is really awesome and I for one have become a long time fan." - Punkreviews.net (http://punkreviews.net/?p=198)

"Suburban Vermin, Danger and Destiny (8/10, self-released, suburbanvermin.com): Six songs of no-frills punk rock with dueling male/female vocals that don't fall squarely into either Ramones-core or old-school skate-punk territory, but somewhere in between. Bonus points for singer/guitarist Amanda Gamino's voice sounding a lot like that of Kim Shattuck of the Muffs. DL" - Seattle Weekly - (http://blogs.seattleweekly.com/reverb/2012/08/august_reviews.php?page=39)


1. Different Note  
2. Low Fidelity 
3. Little Miss Suicide
4. Scumbag
5. Six Feet Deep 
6. Nik Kilburg

Producer: Kenneth R. Fordyce 
Production Assistants/Engineers: 
Aaron Park and Jacob Altaras 

Mixed By: Kenneth R. Fordyce, Aaron Park and Jacob Altaras

Mastered By: Kenneth R. Fordyce

Recorded,Mixed and Mastered  at Mirror Sound Studios in Shoreline,WA 

Vocals and Guitars - Amanda Gamino
Vocals and Bass - Jason Vermin 
Drums - Nik Killburg 

Artwork: Jesse Lukens
Layout: Jason Vermin
Manufactured by Kunaki Inc. 

All Songs Written by and (C) 2012 Suburban Vermin (Jason Vermin, Amanda Gamino and Nik Killburg (BMI))

Go ahead and copy this cd and give it to your friends. We'd much rather they dig it, come to a show and buy us a beer instead of buying a cd off us. But, it wouldn't kill you to pick up some other merch like a t-shirt or something, We gotta eat y'know,,,

As always, when you find yourself on the sunny super information highway, drop by www.suburbanvermin.com