Mark Lamarr's Rhythm and Blues Christmas (Acrobat) [FLAC] {MKOP}

With Shake, Rattle And Roll, The Beginners Guide To Reggae and Alternative '60s under his belt, Mark Lamarr’s current Radio 2 slots are the self-explanatory Shake, Rattle And Roll and God’s Jukebox, an eclectic mix of hip hop, funk, country and gospel. Mark is also regularly called upon to present a radio show on Christmas Day and it is the R&B, blues, doo wop and jazz element of that show that is reflected in this selection of favourites drawn from his own collection.

The Ravens’ ''White Christmas'' and Mabel Scott’s ''Boogie Woogie Santa Claus'' reached #9 and #12 respectively on the R&B chart over the 1948 Christmas holiday period; Felix Gross’s ''Love For Christmas'' and The Oriole’s ''What Are You Doing New Year’s Eve?'' both peaked at #9 a year later; and ''Far Away Blues (Xmas Blues)'', which featured Little Esther and Mel Walker singing with the Johnny Otis Orchestra, was a #6 hit in 1950. The remainder of Mark’s selection is a mixture of familiar names (The Moonglows, Joe Turner, Jimmy Witherspoon, Lightnin’ Hopkins and Louis Armstrong, among others) and a smattering of less well known artists, all conspiring to make your seasonal holiday a Rhythm & Blues Christmas to remember.

"There's nary a duffer among the 25 tracks...doused in the good-time party spirit." - 4/5  RECORD COLLECTOR

"For fans of 50s R&B - whether you dig holiday music at all, even a little bit - this one is essential. Be sure to dig Lightnin’ Hopkins’ “Happy New Year." - MUSOSCRIBE

"Mark has added a handful of lesser-known names to bring about an excellent balance of music." - BLUES AND SOUL MAGAZINE

01. Hey Santa Claus - The Moonglows
02. Christmas Date Boogie - Big Joe Turner
03. Mr Santas Boogie - The Marshall Brothers
04. Sleigh Ride - Lloyd Glenn
05. Christmas Morning - Titus Turner
06. I Want A Present For Christmas - J B Summers
07. How I Hate To See Christmas Come Around - Jimmy Witherspoon
08. White Christmas - The Ravens
09. Christmas Blues - Larry Darnell
10. I Want A Man - Thelma Cooper
11. Bring That Cadillac Back - Harry Grafton
12. Happy New Year - Lightnin' Hopkins
13. Love For Christmas - Felix Gross
14. Cool Yule - Louis Armstrong
15. Empty Stocking Blues - Floyd Dixon
16. Boogie Woogie Santa Claus - Mabel Scott
17. Christmas In Heaven - Billy Ward And His Dominoes
18. Christmas Boogie - Sugar Chile Robinson
19. Sonny Boy's Christmas Blues - Sonny Boy Williamson
20. Merry Christmas Baby - Lionel Hampton
21. It's Christmas Time - The Five Keys
22. Far Away Christmas Blues - Little Esther
23. Lonely Christmas - The Moonglows
24. Christmas Blues - Gatemouth Moore
25. What Are You Doing New Years Eve - The Orioles

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders