


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 26 - Demons Are Real and Alien Abductions





POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh. I am told that there are 11 different dimensions needed for The Creator to do his thing. Passing from one Dimension to the other is a mere thought for the Holy Ones. What that means is, they can move around the Universe as fast as they can think about it. This is what Faith is about. Believing something with all your Heart and Soul without having a shred of Four Dimensional evidence. (Evidence as we know of within this reality) There is another form of Evidence out there that secular man cannot understand or measure. It comes from outside this cursed dimension that us Pilgrims are stranded on or in. The real world, the eternal HOLY Spirit World, the world along side the Father, Son and Holy Spirit is The Real Reality that I seek. THERE IS NO WAY FOR ME TO ATTAIN THAT!!! I am a Journeyman Sinner and my salvation is only possible through My Repentance of Sin AND the Grace, the Mercy and The Spilled Blood of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. PEACE TO ALL. Time is Short brethren, save as many as you can. The time of "NO SECOND CHANCE" draws near for ALL EARTH DWELLERS.  

Description:This is a megapack dealing with Demons, UFO's, Alien Abductions & Mutilations, and Secret Government Alien Technologies which includes the following documentaries...

Demons Are Real:
In this documentary Michael Hur, Chirstian theologian & ghost hunter will discuss how to avoid being hunted from an evil spirit.  He exposes some major dont's to avoid when others experience such demonic activity.  Included is actual shocking footage of Sirens, Fairies, Darkshadow Demons, and truelife Nephilim birthing pods under major U.S. cities happening today, right now!!



Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
