Native Instruments Reflektor v1.2.0








REFLEKTOR represents the pinnacle of digital signal processing - a definitive convolution reverb based on the groundbreaking Zero Latency Convolution technology developed by Native Instruments. This high-performance effect provides reverb ranging from super-realistic physical rooms to fully virtual acoustics, offering in-depth modeling parameters for creating unique spaces. It can perfectly emulate the sound of high-end, expensive digital reverb units and includes specially designed content for creative sound design. Combined with some highly usable and musical innovations such as the Sync and Reverse feature, this is the ultimate reverb for every production need, from classic to creative.


MUSICAL REFLEKTION

A highly flexible musical tool, REFLEKTOR adds a twist for producers with a sense for advanced techniques, producing anything from aspirated reverbs to far-out effects. The reverse mode offers an adjustable position for leaving early reflections in place. Combined with the dead-easy sync feature, which allows for syncing the pre-delay and decay both of original and reversed IRs. This unique feature is great for creating superb pumping beats or rhythmic effects. In addition, REFLEKTOR gives you full control over depth and pan, as well as stereo width, making this reverb a cut above the competition.


FOLLOW YOUR IMPULSE

Shape your custom reverb sound with REFLEKTOR's effective musical parameters, starting from a wide spectrum of sources: REFLEKTOR contains over 300 Impulse Response samples. From high-end digital reverb units, to real IRs recorded from actual physical spaces, synthesized IRs calculated from virtual rooms, and special processed IRs, everything is included to give your productions outstanding space and depth.

Of course, all of REFLEKTOR's features can be used with your own Impulse Response samples as well, opening the door for even more creative use of the effect!



POWERED BY GUITAR RIG

REFLEKTOR runs in the freeGUITAR RIG 5 PLAYER including the GUITAR RIG FACTORY SELECTION which sports 22 additional modules. Thanks to the flexible rack concept and the integrated modulation possibilities, REFLEKTOR’s power is multiplied with every single one of them! For instant usability, REFLEKTOR boasts 60 rack presets ranging from standard applications to complex multi-effects.


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Windows 7 (latest Service Pack, 32/64 Bit), Intel Core Duo or AMD Athlon 64 X2, 2 GB RAM (4 GB recommended)

runs in the free GUITAR RIG 5 PLAYER and GUITAR RIG 5 PRO.





INSTALLATION

• Uninstall previous versions.

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Install


         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!