THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Test Drive Ferrari Racing Legends XBOX360-COMPLEX

Race some of the sexiest cars ever made in this Ferrari-licensed entry in the famed 
Test Drive racing franchise. Test Drive: Ferrari Racing Legends brings over 70 years 
of the world’s most recognizable performance cars to gamers. Developed by world-class 
developer Slightly Mad Studios, Ferrari Racing Legends explores the legacy of Ferrari 
Racing. It recreates Ferrari’s most beloved and coveted performance racers, from 
today’s latest models to the legendary vehicles that have dominated racing history.

Features:

Multiple Race Types: A variety of race types challenges including rally, GT, and Formula 1.

Extensive Online Competition: Single and Multiplayer integration with a selection of 
racing styles. Up to 8 players can join a single race.

36 circuits, including variations: GP circuits, test circuits, and bonus circuits; a 
wide variety of driving environments to reflect the best driving the world has to offer. 
Tracks from the past and present.

Over 50 stunningly detailed cars: The greatest modern and classic Ferrari models are 
lovingly rendered inside and out – including working switchgear and visible engines. 
Car dynamics include realistic deflating tires and blow-outs.

Campaign Mode: Players experience the rich history of the Ferrari brand as they unlock 
tracks and cars throughout Ferrari’s history. Circuits unlocked during the campaign can 
be raced subsequently using any available cars.

Detailed Racing Physics: Vehicle handling uses a convincing physics model, tuned for 
exciting pick-up-and-play racing. High speed racing with visual damage effects are 
the major game play keys.

Platform: XBOX360
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD2
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Racing
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-0123_4FEDE71B.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-F850_4FEDE71B.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-D086_4FEDE71B.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-266A_4FEDE71B.jpg