Winning the Battle for Sexual Purity

In his straight talk withmen, Christopher West addresses the struggles in the area of sexual purity and lust that many, if not most, men face on a regular babsis.

West explains how the devil takes what is the most sacred and good and makes it progaine through creating a distorted picture and offering it to the culture. This is why Satan attacks woman in particular-because in bearing of new life she reveals the very mystery of God.

Beginning with a study of the "two Adams", West explains why the first Adam fail to love his bride rightly and turn to God for hope and healing, while the second Adam (Jesus Christ) loved his bride (the Church) rightly by giving up his life for her. West explains how the mission of every man is to lay down his life for a woman, which will bring meaning and purpose to his life and give woman her due glory.

Through the context of his own candid story and struggles in thie area as a young man, West closes by offering a practical battle plan for not only avoiding lust, but actually experincing a victory in viewing others purely. He show how we can transform the view of woman as an object of selfish gratification to a deep and lasting view of woman as a glorious creation of God.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Christopher West is recongnized around the glode for his work promoting an integral, biblical vision of human life, love, and sexuality. He server as a research fellow and faculty member of the Theology of the Body Institute near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He has alo lectured on a number of other prestigious faculties, offering graduate and undergraduate courses at St John Vianney Seminary in Denver, the John Paul II Institute in Melbourne, Australia, and the Institute for Priestly Formation at Creighton University in Omaha.

Christopher is the best-selling author of four books and one of the most sought after speakers in the church today. He and his wife, Wendy, live with their four children near Lancaster, Pennsylvania.		