newuniversal is a comic book series by writer, Warren Ellis, artist Salvador Larroca and colorist Jason Keith, published by Marvel Comics.  The series is a re-imagining of Marvel's New Universe concepts, launched to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the creation of the New Universe in 1986.

As with the original New Universe, newuniversal is set in a world where a number of people suddenly develop superhuman abilities.  However, where the New Universe began with the 'real' world as its starting point, the world of newuniversal is already markedly different.

Warren Ellis describes the setting of newuniversal as, "an alternate world where America is somewhat isolationist, Soviet Russia fell apart early and China took the lead in spaceflight"  (newuniversal #1 mentions Chinese moonbases, as well as hundreds of flights by Chinese spaceplanes.)  There are also other, smaller changes to the history of the world.  eg:  Paul McCartney is dead and John Lennon is alive; Chinese manhua comics have all the market penetration that manga does in the real world; the September 11, 2001 attacks never happened; and Hillary Rodham Clinton is President of the United States; and in Shockfront 2, Charlotte Yolanda Beck shows how history changed after Richard Nixon wins the United States presidential election in 1960.

Aspects of the wider universe also play a direct role in the setting.  The sudden changes to the world are triggered when Earth contacts the newuniversal structure, an artificial web of strange matter.  Each strand of the web is several light years across. The structure, assembled by a long-gone race, is mechanical in nature and deliberately alters several sentient beings on each world entering its strands, modifying them to perform specific roles.

In 2008, the story was continued with a mini-series (written by Ellis) Shockfront, illustrated by Steve Kurth, and inked by Andrew Hennessy.  This series was accompanied by two one-shot stories exploring the past of the newuniversal universe:  Conqueror, and 1959.

ALL issues are included in this torrent for your downloading and perusing pleasures.  

Enjoy, and please seed.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners, please.
