Description

*** PLEASE NOTE*** 
Real Boxing currently does not support 4th Generation iPod Touch (Introduced September 2010). We recommend that anyone with this model of iPod Touch does not download the game. We are working on the solution, relevant update will be released very soon. We apologise for any inconvenience. 

"It’s difficult to argue with a game that looks this good, and plays as well as Real Boxing does. There are so many things to like about this game, beyond how stunning it looks." 5 stars! Apps Magazine

"Real Boxing offers a console quality boxing experience. It plays as great as it looks." 4.5/5 148 Apps

"It’s called Real Boxing for a very good reason, and it lives up to its name impeccably well." 4.5/5 Touch Arcade

"Real Boxing looks amazing...Real Boxing can indeed be crowned the undisputed king of iOS fighters" 4 stars - Touchgen

"This Striking Motion-Controlled iOS Boxing Game is Completely Unreal" Kotaku 

"The details that went into each fighter as well as their movements will cause your jaw to drop in astonishment. This is a champion amongst fighter games!" 9.5/10 Appstore Arcade

"Arguably the best sports game we’ve seen in four years of App Store releases. An absolute must-buy for boxing fans, and gamers looking for some cutting-edge iOS gaming." 5/5 Apptudes 

Real Boxing™ brings you the most exhilarating, no holds barred fighting action ever seen on the App Store, taking you closer to the action than you ever thought possible. Combining eye-popping ultra-realistic graphics with the revolutionary V-Motion Gesture Control System, Real Boxing lets you control your fighter with real punches through your device’s camera.

Featuring ultra-realistic motion capture from real boxers plus amazing graphics from the powerful Unreal Engine 3, you’ll see sweat and blood fill the air and you’ll feel every hook, jab, and uppercut in Real Boxing, the most exciting boxing game yet on the App Store. 

Features 

Amazing 3D Graphics & Sound 
The amazing Unreal-powered graphics and motion capture create astonishing levels of realism. You’ll watch sweat and blood fly with every punch and see your opponent’s face take injuries- then relish to slow-mo action replay of your greatest KO’s. Fight in four atmospheric arenas with authentic commentary. See the flash of the camera bulbs, hear and feel the roar of the crowd like you’re really there. 

Revolutionary V-Motion Control System 
Control your boxer with your actual fists using the revolutionary V-Motion Gesture Control System that tracks your motions using your device’s camera. You can also control your fighter using the traditional tap‘n swipe system to attack and defend like in other combat games. 

Incredibly Deep Gameplay 
Take-on Career Mode with over 30 fights and three belt titles to conquer. Fight over 20 opponents with their own unique and adaptive fighting styles then train your boxer with mini games including skipping rope, heavy bag and mini bag. Also play KO and Clinch minigames during a round for an energy boost.

Take it Online With Multiplayer 
Duke it out with your friends in real-time via Game Center. Also plug into your TV for a truly console-like experience. 

Packed with Extra features & Customisation 
Unlock new equipment, extra opponents and customised clothing. Customise your fighter’s appearance: hairstyle, skin colour, tattoos and clothing

Huge Updates….coming Soon to the App Store
Even more fighters.....more venues....more clothing........more challenges. Keep your eye on the App Store as the next huge update for Real Boxing is coming very soon.

This app is designed for both iPhone and iPad

$4.99
Category: Games
Released: Nov 15, 2012
Version: 1.0
Size: 193 MB
Language: English

Seller: Vivid Games s.c.
© 2012 Vivid Games S.A., all rights reserved. Real Boxing is a trade mark of Vivid Games S.A.
Rated 12+ for the following:
Frequent/Intense Realistic Violence
Frequent/Intense Cartoon or Fantasy Violence
Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPod touch (4th generation), iPod touch (5th generation), iPad 2 Wi-Fi, iPad 2 Wi-Fi + 3G, iPad (3rd generation), iPad Wi-Fi + 4G, iPad (4th generation), iPad Wi-Fi + Cellular (4th generation), iPad mini and iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular. Requires iOS 4.0 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.