Apartment 345: A Feature Presentation of Real life fantasies from your favorite porn stars! | Penny Pax | Matt Williams | PD

November 19, 2012 
 
  
MP4 only.
    
 
Welcome to the first installment of the Sexually Broken feature movie series. These movies are real life fantasies of the girls who appear in the films, played out in a safe and sane environment for your viewing pleasure. This month's installment is "Apartment 345" starring Penny Pax.

Penny is returning home form a nice lunch with her friends. Like most pretty girls in the SF Bay Area, Penny is single and truth to tell, a bit lonely. It seems like all the attractive hot guys have different interests. That leaves a lot of sexy girls struggling to find MR. Right.

After a frustrating lunch of listening to her girlfriends talk about their sex lives, Penny is a bit sexually distressed. As she returns to her Apartment building she sees two men in the elevator, two men she has never seen before. She can feel their eyes on her, and her mind races. Days of sexual frustration finally take over, and she has a waking dream. The men grab her, manhandle her, she tries to scream out, but she is hand gagged. They grab at her clothing, they are stripping her, DING! The elevator doors open and Penny is blasted out of her daydream. She really needs a man.

As Penny heads to her Apartment, the two strangers walk slightly behind her, are they following her? Where are they going? Penny can feel them behind her back. She grabs her key, it slides into the lock. Her mind races once again. She is pushed into her Apartment by rough hands and strong arms. Resistance is futile. She puts up half a struggle, she wants this, she needs this. 

For the next 8 hours she is a sexual play toy for the man in black. He keeps her bound, and near orgasm the entire time. He uses her mouth, at will. He fucks her deep and often, always making her cum. He watches the Giants in the Playoffs, as she sucks his cock. She get him drinks from the refrigerator, she is a good little slut for her new Daddy. He keeps her huge breasts always bound tight, a reminder that she is his. He fucks her deep and hard on the bed. He makes her watch porn as he fucks her from behind, he finger blasts her and makes her squirt all over. She can't understand how this man makes her cum so hard and so often. In the end her fucks her from behind while dunking her head underwater in the bathtub. She cums so hard while underwater. 

"Have a nice weekend" Those simple words blast her back to reality, her key is still in the door, the men walk by. She really needs to find a guy! She enters her Apartment, where did she put her vibrator?  
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_19penny_f1/SexuallyBroken-Penny-Pax-Matt-Williams-PD-Apartment-345-A-Feature-Presentation-of-Real-life-fantasies-from-your-favorite-porn-stars.php

Almost 9000 uploads, and if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)    
Cheers  :-)  

