The Alan Lomax Collection ~ Italian Treasury ~ 11CD (Rounder) [320kb] {MKOP}

From the summer of 1954 to January 1955 Alan Lomax and Diego Carpitella undertook a period of intensive fieldwork in Italy. Their goal was to document the folk music of the different Italian regions to be released on Columbia Records and broadcast on the BBC. The scope of their initial project quickly broadened to become a "voyage of discovery," in a little known musical world of great richness and beauty. From Sicily and Calabria to Liguria, Piemonte, and Friuli, then south again to Campania, in over a hundred localities, Lomax and Carpitella (who accompanied Lomax on half the journey) recorded the music of laborers, peasants, shepherds, fishermen, and artisans of rural Italy.

ABRUZZO - "Love begins with fine singing," says a line from a song from Abruzzo, a mountainous region of independent people in south-central Italy. Choral songs, a shepherd's leave-taking, holiday and alms-seeking rites, songs for work and courtship, lullabies, a nonsense incantation, funeral laments, narrative ballads, and dance music vividly evoke a vanishing rural life when everyday activity was accompanied by song.
CALABRIA - The work chants of tuna fishermen of Vibo Valentia and the cries of the swordfishermen of Scilla; women, men, and children singing songs of work and 
celebration, of love and scorn; tarantellas and lullabies, music for bagpipe, tambourine and drums--this album returns us to a fascinating and fantastical universe of sounds, noises, atmosphere, and feeling, tied to the work, ceremonies, and daily activity of Calabria.
EMILIA-ROMAGNA - Alan Lomax's historic 1954 recordings from the mountains of Emilia-Romagna capture an incredible array of traditional music--songs of farmers and women rice workers, ballads of the World War II partisan struggles, dance tunes, age-old new year's revels, and excerpts from, The Maggi, unique May rituals redolent of the poetry of the Italian Renaissance--recorded just as industrialization was forever changing the fabric of Northern Italian life.
FOLK MUSIC AND SONG OF ITALY - A SAMPLER - This classic anthology samples the many traditional musical cultures of Italy's pre-technological era. Representative in the broadest possible sense, it covers the country from Sicily to the Alps, and restores to us, in all its startling beauty and variety, the music of shepherds, laborers, farmers, fisherfolk, artisans, city folk, and mountaineers.
LIGURIA: BAIARDO AND IMPERIA - Historic recordings featuring the spectacular vocal polyphony of western Liguria, a region of ports and hill towns, rich in folkloric 
traditions. This album includes sung narratives, selections from the remarkable "A barca" ceremonial ballad cycle of Baiardo, and instrumental dances from the port city of 
Imperia.
LIGURIA: POLYPHONY OF CERIANA - Historic 1954 recordings from Alan Lomax's journey to Liguria's western Riviera, featuring performances by the Compagnia Sacco from the village of Ceriana: a unique and splendid vocal polyphony distinct from, and yet as exciting as, the Genoese trallalero.
LOMBARDIA - Alan Lomax and Diego Carpitella's 1954 recordings from Lombardy run the gamut of folk styles and traditions - from jovial wedding and carnival songs to 
characteristic Italian choral renderings of classic Child Ballads, the enchanting calls of songbird hunters, and a panpipe orchestra playing marches, waltzes, and the overture to Verdi's Rigoletto.
PIEMONTE and VALLE D'AOSTA - This CD includes a generous selection of historic and sometimes astonishing original field recordings from Piedmont and Valle D'Aosta in northeastern Italy, made almost 50 years ago. Songs of love and war, marriage and jail, emigration and begging alms; ballads and sung debates, dances performed on accordion, tambourine, and brass instruments.
PUGLIA: THE SALENTO - The Salento, southeasternmost tip of Italy's heel and one of the most beautiful regions in Puglia, was a crossroads between the East and West and home to a unique heritage of traditional music documented on this album--songs of love and disdain, erotic and satiric songs, work songs and funeral laments sung in dialect and Griko, and instrumental and vocal polyphony.
SICILY - This historic album celebrates the colorful and dramatic world of sound of the Sicilian past--the voices and instruments of peasants, fishermen, shepherds, salt and sulfur miners, cart drivers, and storytellers bringing to us murder ballads, dance music, lullabies, and tales of battling knights; songs of love, work, and devotion connected to the yearly round.
THE TRALLALERI OF GENOA - The longshoremen of Genoa perform in the exciting, full-throated style known as trallalero, found only along the coast of Liguria. The trallalero is a five-voiced, improvisatory male polyphony composed of falsetto, tenor, chittara ("guitar"), baritone, and bass. Alan Lomax considered the trallaleri "the most perfect choristers in Western Europe," and their energetic precision remains absolutely riveting to new audiences today.

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders