I am providing important films in ISO for the film buff or novice film historian. It is nearly impossible to find torrent files that include all the extras or even important commentaries.
These files are from my collection of DVDs that I have made from rented movies over the last seven years or so.
Nearly all of them have been put onto a DVD5, so unfortunately I do not have an uncompressed source handy.  That said I can assure you that these look GREAT on larger screens.
I chose to make them this size for economy as DVD9s were $3 each when I started this and DVD5s were .25 cents each.
Now I am working on putting some of the best ones on a hard drive to be played with my HD TV Media Player and am still thinking economy is the best rule as these are half the size of ripping a DVD9.
This is the best quality for the value.

I would love some productive feedback  . . .   :)

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This file includes EVERYTHING the original DVD has:

1963
95 minutes
Black and White
1.33:1 
Spoken Language: Swedish and English (dubbed)
Subtitles: English
Exploring the film: Video discussion with Ingmar Bergman biographer Peter Cowie
Poster gallery for the trilogy films
Original theatrical trailer
Optional English-dubbed soundtrack
New and improved English subtitle translation

SYNOPSIS:  Two sisters—the sickly, intellectual Ester (Ingrid Thulin) and the sensual, pragmatic Anna (Gunnel Lindblom)—travel by train with Annas young son Johan (Jorgen Lindstrom) to a foreign country seemingly on the brink of war. Attempting to cope with their alien surroundings, the sisters resort to their personal vices while vying for Johans affection, and in so doing sabotage any hope for a future together. Regarded as one of the most sexually provocative films of its day, Ingmar Bergmans The Silence offers a brilliant, disturbing vision of emotional isolation in a suffocating spiritual void.
