Follow my uploads here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 1.6+ Rooted
Overview: CoPilot Live Premium is our most advanced voice-guided GPS navigation app yet. Designed for smartphones. Built for drivers.

CoPilot Live is the original high performance GPS for smartphones. And now CoPilot Live Premium brings you navigation that's even further ahead.

★★★★ "CoPilot Live provides the best blend of features, performance and cost" – Engadget

★★★★ "CoPilot Live is a great app for anyone who finds themselves using GPS navigation often" – Android Tapp

★★★★ Phandroid gives CoPilot Live 4 Stars! "CoPilot... HUGE advantage over Google Maps navigation" – Phandroid

★ FASTER, SMARTER, EASIER NAVIGATION
CoPilot Live Premium equips you with a unique range of advanced features to help you enjoy a better journey.
✔ Unique interactive route editing: tap and drag to change your route or destination
✔ Lane indicator arrows, signpost info and realistic ClearTurn™ view make highway exits and interchanges simple
✔ Full turn-by-turn guidance and clear pronunciation with the latest Text-to-Speech voice technology
✔ Powerful pre-trip planning and route calculator gives you a choice of three routes to take

★ PREMIUM OFFLINE MAPS WITH FREE UPDATES
Complete map of USA stored on your phone, so you can navigate without a mobile signal or using up your data plan.
✔ Exclusive ALK MapSure™ service provides free monthly in-app map improvements and full quarterly maps updates
✔ Navigate directly to a house number, address book contact or even a geo-tagged photo

★ THE SAFEST GPS ON THE ROAD
Quite simply, no other app offers this level of safety.
✔ Unique directions-only driver safety mode only displays a map close to turns for minimal distraction
✔ Automatic day-night mode switching reduces screen glare
✔ Speed limit warnings on primary highways

★ AUTOMATICALLY AVOID DELAYS
ActiveTraffic™ scans your route for traffic delays and automatically provides a new route if it saves you time (optional 12 month subscription).
✔ Provides the fastest route based on real-time traffic speeds from INRIX
✔Automatically calculates a quicker route if a significant delay is detected



                                By bobiras2009		