Follow my uploads here:                        
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                         
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.2 and up
Overview: From nothing to running. In nine weeks. With a human voice to guide you.
Want to get fit and feel fantastic? Want to add some fresh air to your exercise? Then Get Running with the best "Couch to 5K" App!

With three enjoyable workouts a week, in nine weeks you will be running continuously for half an hour, even if getting off the couch is a struggle today!
Get Running breaks through the “beginning barrier” with the popular Couch to 5k running plan. With each new week, Get Running’s human voice coach gradually builds up your pace, until you’re running for a whole half-hour!
Get Running:
✔ Coaches like a human – with hundreds of studio-recorded progress and encouragement prompts.
✔ Supports and encourages you – talk with fellow running rookies on the Get Running forum.
✔ Helps you plan – rest days help you recover, and Get Running knows the best day for your next run.
✔ Displays your next move – the unique Run Clock, customised for each workout, gives complete visibility and understanding.
Get Running also:
✔ Publishes your success – send updates to Twitter or Facebook, and have your friends remind you when the next run is due!
✔ Works with or without music provided by your own favourite music app.
✔ Fits your schedule – just three workouts a week of 20 to 30 minutes.
✔ Logs your achievements – with an illuminating visual record of your progress.
Thousands of people have changed their lives with Get Running and you will too! Whether you’re running for your health, training for a 5K, or taking your first step towards a marathon — Get Running!



                                By bobiras2009		