A collection of Windows Phone 7 Games. 


Angry Birds - V 1.0
Bejeweled Live - V 1.0
Burn the Rope - V 1.2
Doodle Jump - V 1.3
Earthworm Jim HD - V 1.0
Fast and Furious Adrenaline - V 1.1 
Gravity Guy - V 1.0
Hydro Thunder Go - V 1.19.4.1026
Kinectimals - V 1.1
Monopoly - V 1.0
Need For Speed Hot Pursuit - V 1.2
Orb - V 2.1
Pac Man - V 1.0
Revoltution - V 1.0
Shuriken Ninja - V 1.13
Sonic the Hedgehog Episode I - V 1.1
Spider Jack - V 1.1
Tetris - V 1.2
Text Twist 2 - V 1.0

FOR PROMOTIONAL USE ONLY!!!

You Like The Games? Then Respect The Developers By Buying Their Games Using The "MARKETPLACE" On Your Windows Phone.

1. To be able to install The Apps you need to Jailbreak your phone. Visit www.xda-developers.com/ to learn how to unlock your Windows Phone.
2. Many of these are tested on my Samsung Omnia 7, however I cannot guarantee compatibility (although there is no reason why) across all models. 
3. I accept no responsibility for anything. Use at your own risk! 
4. All the hard work has been done by other talented coders. I take no credit other than providing their hard work in a simple torrent.
5. I won't have my computer on all the time, so sadly it may take a while to get this torrent seeding quickly! 

Installation:
Unpack the 'Tom XAP Installer v1.1.zip', from XDA Developers and run the 'Tom XAP Installer.exe'
Check the Enable Tom XAP installer checkbox, and you're done!  It was quite easy, isn't it? 
You can uninstall it, by simply un-checking the checkbox.
Before you do anything:
Please make sure your device is Jailbroken
Make sure your device is connected with PC and Zune lauched 
Make sure your device not in sleep mode

How to deploy XAPs with it:
Ok, now you've got your XAP, and want to deploy it to your Device/Emulator.

Providing you've done the steps described in the Installation part, when you double click the XAP file

Choose the location you want to install it to, and press 'Install' to deploy it to the Device/Emu.

Method #2 (NEW)
Download  WP7-DEPLOY and unpack somewhere (original item and thread is somewhere on XDA-DEVELOPERS)

Run WP7-DEPLOY (just tick the top two boxes - see picture) and close, then create a shortcut to wp7-deploy on your desktop and drag the xap onto the wp7-deploy shortcut. Make sure Zune is running and hey presto.

That's it, you've done it 
Note: If it's a free item then clear the check boxes before deploying.
