No Holes Barred - Beretta James

Apr 12, 2012 - Performers: Beretta James

      
In this amazing and explosive update, Matt completely Dominates Beretta and makes her his bitch. No pretenses, the camera opens with Beretta's mouth wrapped around Matt's dick, balls deep with her sitting there not moving a muscle. Impressive enough on its own, Matt takes it one step further. He starts skull fucking her in a hot aggressive owning of her face type way. The saliva runs down her face, all over her body. She takes it willingly. He pushes her further.

"Push yourself. Impress me. Hold it. Keep it down there. Do you want to cum? Impress me. Hold it until you think you are going to pass out." Her hands are splayed open. He slaps her face telling her to go faster and take him all the way down. She does. He then clocks her on the back of the head forcing her down into an unbelievable depth on his cock.

Matt binds her ankles to her neck rope and rests her against the wall on her elbows. He flogs her pussy and she whines and whimpers from the pain. He gives no signs of stopping and demands she count them out loud. She squeaks out numbers while trying to catch her breath from the pain administered to her cunt.

Matt wastes no time in getting a squirting orgasm from her. Slipping most of his hand in her pussy, she squirts everywhere. He takes the squirt and flicks it onto her face. Sliding a large cock into her cunt affixed with a vibrator he barely moves it. She wants it bad and slides her body along as much as possible to take it into her cunt. She cums and rocks her body into the vibrator.

Matt wants to see her squirt from banging her ass. He barely starts and she is in a paradise of pleasure. He adds his fingers into her cunt and finger bangs both of her holes. He doesn't give up the asshole. He continues to finger her and adds a vibrator. She cums, writhing in pleasure. Enjoying himself, he wants more. Matt picks Beretta up by her neck and ankles and drags her to his desk to get his dick sucked for another hour off camera. This is an incredibly hot update NOT to be missed!


WMV + Pics.
 
http://www.hogtied.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=19252

Merzedes is still away, so you're stuck with me :) Enjoy!

