How does this wonderful book help you build great fluency?
  	

If you’re trying to achieve a good command of fluency-relevant vocabulary, a conventional thesaurus won’t be of much help — no matter how helpful it may be for other purposes. This is so whether it’s a Roget-style thesaurus or a dictionary-style thesaurus.

To achieve a good command of fluency-relevant vocabulary, you need dedicated fluency-oriented vocabulary building books — books that focus on fluency-building vocabulary.

And the Core Fluency Thesaurus is a dedicated fluency-oriented vocabulary building book — and the first thesaurus of its kind. From none other than Prof. Kev Nair, the world’s foremost authority on fluency building. And it groups together, under headwords, word groups that express meanings similar to, or somewhat similar to, its important meanings. These are groups of words that individual words tend to form with other words, with a more-than-chance frequency: Phrases, collocations, phrasal verbs, idioms and other multi-word items that have the property of adding to your fluency. The author has marked how relatively frequent/important (for fluency training) a headword is with the indicators ‘AAA’, ‘AA’ and ‘A’. Headwords marked ‘AAA’ are more frequent/important than those marked ‘AA’ and ‘A’. And headwords marked ‘AA’ are more frequent/important than those marked ‘A’.

If you’re an advanced user of English – someone who has to make heavy use of fluent English in his/her everyday life – you need this book.

uploader's note:

I would have said "buy it if you like the book" in any of my other uploads but Iam not going to say that to this book.

Because of their stupid DRM protection in all of their ebooks. You can't use DRM encrypted books to personalize or you know add comments for our own use. 

Just look at these stupid restrictions they impose on the buyer:
File format 	PDF
Printing 	Not Allowed
Copying text 	Not Allowed
Modifying text 	Not Allowed
Delivery mode 	Online (over the Internet)
Buyer information 	Embedded in each file
Watermarking 	Watermarked with copyright information and buyer identification information 

So I can't take physical printouts of my purchase or copy text for my own legal personal use? You expect me to buy your books by you treating your potential customers like criminals? How will you know what buyer pirated your books if they scanned the books of the physical version and upload them? 

Screw you Adult Faculties Council.  