Scanitto Pro - scanner software with OCR


Scanitto Pro is a simple, yet very powerful scanning software suite loaded with market-leading features.

If you are looking for a fast-loading and simple to operate scanning software tool for creating digital copies of your documents in a wide variety of formats, then Scanitto Pro is your one-stop scanning software choice.

Scanitto Pro Key Features:
Multiple file formats 
– save your scanned documents as PDF, BMP, JPG, TIFF, JP2 and PNG files.
Optical character recognition (OCR) 
– provides for editing and textual search of scanned digital documents.
Multiple language support 
– all major European languages supported, including English, French, German, Italian, Spanish & Russian.
Multiple page document creation 
– create multiple page PDFs securely and simply.
Compatible with Windows 7 
– up to date software for the way you and your PC work today.
One-click copy & print 
– easily manage scanning, copying and document printing without the fuss.
Universal compatibility; 
– broad spectrum compatibility with a wide range of operating systems using TWAIN drivers – scans anything, anytime.

Scanitto Pro is easily installed and creates a powerful document management solution which you will quickly find indispensable. Scanitto Pro is exceptionally easy-to-use and provides an organized and powerful environment to perform all major document management and manipulation tasks, including scanning (with OCR), copying and digital archive creation with search capacity.

Scanitto Pro provides one-click scanning and copying utilizing TWAIN drivers which provide exceptional scan and copy quality. In addition, Scanitto Pro integrates with all major operating systems to provide a seamless document management environment which is intuitive and very simple to use.

Scanitto Pro is extremely stable and has passed all the major security and operational tests, including winning Microsoft’s are coveted, Compatible with Windows 7 certification. When you are looking to maximize your workflow and productivity, Scanitto Pro is an indispensable tool for efficient document scanning and management.

When you need a scanning and copying solution which increases your productivity and unleashes the power of your document archive, look no further than Scanitto Pro!

Supported OS:	Windows XP, Windows Vista®, Windows 7, Windows® Server 2003, Windows® Server 2008
Languages:	English, Italian, Spanish, Russian, German, French, Portuguese, Hungarian, Armenian, Latvian