
                                      nERv


             Iron Sky: Invasion Update v1.2.0.0 (c) Reality Pump

         12/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Serial+Activation
               - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action/RTS/Sim


Note: check the included text file for a list of changes.

--

In 1945 a small band of Nazis escaped the Earth to settle on the dark side
of the moon, where they lay in wait for the next 70 years planning their
revenge...
...Now it is 2018, and for more than half a century the Nazis have watched
us, waiting for any sign of weakness. Their invasion has begun. Mankind
faces the most radical enemy it has ever known: the Fourth Reich.
The end is coming. Do you have what it takes to become a legend? Because
anything less, and you will fail. In war, a force multiplier is a soldier
or weapon that causes so much damage the enemy loses its will to fight. On
the ground, this means a snipe... but in the sky it means a pilot, a
dogfighting, showboating champion. Do you have what it takes to be the next
legend of the skies?

ABOUT IRON SKY INVASION
Blind Spot Pictures, the film making masterminds behind the hit movie
"Iron Sky", have teamed up with Reality Pump, the game development studio
responsible for multiple blockbuster game franchises (such as the "Earth"
series and the "Two Worlds" games) to deliver the next big thing in space
combat simulation -"Iron Sky: Invasion".

The game puts the players in direct control of an advanced space fighter
pilot hell-bent on protecting Earth from an invading Nazi fleet from outer space.

FEATURES
+ Unique, genre-busting gameplay - space flight and combat simulation, with
  elements of RTS
+ Breathtaking 3-D universe filled with awe-inspiring effects, courtesy of
  the powerful GRACE 2 engine
+ Multiple weapons: lasers, homing missiles, and even tactical nukes
+ Multiple classes of ships: Fighter, Heavy Bomber, and Gunboat
+ Massive upgrades: home station docking opens a user-friendly game economy
  allowing players to access hundreds of ship upgrades
+ Advanced Artificial Intelligence to challenge even the most crackshot
  pilot


 1. Unrar.
 2. Install the update in the /Crack directory on the DVD.
 3. Copy the content from /Crack directory on the DVD to the 
    directory of the game, overwriting existing files.
 4. Play the game.
 5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
[/pre]