THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Game of Thrones PAL XBOX360-COMPLEX

Created in partnership with author George R. R. Martin, this role playing 
adventure is inspired by the author’s award-winning, international best 
selling A Song of Ice and Fire fantasy series (better known under its first 
book’s title, A Game of Thrones.) experience an amazing adventure in one of 
the most complete and fascinating universes in medieval-fantasy literature. 
Game of Thrones is a Role Playing Game that puts you at the core of a 
thrilling plot. Your fate will be guided by vengeance, allegiance and honour. 
Play as two very different heroes as you venture into the heart of mythical 
locations. Amidst a background of conspiracy and betrayal, try to survive the 
orchestrated machinations around the Iron Throne. Develop your characters, 
learn powerful skills, and participate in tactical and spectacular battles; 
sharpen your diplomacy skills to sometimes favour speech over violence. But 
more than anything, beware... all your actions may have heavy consequences on 
your adventure!

Features:

Become a part of the Game of Thrones saga: Play as multiple characters, embark 
on numerous quests, and make key decisions that have meaningful impact on 
Westeros in this 30?plus hour action RPG epic!

An exclusive new adventure dripping with authenticity: The game’s story opens 
up another part of George R. R. Martin’s enthralling world, putting players in 
the shoes of two former soldiers who have made choices that led them in different 
directions.

Feel time slow in the heat of battle: Combat mirrors the series’ thoughtful 
approach to war and politics: fighting slows but never stops entirely, forcing 
the player to make quick, pressured choices before their enemy strikes again.

Platform: XBOX360
Format XGD2
Region: PAL
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: RPG

Trailer:
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-F1EF_4FB1ED1B.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-0F0C_4FB1ED1B.jpg