Release Info

Release Title: Bol Bachan 2012
Encode date:

IMDB and TMDB Info

TMDB Link:http://www.themoviedb.org/movie/112936
IMDB Link:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1728986
Storyline:Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal).
They are legally fighting for an ancestral propertyΓÇö land case.
But the odds turn against them and they lose.
Their well wisher, Shastri Chacha, advises and convinces them to migrate to his village Ranakpur where
he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his owner's place.
The owner being none other than the powerful Prithviraj Raghuvanshi (Ajay Devgn).
Abbas enters Ranakpur village and while saving a child trapped inside a temple, he breaks open the lock of an ancestral
temple but fate plays an important twist in Abbas' life as the whole village including Prithviraj's step-brother Vikrant opposes Abbas'
actions but Prithviraj arrives and handles the situation. On being asked his name, Abbas's friend comes out with a fake name 'Abhishek Bachchan',
as it would create a rage if villagers came to know that the lock of a temple had been
broken by a Muslim. From here starts a series of cover-ups, goof-ups and comic situations where to cover one
lie, Abbas starts padding up with a bigger lie telling people that he also has a twin brother with
no moustache. From here on starts the topsy-turvy journey of a single person acting as two different entities.
Prithviraj is made to believe that Abbas is a gay. So he appoints Abbas as a kathak dance teacher
to his sister Radhika (Prachi Desai). This makes Abbas to work as supervisor as Abishek Bachchan at morning and kathak
teacher to Radhika at night as Abbas. Soon, Radhika and Abbas fall in love. In the climax, Prithviraj
comes to know the truth, but he likes Abbas's character and spares them.
Genre:Foreign | Comedy
Release date:06-07-2012

Actors

Ajay Devgn ... Prithviraj Raghuvanshi
Asin Thottumkal ... Sania Bachchan
Abhishek Bachchan ... Abhishek Bachchan / Abbas Ali
Prachi Desai
Amitabh Bachchan ... Item (song)
Archana Puran Singh
Asrani
Krishna Abhishek
Neeraj Vora

General

Format: Matroska
File Size: 1.33 GiB
Overall Bit Rate: 1 382 Kbps
Duration: 2h 17mn
Sample: Included
Subtitles: NO

Video Info

Container: V_MPEG4/ISO/ASP
Video Codec Type:
Video bitrate: 1 227 Kbps
Encoding type: 2 Pass TURBO 1ST PASS
Resolution: 1920 X 1 080 pixels
Aspect ratio(AR): 4:3
Quality Factor(QF): 0.024
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps
Source: DVD.Thanks!!

Audio Info

Audio Language: English
Audio Codec: MPEG Audio (MP2)
Bitrate Mode: Constant
Bitrate: 128 Kbps
Sample Rate: 44.1 KHz
Channel Count: 2 channels ()