Rookie Blue is a new generation’s cop show, served straight up with a twist of danger, sex and high-stakes drama. It's a series that candidly reveals the world of those who walk the thin blue line. 

We follow five officers from their first day on the streets—as they're plunged into the world of big-city policing, where even the smallest mistake can have life-or-death consequences.

The heart of this close-knit group is 26-year-old Andy McNally. Andy's dad was a cop. Not the best cop maybe—he retired under a cloud, though Andy has yet to find out why. And not the best dad—lately she's been spending a lot of time picking him up off the floor, and taking the Scotch bottle out of his hands. Still, all she ever wanted to be is a cop. 

Andy's a born rescuer, but she joined the force not just to help people but to discover a sense of family she's never had. And she’s definitely found it among her fellow trainees—a group of young, ambitious twenty-somethings, carrying big guns and even bigger emotional baggage.

These five rookies trained at the Academy together—they learned the rules together—they fought, drank and slept together. Now they’re walking the beat together, learning the toughest kind of policing there is. They're the first responders. First on the scene, never knowing what dangers they're about to face. They're the officers walking into dark doorways without knowing what’s behind them. The police who get shot during routine traffic stops. The cops who never know whether their shift’s going to bring them a dead body, a violent home invasion, a john sweep, or a drug raid.

They’re making mistakes, they’re trying to get ahead, they’re trying to watch each other’s backs while proving they can do this on their own. They’re falling in love. Dealing with messy stuff at home. Learning to trust their instincts—since they don't have experience to fall back on.

And they’re doing all this as they learn first-hand the hardest kind of policing there is.

Rookie Blue is a drama about the trials and triumphs, competition and camaraderie of this rookie family, who are about to learn the hard way that no amount of training can prepare them for the job…or for life.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


All files are MP4's previously uploaded by other individuals, I just grouped them together to make it easy.