Follow my uploads here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Fully featured version of the popular AudioManager Widget and Volume manager.
Featured in "Best Android Apps" Book by O'Reilly as Best Audio Management App in Android.

AudioManager is an application/widget that allows you to get all of your current volume levels straight from your home-screen. Tap on the widget to adjust volume levels independently. Save your audio settings as presets and use the built-in scheduler to automatically apply them for you.

Features:

    Over 100 widget skins available through the Android Market
    Two widget sizes available (large 4x1 and small 2x1)
    Save Audio Profiles (presets)
    Rename, Edit or Delete Profiles (presets)
    Create profile shortcuts
    Built-in Scheduler to automatically apply yourQpresets  whenever you want.
    Restore ringer mode feature.
    Fully optimized for Android tablets.
    Available in over 10 different languages.
    Create and publish your own skins with the Skin Development Kit.
    AudioManager Plug-in available for Locale and Tasker users.
    Auto Backup and Restore so you do not lose your settings and profiles (this is not supported on all devices)
    Manual Backup and Restore of your profiles also available

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 10, 2012)

    BIGGER, BETTER, FASTER, SMOOTHER! Tons of new features and improvements added!
    New sleeker, minimalistic UI with more intuitive volume controls
    Re-arrangeable Profiles (tap on the left handle and drag to position)
    Profiles now support setting your Ringtones!
    New Volume Lock feature that stops you or other apps from changing the volume accidentally!
    New 1x1 Volume Lock widget (AudioManager Pro users only)
    New 1x1 Current Profile widget (AudioManager Pro users only)
    Bug fixes!

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		