Anomaly Warzone Earth 1.2 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$4.99
Category: Games
Updated: Jul 25, 2012
Version: 1.2
Size: 425 MB
Language: English
Seller: 11 bit studios s.a.
© 2011 11 bit studios S.A. Anomaly Warzone Earth™, 11 bit studios™ and respective logos are trademarks of 11 bit studios S.A. All rights reserved.
Rated 12+ for the following:
Frequent/Intense Cartoon or Fantasy Violence
Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes
Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References
Requirements: OS X 10.6 or later

Description

★★★ APPLE DESIGN AWARD 2011 WINNER ★★★

Destructoid 9/10
Strategy Informer 8.5/10
GameShark 8.3/10
IGN 8/10
GameZone 8/10
GamePro 8/10

ANOMALY WARZONE EARTH is an extraordinary mixture of action and strategy in a tower offense formula. The game tasks you with saving a near-future Earth from an alien onslaught. The invaders have captured world’s major cities, building huge turrets that destroy everything in their path. It’s up to you to lead an armor squad through the streets of cities like Baghdad and Tokyo, planning the route and strategically choosing which units to deploy in order to crush the opposition. Take control of the Commander, whose special abilities and quick thinking will be vital in supporting the squad in its mission, as you engage in fast-paced, tactical battle across story campaign and two heart-pounding Squad Assault Modes.

KEY FEATURES:

Enjoy innovative game play – mixing action and strategy in a tower offense formula – you’re the attacking side!

Play the commander whose special abilities and quick thinking are crucial to support the squad in its quest for victory.

Think tactically and strategically, choosing the right squad and the best route for the mission.

Extend tactical possibilities by gathering resources to buy new units and upgrade your squad during a battle.

Play for hours on end in the engaging story campaign, as well as the two exciting Squad Assault Modes. 

Immerse yourself in the game with great visuals and atmospheric audio.


REQUIREMENTS:

OS: OS X Snow Leopard 10.6.3, or later.
Processor: Any Intel CPU
Memory: 2 GB
Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce 7600 / Radeon HD 2400 or equivalent
Hard Drive: 1 GB

What's New in Version 1.2

GAME CENTER SUPPORT! 

NEW EXTRA LEVEL! Improve your tactical skills in the new variation of Tower Offense gameplay. This time you cannot rely on commander's abilities. Your squad's formation and its power is crucial to complete this mission. 