HYPERCENTER DISCOGRAPHY:


SPLIT LIP SHIT 

1. Intro
2. Drenched in Blood
3. Now You're Here
4. Payback
5. Cover it up
6. Hypercenter
7. Getting Off
8. Split Lip Shit
9. No-one's son
10. Show us Your Fist
11. Your Place in Hell


NAPALM E.P

1. Robot Intro
3. Bigfoot
4. We're Gonna Fuck You Like Dogs
5. Let It Go
6. Sacrificed
7. I'm Too Cool

HYPER STILLS:
LIve & Studio Shots

LIVE DVD/ VIDEOS:

1)  HYPERCENTER LIVE @ WHISKY A GO GO HOLLYWOOD 2003

LINEUP:

Adam Keane - Guitars
Nicole Rebello - Vocals
Brad Brazier - Bass
Slade Norris - Vocals 
Matt Giovinazzo - Drums
C. Sean McGee - Vocals	

2)  HYPERCENTER LIVE at Club Capitol 2001 (first ever live show)

LINEUP:

Adam Keane - guitars
C. Sean McGee - Vocals
Dave Lance - Bass
Matt Giovinazzo - Drums
Cut Snake - Live Antics

EXTRA TRACKS:
1) My Name is Blahh (electro grind pop)
2) Choice (Pop)
3) the Family (strange rock)

DeDMeN Trilogy  by Adam Keane  (soundtrack to dystopian trlpogy of novels by      C. Sean mcGee)

THE DeDMeN TRILOGY

An Industrial Progressive Rock Metal Classical Extravaganza

The Music that inspired the trilogy of novels:

CITY:aliterary concerto by C. Sean McGee


A RISING FALL: (progressive/industrial/rock/metal)

1 - DeDMeN Anthem, Our Broken Spirit,DeDMeN will Target You, Class of 2025, Dead    Memories, New Utopia
2 - Ring Tone Society, Rock Dreams, 21st Century Symphony
3 - The Advertisment, My Broken Spirit
4 - The Uprising
5 - At The End of the Day,DeDMeN Anthem
6 - A Rising Fall, The End of the Age of Oil Symphony Orchestra



UTOPIAN CIRCUS: Classical Opus

1. Utopian Circus (22 mins)



I, CANNIBAL:

1 - I, Cannibal
2 - Devil's Blood
3 - Devil's Hand


BOOK 1 from the CITY trilogy will be released on e formtat soon. Just awaiting cover work to be completed. 


                         CITY: aliteraryconcerto

                      Book 1: A Rising Fall Synopsis

It is three days before The Collective mark ten years of existence, struggling to survive and maintain humanity at the end of the age of information. In three days, an epic journey will unfold through a web of suspicion, treason, song and dance, cruel scientific experiments, storytelling, sadistic scientists, petulant generals, cold and distant lovers and of course the odd glass of Poitin.
 
Marcos is the philosophical leader of a community trying to re-establish humanity. Since the blackout, the human population has dwindled and a famine plagues the conscious minds of those left behind by a failed industry. The Nest (the remnants of an old Ford assembly plant) is home to The Collective; whose sole focus is to re-learn love to save mankind.

After a century of dehumanisation, technological dependence and mal-communication, humanity lost its empathy. At the end of the age of oil, the engines stopped. At the end of the age of information, identity stopped and in the age of famine, mankind stopped. Nature had removed the empathy gene from man, the gene that preserves existence linking man to man, man to nature and man to god. Without the gene, women could no longer bond with their new born children. Unable to lactate, unwilling to care, the mothers left their infants to starve to death and the depletion of human production began.

The Collective, led by Marcos, occupy downtown and pacify the potentially violent and unpredictable famined by feeding them information to quiet the hunger in their minds much like an apocalyptic methadone clinic. Inside the Nest they work to re-learn the empathy gene with the children they collect from the streets and the Child Markets; run by a drunken old Irishman and his ancient story telling mother.

In the days leading to the fall of the Nest, Marcos and his lover; The Woman, start to delve into delusion and dream, thinking they are falling into famine. His suspicion will unravel a treason that will set in motion, the fall of one idea for the betterment of another, as begins the march towards a new frontier, towards the city of light and sound, towards New Utopia.

                 -Love as one; Live as you love-

DeDMeN music by Adam Keane
CITY Novella by C. Sean McGee		

