
Remain in Light is perhaps the Talking Heads' best album. Technically it is flawless, and as far as music goes, Remain in Light unifies electronica, African rhythms, guitar riffs and Bryan Eno's signature minimalism to hypnotic effect. The music is captivating and melodic - great dance music, but also great careful-listening music - and David Byrne's halting, discordant voice and thoughtful lyrics transcend each song to a more intellectual and compelling level. 
Ultimately, Remain in Light is a piece of art as well as a piece of music - Byrne and Eno have carefully layered music, vocals and thoughtful lyrics to create perhaps one of the best albums of the eighties.

The first three tracks are primarily dance tracks, but each one is subtly constructed and multi-layered. `Born Under Punches' combines repetition, African rhythm and a variety of eclectic instruments Tom Waits would be proud of. The end result is a dance track with a political slant: "Take a look at these hands... I'm a tumbler/ I'm a government man... I'm so thin... all I want is to breathe." `Crosseyed and Painless' is another dance track, however the weakest of the three. `The Great Curve' is perhaps one of the Heads' best work - it is an exemplary piece of music that showcases the great song-writing and compositional aptitude of the band's frontman, David Byrne. The Great Curve is a haunting, melodic and multi-layered work that stays with the listener for a long time - but, if you like, you can get up and dance to it because it's got one hell of a rhythm pounding through it.

The next five songs are exceptional, however the focus shifts from dance to more of an art-rock. `Houses in Motion' is brilliant, `Seen and Not Seen' is a spoken conversation piece and `Once in a Lifetime' was the big hit from the album, and has a very catchy and musical chorus. `Listening Wind' revisits the African elements of the album and is quite a haunting piece of music, and finally, the album anti-climaxes with the Eno-Byrne collaboration `The Overload', which fails to live up to it's initial horrific promise.

But altogether Remain in Light rivals Speaking in Tongues for the Talking Heads' best album. It exemplifies their artistic and musical ability that started to mature with the advent of the captivating Fear of Music, yet still retains the pulsating rhythm of More Songs About Buildings and Food and Talking Heads '77. 

Remain in Light is a unique listening experience - one that you can dance to and listen to all the same - and is a worthy addition to anyone's music library. 	(Customer from Amazon)

 
http://i.imgur.com/PltWd.jpg


01. Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)    [5:48]
02. Crosseyed And Painless    [4:47]
03. The Great Curve    [6:27]
04. Once In A Lifetime    [4:22]
05. Houses In Motion    [4:33]
06. Seen And Not Seen    [3:24]
07. Listening Wind    [4:43]
08. The Overload    [6:00]





Voice – Brian Eno, David Byrne, Nona Hendryx
Guitar – Adrian Belew, David Byrne, Jerry Harrison
Bass – Brian Eno, David Byrne, Jerry Harrison, Tina Weymouth
Drums – Chris Frantz
Keyboards – Brian Eno, Chris Frantz, David Byrne, Jerry Harrison, Tina Weymouth
Percussion – Brian Eno, Chris Frantz, David Byrne, Jerry Harrison, Jose Rossy, Robert Palmer, Tina Weymouth
    
Producer – Brian Eno


Label: Sire
Released: 1980






Codec: Flac
Compression Level: 6
Quality: High


CD-rip by alekow (EAC and Flac)
Covers Included (400dpi)







Enjoy, Seed and Share
