In a Lonely Place (1950) FULL DVD5 (ISO)

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD. You can even unzip it with WinZip or WinRAR to unpack it to the original VOBs.

This rip is a (DVD-5)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you may need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.


1950
94 minutes
Black & White
1.33:1
Spoken Language: English, French 
Subtitles: English, French, Spanish (Neutral), Portuguese, Korean, Japanese
NTSC

Director: 
Nicholas Ray

Cast: 
Humphrey Bogart, Gloria Grahame, Frank Lovejoy, Carl Benton Reid, Art Smith, Jeff Donnell, Martha Stewart, Robert Warwick, Morris Ankrum, William Ching, Steven Geray

Disc Features:
* Featurette - In a Lonely Place: Revisited
* In a Lonely Place: Restoration Story
* Bogart Collection montage
* Original theatrical trailer
* Trailers for The Lady From Shanghai & The Big Heat

Awards:
TIME Magazine List
All-TIME 100 Movies

SYNOPSIS:  
Just when Hollywood screenwriter Dixon Steele (Humphrey Bogart) sparks up a romance with his neighbor Laurel (Gloria Grahame), the police begin to suspect him of murdering a former lover. Laurel believes Dixon's innocent, but his alibi doesn't wash with the police. As they continue to pressure Dixon, the lovebirds' relationship suffers -- and after witnessing Dixon's increasing hot-tempered behavior, Laurel suspects the police may be right.

Stuff I want as full disc either DVD5 or DVD9:
Do the Right Thing (Disc 1) from Criterion Collection
Straw Dogs (Disc 1) from Criterion Collection
