Issues 1-2 of 'Wandering Star' (plus extras)

Pen and Ink Comics/Sirius, 1993-1997 (also included is the original two-issue ash can run from the late 80s, which has pretty much nothing to do with this series, it's just included for completions sake) 

Written and Illustrated by Terri S. Wood (now Resa Challander)

WANDERING STAR, one of the most highly acclaimed science fiction graphic novels in comics history, is finally collected into three complete volumes (or in this case, the original 21 issues with the TPB extras included separately). 

*SPOILER WARNING*SPOILER WARNING*SPOILER WARNING*SPOILER WARNING*

Do not read any further unless you actually want to know what happens in the books.

The story follows Cassandra, daughter of the President of the United Nations. When she succeeds in becoming the first earthling to attend the Galactic Academy Cassandra realizes that Earth is definitely not the most esteemed planet in the galaxy. Seeking refuge from the constant persecution of her classmates, Cassandra meets the team of outcasts constructing the Wandering Star, a prototypical spaceship built for the Alliance. When the Alliances old enemy, the Bono Kiro, launch their attack on the Galactic Alliance, Cassandra and her new friends barely escape in the Wandering Star. As they regroup and debate how to overcome this devastating threat, Commander Narz and his army continue to destroy one planet after another.

The second volume in the WANDERING STAR saga begins with the Bono Kiran War in full swing, and the Galactic Empire is losing. During their initial battle with the Commander Narz and his fleet, Cassandra and the Wandering Star are captured and brought to Earth, where Cassandra receives the shock of her life: Her father, the President of the United Nations, has betrayed the Alliance and signed a pact with the Bono Kiran Empire. To complicate matters, her former classmate and arch-enemy, Lord Mekon, has been brainwashed by a Tulsar implant and now serves as Casis slave. In a desperate attempt to escape and warn the Alliance of her fathers betrayal, Casi and her friends regain control of the Wandering Star and blast into space, with the Bono Kiran fleet hot on their heels.


In this third and final volume of the WANDERING STAR saga, Commander Narz continues his irrevocable march of terror as dozens of Allied planets are crushed by the Bono Kirans titanic secret weapon, the Kekakopolous. Meanwhile, Earths alliance with the Bono Kiro takes a disastrous turn when Cassandras father learns of the Empires true plans for his people. On the other side of the galaxy, in a last-ditch effort to stop the enemys rampage, Casi and the crew of the Wandering Star journey to the planet Trillia. There, they attempt to persuade the energy beings who inhabit the planet to help them stop Commander Narz and his rampaging hordes - once and for all.
