ArKaos GrandVJ

Eight channels VJ software for real time HD video mixing

GrandVJ is a real-time video mixer software allowing to compose up to 8 layers of Video on the fly. Take any video from your hard drive, add effects to it and start making your own video show. 


Powerful video made easy

Manipulate, trigger and mix video clips with sound, animated text strings or live cameras in much the same way as mixing music to create a spectacular audiovisual show. GrandVJ can mix up to 8 layers with a vast library of video effects, transitions and sound driven visual generators.

The A/B crossfading mode with independent preview makes it incredibly flexible to perform live, and the Browser Preview feature lets you preview visuals, effects, transitions and sources before sending them to the output, just like a DJ previews his next track in his headphones.


Detailed features

    Powerful video-mixing software
    No-limit performance and production
    State of the art multi-threaded hardware accelerated graphical engine
    A unique, easy-to-control, customizable interface
    Dual synth / mixer mode
    Receives sound and MIDI from any audio sequencer compatible with VST plug-ins
    Mixer mode with A/B deck and independent preview
    Browser Preview feature allowing to preview visuals, effects, transitions and sources before displaying them in the output window
    Real-time access to all mixing parameters
    Full MIDI / keyboard mapping of all mixing parameters
    Bidirectional communication with controllers supporting generic MIDI feedback
    Support for ReWire
    Support for Open Sound Control (OSC) protocol mapping
    Support for Quartz Composer .qtz files as Sources and Effects (Mac OS X only)
    Multi-screen support with Soft Edging
    Automated Video Generators
    Alpha Channel support in images and videos
    Upgraded Effects Library, with more than 40 effects
    37 transitions, each featuring 4 parameters plus a fade time
    High-resolution output
    Support of most common media formats including Quicktime, Mpeg 2, Mpeg4, Mkv, Vob, Windows Media, and Flash text & animations with ActionScript3
    Support for movie's audio through FFMpeg (supports most formats)
    Multiple camera support
    Hardware accelerated video engine
    Takes advantage of multi-core CPU
    Compatibility with Mac and PC and all MIDI controllers


New features in version 1.6.5

    Scratch control for DJ-Style MIDI controllers with jog wheels
    Playback position control
    Play Once and Freeze
    New “Mixer Pause mode” preference
    New “Show Tooltips” preference
    Mapping template for Numark NuVJ (with feedback)
    Mapping template for American Audio VMS2 (with feedback)
    Mapping template for American Audio VMS4.1 (with feedback)
    Mapping template for Livid OhmRGB Mapping template (with feedback)
    Updated Mapping templates (added scratch support) for Hercules DJ Control Steel, DJ Control Rmx, DJ Control MP3, DJ Control MK2



Minimum system configuration for smooth performances

    OS: Windows™ XP, Vista or 7.
    Processor: Pentium™ IV 2.66Ghz / Core Duo 1.83Ghz recommended.
    RAM: 1GB, 2GB recommended.
    Media Component: QuickTime™ 7.x (and up), Adobe FlashPlayer™ 9.0 (and up), DirectX™ 9.0c (and up).


Platform independent

    Graphics processor: 3D accelerated graphics card required: nVidia GeForceFX 5200 (and up), Ati Radeaon 9200 (and up), Intel GMA 950 (and up), ...
    Free Space: 80MB - 1.5GB depending on the installer options.




INSTALLATION:

• You need WinRar or other extractor of your choice to extract the rar file

• Install the program in the default directory

• Use the Patch to register*
  *Use also wih admin rights 



        •  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!
