12 LECTURES

01. Introduction to Homeric Epic
02. The Homeric Question
03. Glory, Honor, and the Wrath of Achilles
04. Within the Walls of Troy
05. The Embassy to Achilles
06. The Paradox of Glory
07. The Role of the Gods
08. The Longest Day
09. The Death of Patroklos
10. Achilles Returns to Battle
11. Achilles and Hektor
12. Enemies' TearsΓÇöAchilles and Priam

COURSE DESCRIPTION
When John Keats first read Chapman's translation of the epics of "deep-brow'd Homer," he was so overwhelmed, so overcome with the joy of discovery, that he compared his experience to finding "a new planet." When you join Professor Elizabeth Vandiver for these lectures on the Iliad, you come to understand what enthralled 

Share Homer's Compelling Meditation on the Human Condition
Professor Vandiver makes it vividly clear why, after almost 3,000 years, the Iliad remains not only among the greatest adventure stories ever told, but also one of the most compelling meditations on the human condition ever written.

Indeed, it is probably true to say that only the Bible rivals Homer for sheer depth and scope of cultural and literary influence.

How is this so?

At first glance, the Iliad tells of a long-dead epoch that seems utterly alien to us. Indeed, the Bronze Age Aegean was a distant memory even to the original audience for this great work.

Yet the grandeur and immediacy of the Homeric world seem to defy time and space.

He depicts a legendary era in brilliant, unforgettable hues.
He peoples it with towering heroes who thirst for honor, fight shattering wars, and deal face-to-face with gods.
He acts out, in words memorized and passed on verbally long before they were ever set to paper, mankind's awesome passions for glory, love, and vengeance.
An Inquiry into Timeless Human Issues
Or perhaps age seems only to burnish the luster of the Iliad precisely because of its very strangeness and distance, which throw so sharply into focus the timeless human issues it raises.

These issues are evoked by the power of a single dramatic question: Why does Achilles rage?

Around these questions Homer weaves a narrative that makes us ask many questions:

What are the limits of our freedom?
Who or what shapes our actions and our ends?
Is there a common humanity that we share, or is life only "a constant seeking of power after power"?
What holds people together and keeps them going in extreme situations such as war?
Why do we love our own so strongly?
Where is the line between justice and revenge?
And above all, what does it mean to be alive?