McAfee VirusScan Enterprise - a qualitative impenetrable wall through which will not pass unnoticed, no spyware or trojan.McAfee VirusScan Enterprise provides complete protection for workstations Windows NT/2000/XP and Windows NT/2000/2003 file servers from viruses, including virus detection when working with files, E-mail and groupware, block hostile sites Java / ActiveX and dangerous WEB-resources. Has the ability to automatically update antivirus databases, provides advanced tools to work in a corporate network environment. The product contains a number of new features. 

Anti-virus program scans the network and network equipment on a schedule requested by the user is able to detect and neutralize viruses, trojans and so-called "worms." In addition, system administrators can assign programs and processes some degree of priority, according to which they will be scanned by antivirus software. Thus, it is possible to seriously conserve resources for corporate networks, an efficient distribution of power between the processes of varying degrees of risk. For example, e-mail, web browsers and office applications in need of constant protection, while the backup is not in need of constant care and a close anti-virus. 

VirusScan Enterprise offers intelligent, compact, fast, mobile, and the EXACT software architecture that is ideal for small businesses and large corporations. Supporting all common platforms, VirusScan can be easily integrated into any network environment. 

Maximum protection against malicious programs. 
Protect your system and files from viruses, spyware, worms, Trojan horses and other risks. Detects and removes malware and allows you to easily set policies for the management of objects stored in quarantine. 

Proactive protection from attacks. 
Scanning in real time to protect all of your systems, including remote objects from known and emerging threats. VirusScan Enterprise also provides protection against the use of application vulnerabilities Microsoft, buffer overflow. 

Simple and centralized management. 
Platform ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO) is a centralized management console for policy deployment, management, notification of violations of security policies and to view automated reports. 

Negligible impact on system performance. 
The new version of VirusScan Enterprise 2011 has been redesigned to improve performance, from start to scan on demand and access. Tests performed by independent organizations, have confirmed the industry's best performance, which is 2-4 times higher than the performance of competing products. 

Enhancing security through Global Threat Intelligence.Global Threat Intelligence (GTI) - a comprehensive "cloud" service to collect information on threats. Already integrated into the security products, she works around the clock in real time to protect customers from cyber threats on all fronts, including files, Internet, communications and networking.GTI offers a wide range of data about threats, the most reliable correlation data and the most comprehensive in the industry product integration.Network GTI keeps products to evaluate threats in real time, on several fronts, which speeds up the process to identify threats and improve the interception. VirusScan Enterprise uses the reputation GTI files to detect suspicious files before mandatory reveals that they carry malicious content.