Description
WinToFlash 0.5.0023 beta

What is WinToFlash
WinToFlash is likely to make a big difference to the way you work. It will make life a lot easier for you. Quickly and simply install the program you needs and in no time at all you will find yourself writing essays on Windows and using your USB. The WinToFlash makes the job hassle free for you.

WinToFlash help you pull over the contents of a Windows XP, Windows 2003, Windows Vista, Windows 2008, Windows 7, Windows 8 installation disk and prep the USB drive to become a bootable replacement for the optical drive. This is about you can install your Windows from flash drive or card, HDD, etc. to your computer or netbook.

And this is not all it can do. WinToFlash can transfer your live CD or DVD to USB card, for example, BartPE. After all you can erase your USB media and format it with Windows for everyday use.



Functions list
Pull the contents of a Windows XP/2003/Vista/2008/7/8 install disc and prep the USB drive to become a bootable replacement
Windows 32 bit and 64 bit full support
Support all editions of Windows - Home, Professional, Media Center, Ultimate, etc.
Transfer a Recovery CD or a tiny OS (BartPE based on Windows XP/2003, WinPE based on Windows Vista/2008/7/8) to a USB drive
Wipe a USB media (destroy all data on it)
Create a USB drive with emergency bootloader for Windows 2000/XP/2003
Transfer MS-DOS to a USB drive
Create a USB drive with Windows XP/2003 Recovery Console
Format USB drive to FAT16 or FAT32
Fine tune any option of FAT file system for better compatibility
Fine tune any option of partitions table
Select boot loader for a USB drive, like GRUB or Standard one
Select partition type - CHS or LBA for better compatibility with some motherboards
Create aswers file for Windows Setup. Add serial number, user name, etc.
Windows Setup transfer process fine tune
Check USB drive for file system errors after Windows Setup transfer process
Fix some Windows Setup problems, like 0x6B BSOD
AntiSMS function to fix boot blockers (send SMS to short number/buy something/etc. to unlock your PC problem) or viruses
WinToFlash is portable application, you can carry around with you on a portable device and use on any computer
Tranfer profiles support - save your transfer options and load it at any time
Windows serial number encryption in profile with password
Detailed log file
Updates reminder
Easy to use classic interface, like ntbackup utility
Wizard with only two options for quick Windows Setup transfer
Multilanguage support
Now includes free WinToFlash Suggestor


System requirements
To use Novicorp WinToFlash, your computer has to meet certain hardware requirements. Actual requirements vary, depending on the system configuration and the programs and features that you choose.

Pentium 233-megahertz (MHz) processor or faster
At least 64 megabytes (MB) of RAM
At least 20 megabytes (MB) of available space on the hard disk
Keyboard and a Microsoft Mouse or some other compatible pointing device
Video adapter and monitor with Super VGA (800 x 600) or higher resolution
Windows XP/2003/Vista/2008/7/8
