With the most authoritative and complete overview of anesthesia theory and practice, the latest edition of Basic Anesthesia, edited by noted anesthesiologist Ronald D. Miller, MD and Manuel C. Pardo, Jr., MD, continues to serve as an excellent primer on the scope and practice of anesthesiology. Widely acknowledged as the foremost introductory text, the new edition-now presented in full color throughout-has been thoroughly updated to reflect new and rapidly changing areas in anesthesia practice including new chapters on awareness under anesthesia, quality and patient safety, orthopedics, and expanded coverage of new ultrasound techniques in regional anesthesiology with detailed illustrated guidance. You can access the full text and image library online at www.expertconsult.com.

    Obtain a clear overview of everything you need to know about the fundamentals of anesthesia, including basic science and emerging clinical topics.

    Efficiently retain and synthesize information more easily thanks to a concise, at-a-glance format with numerous illustrations and tables throughout the book that condense complex concepts, and 'Questions of the Day' to assist you in understanding key material presented in each chapter.

    Discover the newest in anesthesiology with rigorously updated chapters and the addition of appropriate new chapters on important emerging topics such as awareness under anesthesia; quality and patient safety; orthopedics; and expanded coverage of new ultrasound techniques in regional anesthesiology.

    Learn from one of the very best. World-renowned anesthesiologist Dr. Ronald D. Miller, along with new co-editor Dr. Manuel Pardo, presents definitive coverage on new and rapidly changing areas in anesthesia practice.

    Grasp vital concepts easily thanks to concise, easy-to-read, masterfully edited chapters and a user-friendly format-now presented in full color throughout.

    Gain a detailed visual understanding on how to perform ultrasound techniques in regional anesthesiology (Peripheral Nerve Blocks) using illustrations and high-quality images.

    Access the full contents anywhere, anytime at www.expertconsult.com.

Clear and concise information written by arguably the best-known anesthesiologist in the world, Dr. Ronald Miller, and a new co-editor Dr. Manuel Pardo, makes difficult concepts easier to understand.



Hardcover: 832 pages
Publisher: Saunders; 6 edition (July 8, 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1437716148
ISBN-13: 978-1437716146