Ice Age 2 The Meltdown(2006)x264 MKV 1080P NL Eng Vl AudioTBS B-Sam

Ice Age: The Meltdown (2006)
Alternatieve titel: Ice Age 2: The Meltdown 


Verenigde Staten
Animatie / Familie
91 minuten

geregisseerd door Carlos Saldanha
met de stemmen van Ray Romano, John Leguizamo en Denis Leary

Het einde van de ijstijd nadert en de dieren vinden hun nieuwe, natte, warme omgeving heerlijk: smeltende waterparadijzen met warme geisers. Manny, Sid en Diego ontdekken echter dat het waterparadijs wel heel nat wordt en komen erachter dat de gigantische dam op instorten staat. Als dit gebeurt, loopt hun hele omgeving gevaar. Er is maar één manier om hun wereld van de ondergang te redden en ze besluiten op een gevaarlijke missie te gaan.

Storyline

Manny the woolly mammoth, Sid the sloth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger, and the hapless prehistoric squirrel/rat known as Scrat are still together and enjoying the perks of their now melting world. Manny may be ready to start a family, but nobody has seen another mammoth for a long time; Manny thinks he may be the last one. That is, until he miraculously finds Ellie, the only female mammoth left in the world. Their only problems: They can't stand each other--and Ellie somehow thinks she's a possum! Ellie comes with some excess baggage in the form of her two possum "brothers"-- Crash and Eddie, a couple of daredevil pranksters and cocky, loud-mouthed troublemakers. Manny, Sid and Diego quickly learn that the warming climate has one major drawback: A huge glacial dam holding off oceans of water is about to break, threatening the entire valley. The only chance of survival lies at the other end of the valley... 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0438097/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/31098

Source: Retail Blu-ray
Format: x264 MKV
Audio: Nederlands, Engels, Vlaams DTS 5.1
Subs Ned
Cover Yes

Enjoy the Movie

Kom ook eens kijken :
 
http://www.black-sam.org



Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.