WinAVI Video Converter

The fastest converter on the earth makes speed even faster, convert a movie only need 15 minutes. Convert DVD ,video , audio,to play on your iPod ,PSP, PS3, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Xbox, Wii , iPad , iPad2 and other multimedia devices.
Convert Video to any format with the fastest conversion speed
Backup DVD to your PC or rip DVD to your devices
High quality video and Dolby AC3 5.1 audio output
Support most Android / iOS Devices Video format output
Reasonable price including DVD/VCD/SVCD/KVCD even HD as output.

WinAVI Video Converter - Fastest Video Converter
Have you ever been limited to the videotape format? 
Especially when you really wanted to share films with your family and friends. 
WinAVI Video Converter can help you solve your problems! 
It is a software program for converting video formats at fast speeds and high quality.
Why choose WinAVI Video Converter ?
High speed
WinAVI Video Converter includes ZJMedia's AV compress engine, which is state of the art technology. The high speed saves a lot of time for you to enjoy your digital life.

High quality video and Dolby AC3 5.1 audio
The state of the art AV compress engine will give you a very fast conversion that gives you both high quality video and Dolby AC3 5.1 audio! With WinAVI Video Converter, you will get a perfectly converted movie that is as good as the original!

Supports almost all popular format conversions
WinAVI Video Converter supports almost all popular formats including AVI/DVD/VCD/SVCD/MPEG1/MPEG2, even WMV/RM/ASF/DivX/Xvid and QuickTime MOV and even the popular Flash SWF on the Internet.

With just one click to convert
The interface of WinAVI Video Converter has been designed to be user-friendly and can be easily operated by anyone. All a user needs to do is click on the menu and all the options of the program are available to you. All conversions can be done easily and smoothly. WinAVI Video Converter is easy to use for the beginner as well as having advanced functions for the professional user. You can start to use it now and receive unlimited enjoyment from your digital life.

Supported OS:

Operating Systems: Window 7/Vista/ 2003/ XP/2000

Homepage: http://www.winavi.com/video-converter/index.htm

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory in "bin" folder.
3. Done, Enjoy. 