Like his previous Virgin Classics release (a program dedicated to Georges Bizet), Paavo Järvi devotes his new CD entirely to music by one French composer: Gabriel Fauré. Fauré’s serene and consoling Requiem is the centerpiece of the album, which also features three further classics, and the world-premiere recording of a neglected rarity, by the same composer.

The Requiem features two vocal soloists, usually a soprano and a baritone. Here, however, a countertenor – exclusive Virgin Classics artist and one of Europe’s best-selling classical artists, Philippe Jaroussky – brings his ethereal timbre and sensitive phrasing to the poised “Pie Jesu.” His baritone colleague is the warm-toned German Matthias Goerne, acknowledged as one of today’s finest vocal recitalists. The Choeur de l’Orchestre de Paris also performs in three other works on the CD, including the exquisite Pavane, with its flowing melody and mock-Rococo verses, and two early settings of religious texts: the touching Cantique de Jean Racine and – in its world-premiere recording – Super Flumina Babylonis (By the Rivers of Babylon). Completing the program is the reflective but impassioned Elégie for cello and orchestra, performed by the Orchestre de Paris’ Principal Cellist, Eric Picard.

London’s Independent recently praised the new album:
“Paavo Järvi’s recent recordings of Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony and Brahms’s Ein deutsches Requiem have demonstrated his ability to marshal grand forces – the latter comparison is most pertinent here, in another beautifully-balanced Requiem of shorter, gentler, Gallic persuasion.
“He’s assisted here by equally sensitive contributions from baritone Matthias Goerne in the ‘Offertorium’ and ‘Libera Me’ sections, and countertenor Philippe Jaroussky, breathtakingly angelic in what Saint-Saëns considered the only ‘Pie Jesu’ worth performing. But it’s Järvi’s uncanny knack to somehow derive spiritual uplift from the gloomiest of subjects that most impresses here, a talent tailored to fit such needs.”

BBC Review
A beautifully warm, full sound which colours both timbre and interpretation.
Charlotte Gardner 2011-10-26

1 Requiem Op. 48: I. Introït et Kyrie
2 Requiem Op. 48: II. Offertoire
3 Requiem Op. 48: III. Sanctus
4 Requiem Op. 48: IV. Pie Jesu
5 Requiem Op. 48: V. Agnus Dei
6 Requiem Op. 48: VI. Libera me
7 Requiem Op. 48: VII. In Paradisum
8 Cantique de Jean Racine Op. 11
9 Elégie for cello and orchestra in C minor Op. 24
10 Pavane for orchestra and mixed choir, Op. 50
11 Super flumina Babylonis, for mixed choir and orchestra