Piracy of Digital Content


by Piotr Stryszowski and Danny Scorpecci


pages 137


PDF  5 MB



This book studies digital piracy - the infringement of copyrighted content - where the end product does not involve the use of hard media, such as CDs and DVDs. This study covers the piracy of content, such as music, films and software that does not involve the use of physical media; in other words it essentially deals with piracy over the Internet. 

What is digital piracy?
While there are definitions of ΓÇ£pirated copyright goodsΓÇ¥, there is currently no specific legal definition of digital piracy, which would be more accurately described as ΓÇ£digital infringement of copyrightΓÇ¥.


Table of Contents
Executive Summary 
Introduction 
Chapter 1. Market Overview 
Key differences between tangible and digital products
Copyrighted digital products 
Markets for pirated digital products
Economic mechanisms that drive markets for pirated digital products 
Notes 
References 
Chapter 2. Drivers of Digital Piracy 
Supply drivers 
Demand drivers 
Notes 
References 
Chapter 3. Industry Initiatives and Institutional Remedies 
Industry initiatives 
Data collection and educational campaigns 
Co-operation between rights holders 
Government co-operation 
Remedies for copyright infringement 
Liability for circumvention of technological protection measures 
Notes 
References
Chapter 4. Case Study: The Sports Rights Owners Sector 
What is the sports rights owners sector? 
What is at stake?
How is intellectual property created in this sector? 
How does piracy take place? 
What are the market characteristics of the sports broadcasting sector? 
Industry responses 
Specific industry examples
Conclusions 
Notes
Annex A. Legal Aspects of Copyrights and Their Infringement 
Annex B. OECD Council Recommendation on Broadband Development 
Annex C. The Seoul Declaration for the Future of the Internet Economy



If you can afford
 
http://www.amazon.com/Piracy-Digital-Content-Piotr-Stryszowski/dp/9264064508
