This is my first torrent! I hope you all enjoy!

The cast members were revealed in April 2011. They are Gary 'Gaz' Beadle, Charlotte-Letitia Crosby, Jay Gardner, Holly Hagan, Greg Lake, Vicky Pattison, Sophie Kasaei and James Tindale. Holly left in episode three, explaining she had felt isolated by the rest of the cast. However, she later returned to the house for Episode Five. She then left again in episode 6, before everyone else, but returned for Series Two.

It was later announced Greg Lake would not return for Series Two of the show, though he does appear in the first episode, explaining that he is looking to mature and look for love and a career. . In his place, Rebecca Walker and Ricci Guarnaccio joined the cast for series two. Charlotte left in the second episode, following another clash with Gary, but would return two episodes later. Gaz and Ricci were sent home for fighting in the sixth episode but would return in the next episode.

In The first episode of series 3, both Charlotte and Rebecca were removed from the house after breaking a house rule, but they later returned in the next episode. James broke his leg in the third episode of season 3. In the fourth episode, Vicki and Holly were sent to collect a parcel and got separated in the process. Holly did not return until the next day at which point Vicki was still absent, causing Ricci to go out to find her. They remained absent for the rest of the episode. Episode 4 saw the departure of Sophie's boyfriend Joel, who stayed for 3 episodes. Sophie sent him back to the UK, but later regrets the decision and in Episode 6 leaves the house to return home to see him. In the same episode, a fight between Ricci and Vicki initially results in both leaving the house voluntarily before being told they will not be allowed to return. They both feature in Episode 7, but remain out of the house and their scenes are separate from the rest of the cast members.

On 23 May 2012 it was announced Geordie Shore would return for a fourth series with new castmates and ahead of the broadcast debut of series 3 on 26 June 2012, producers are holding open auditions for new stars. On 12 and 19 July 2012 it was announced Jay Gardner and Rebecca Walker would exit at the end of series 3.[25][26] Original cast member Sophie Kasaei left the series in episode 6 of series 3. On the same day this episode aired Sophie confirmed on her twitter account that she will return in the fourth series.