“The world has collapsed.
In 2012 modern civilisation is coming to an end. Global economics have been disrupted, money has lost its value. People have risen against the ignorant politicians who were just lining their pockets – and they didn't spare any of them.

However, those who really ruled the world were prepared - and escaped. Suddenly billions of people died from a strange virus, while others turned into butcherly beasts with just one thought:
TO KILL!

Only a few people on the planet have survived, at least until they run out of ammo... or learn how to stop them...”

Smash hordes of bloodthirsty zombies ★ Secure vital supplies ★ Save other survivors ★ Protect the Safe Haven ★ Explore the city ★ and uncover the provoking truth in this intense FPS action game!

☣ Get the best out of your device:

    Stunning graphics with advanced lighting and post-process effects 
    Full 3D characters and environments with an unprecedented level of detail 
    High quality 3D audio and a lively music soundtrack 
    Character animations recorded using high-end motion capture 
    Intuitive controls 
    Spectacular ragdoll effects 
    More then 40 hours of gameplay 
    ☣ Enjoy the zombie slaughter in many different ways: blast 'em out of existence with lethal weapons, blow them up with powerful explosives or chop off their limbs and let them die slowly 
    Shoot away their heads, chop off their limbs... kill them with creativity 
    Evolving zombie AI will keep you entertained 
    Follow the story or enjoy unlimited random missions

☣ Load your gun and save the Earth!

    Equip yourself with splendid high-poly realistic weapons 
    Utilise powerful gadgets including a laser amputator, blade chopper, baits, mines, grenades, radar and more

☣ New online service from MADFINGER Games

    Receive free updates with new missions, weapons, gadgets, characters and more

What's in this version: (Updated on : Jul 20, 2012)

    New weapons: Chain Saw, Lewis Machine Gun, Marine Engine with blades and American West Rifle
    New gadget: Head-Flator X100 to inflate the heads of zombies to XXXL size!
    New zombies: mutated mobsters or armoured SWAT members
    New environments: underground car park or secret research base
    Survival arena, that is tailor-made for massacre of hordes of zombies
    Daily rewards
    Casino: try your luck with a slot machine
    Save game data with cloud backup
    Support Adreno 205, including Sony Xperia Play

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


 Instructions : 

    Remove previous version APK + Obb folder
    Install APK
    Copy 'com.madfingergames.deadtrigger' folder to to /sdcard/Android/Obb'
    Launch the Game
