Follow my uploads here:                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Andy is a voice controlled access to encyclopedic information on a vast array of topics. Ask anything. Andy covers culture and the arts, biographies and persons, geography and places, society and social sciences, history and events, natural and physical sciences, technology and applied science, religion and belief systems, health, mathematics and logic, philosophy and many other topics.

You can also ask about weather and time in any city, get answers to algebra questions, conversions, or simply ask any question just like you would do a search online.
To ask a question, tap the microphone button on the application home screen. Alternatively, you may give your device a little shake (this requires enabling the Shake Recording option) or simply type in your question manually to get the answer.

One of Andy's great features is its design to work with Bluetooth headsets (A2DP only, must pair with at least one device). Andy (using your Android phone or tablet) will recognize your voice and speech, search the Internet for the best answer, and read it back to you in a clear voice. The answer will also be displayed on your device screen.

Additionally, Andy can send text messages, initiate phone calls, give you directions and do distance measurements, time range measurements and a lot more.

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 20, 2012)

    Recent Changes: http://www.andyforandroid.com/manual/release-notes/
    Before leaving you rating, please check Andy's manual at http://www.AndyForAndroid.com and also FAQ pages and Videos on how to use the program. Most common issues are resolved by simply checking user manual... And if you're not sure about something, just email us at AndyForAndroid@gmail.com, we'll do our best to help you.
    New customers: Please download and test the free version of Andy before buying a full version.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


                                By bobiras2009		
