
(I know it's and old one but it's a great game, quite fun with a decent graphics card and a physx one too. just trying to remind everyone that it's not all about the newest game on the market like mass effect 3 and others. these games have they're place but they're made to make you pay and play and pay and play, always striving for that next item or level. so play and enjoy.


Game: Mirror's Edge 1.01
Type: ISO (3.59GB)
Extracted Size: 6.5GB
Ripped: Languages other than english
Re-Encoded - Movies (BIK - 70%)





Mirror's Edge

Mirror's Edge is a single-player first person action-adventure video game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE (DICE) and published by Electronic Arts. The game was announced on July 10, 2007. A Microsoft Windows version was released on January 13, 2009. Mirror's Edge is powered by the Unreal Engine 3 with the addition of a new lighting solution, developed by Illuminate Labs in association with DICE.
The game has a brightly coloured style and differs from most other first-person perspective video games in allowing for a wider range of actions-such as sliding under barriers, tumbling, wall-running, and shimmying across ledges-and greater freedom of movement; in having no heads-up display; and in allowing the legs, arms, and torso of the character to be visible on-screen. Mirror's Edge is set in a futuristic dystopian society, in which a network of 'runners', including the main character, Faith, are used as couriers to transmit messages while evading government surveillance. In the style of a three-dimensional platform game, the player guides Faith over rooftops, across walls, and through ventilation shafts, negotiating obstacles using movements inspired by parkour.

GAME NOTES

- The game should automatically run in Windows XP SP3 Combatibility Mode. if not just right click on the executable, select properties, then compatibility then select Windows XP SP3 from the dropdown menu.

- If your having trouble getting the game to run in windows 7, open the file located in "C:Users(Your Username)My DocumentsEA GamesMirror's EdgeTdGameConfig" name "TDEngine.ini" hit Ctrl + F to open the search windows and type in "resx". you will find the default resolution settings, they should be 1920x1080. change them to your desktop resolution and save the document. The game should run fine now.