BurnAware Professional

BurnAware Professional is a powerful CD, DVD and Blu-ray Disc burning program intended for users who need maximum control over every aspect of the burning process and use multiple burners for mass-production of various discs and quick creation of disc-to-disc copies. It's a solid piece of software that will help you cope with your daily burning tasks faster and more efficiently.

Features

Burn, backup or copy your files to CD, DVD or Blu-ray Discs.
Supports recording from command-line and BAT scripts for automating routine actions.
Supports CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, BD-R/RE and DVD-RAM media, including high-capacity double-layer media.
Supports UDF (Universal Disc Format 1.02-2.60), Bridge and ISO9660 (Level 1-3, Romeo), including Joliet Unicode extensions.
Create Bootable CD or DVD. Use it as a very big floppy boot disc for recovery purposes.
El Torito creation support with advanced options: emulation type, sectors, platform, load segment and boot message.
Append or update Multisession discs.
Create Audio CDs. Play a CD on your traditional CD player or car stereo.
Supports MP3, WAV, WMA, OGG, M4A, AAC and FLAC audio formats and M3U playlists.
Supports title and track CD-Text, including Unicode.
Create DVD-Video discs and MP3 CDs/DVDs.
Make and burn standard or boot disc images.
Supports ISO and CUE/BIN image files.
Supports UDF (Universal Disc Format 1.02-2.60), Bridge and ISO9660 (Level 1-3, Romeo), including Joliet Unicode extensions.
Copy disc to ISO image. This feature can be used for disc backup, as well as for disc copying.
Multiburn. Write ISO image files to multiple recorders simultaneously.
Copy CD, DVD or Blu-ray Discs. Make exact copies of your DVD-Video, Audio CD or standard Data discs.
Recover files. Extract files from different sessions, corrupted discs or extract audio tracks from Audio CDs.
Erase re-writable CD, DVD or Blu-ray discs.

Key Benefits

On-the-fly burning
Small installation size
Easiest-to-use, multilingual user interface
Lowest CPU usage while burning and copying
Supports all types of optical drives and discs
Uses the most fastest and stable burning engine
Supports all major audio and disc image formats
No banners, adware, spyware
Does not require the .NET framework

Supported OS:

Supports Windows NT/2000/XP/Vista/7/8 (32 and 64-bit)

Homepage: http://www.burnaware.com/burnaware_professional.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.