BBC - Tales From The Green Valley (2010)



Information
Tales From The Green Valley
A hidden Welsh border valley provides the ideal setting for a fascinating documentative reality-experience, as a group of archaeological and history experts spend a year immersed in country life as it was 400 years ago, when King James I ruled the land. At the heart of the valley lies a remarkable farmhouse, a building that is being run just as it was in the year 1620. Without electricity, refrigeration, mains water, tractors or chemical pesticides, our group will live off the land, eating the period food they grow and wearing the period clothing they can create. We watch and share the drama and frustration as they cope with a plethora of natural challenges – with 400 year-old manuals as their source of knowledge. Each programme focuses on the a month in the life of the farm, following the seasonal tasks our team endeavour to carry out – from harvesting and building, to the birthing of calves and pigs, from salting and smoking meat to sheep shearing and garment making. The series is genuinely revealing about life in times gone by…

Part 4: December
December, their fourth month on the farm, means turning the clock back 400 years to celebrate Christmas in 17th-century style. They have to cut their own giant yule log, the centrepiece of period festivities, deck the place out with traditional decorations and celebrate with contemporary tipples. Getting ready for the Christmas day feast, it is all hands on deck cooking up a range of recipes from the age of Shakespeare, like mince pies with real meat in them. Through all this they have got to find time to tend the livestock, make some winter clothes, and build a period wood store - all using tools and materials that would have been available in the year 1620.

Technical Specs
Video Codec: x264 CABAC
Video Bitrate: 1541 Kbps
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.778:1
Video Resolution: 832x464 (16.9)
Audio Codec: AC3
Audio Bitrate: 128 Kbps CBR 48KHz
Audio Channels: 2
Run-Time: 30mins
Framerate: 25FPS
Number of Parts: 12
Part Size: 350 MB
Source: DVD
Encoded by: Harry65