                             




                           PART  409


                    
          12.02  NEW WAWE -  SYNTHOPOP AND NEW ROMANTICISM 


          ICEHOUSE  - Hey.Little.Girl   (1982)
          KAJAGOOGOO  -  Too Shy  (1983) 
          EURYTHMICS  - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This)  (1983)
          THE ALAN PARSONS PROJECT  -  Don't Answer Me (1984)
          THE ALAN PARSONS PROJECT  -  Prime Time  (1984)      
          LIMAHL  -   The NeverEnding Story  (1984)   
          LIMAHL  -   The NeverEnding Story  (1984) (film version)             




    "Hey Little Girl" is a single released by Australian band Icehouse, the second single from the band's 1982 album, "Primitive Man". It peaked at number seven on the Australian singles chart and #2 in Switzerland, #5 in Germany, Top 20 in UK, Sweden and Netherlands, and #31 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.  
   "Too Shy is a song written and recorded by English New Wave/pop music band Kajagoogoo, released in 1983. The first single from their debut album "White Feathers", the song was an immediate hit and reached no.1 (for two weeks) on the UK Singles Chart. It was also very successful in other European countries, spending 5 weeks at no.1 in Germany, and reaching no.2 in Switzerland, no.4 in Sweden and Austria, and no.4 in the Netherlands.  "Too Shy" is Kajagoogoo's only significant hit in the U.S., where the band is widely regarded as a one-hit wonder. In the UK, however, Kajagoogoo had further hits, including two more Top 10 singles: "Ooh to Be Ah" and "Big Apple", both in 1983.
    "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)"  is a song written and performed by  pop music duo Eurythmics (Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart). It was released as a single in early 1983, the title track of their album "Sweet Dreams", one of their biggest hits, and the song which provided the group with their breakthrough into commercial success. Its striking music video helped to propel the song to #2 on the UK singles chart and to their only #1 ranking on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, on 3 September 1983, after The Police's "Every Breath You Take" had held it off at #2 for four consecutive weeks in August. "Sweet Dreams" is arguably Eurythmics' signature song. Following its success, their previous single, "Love Is a Stranger", was re-released and also became a worldwide hit. On Rolling Stone's The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time issue in 2003, "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" was ranked number 356.    
   "Ammonia Avenue" is one of the most commercially successful albums of The Alan Parsons Project.  "Don't Answer Me" was the lead single from the "Ammonia Avenue" album; it reached the Top 20 in several countries and represents the last big hit for the Alan Parsons Project.. Music video for "Don't Answer Me" and "Prime Time" was  produced in 1984, the former with art and animation by MW Kaluta.
   "The NeverEnding Story" is the title song from the 1984 film The NeverEnding Story. The English version was performed by Limahl and Beth Anderson; the French version was performed by Limahl and Ann Calvert.It was a success in many countries, reaching No. 1 Norway and Sweden, No. 2 in Austria, Germany and Italy, No. 4 in the UK and No. 6 in the US Billboard Adult Contemporary chart.




