Torchlight II captures the quirky charm and furious action of the original, while expanding the world and including the features players wanted most. Torchlight II is fast, fun, and filled to the brim with action and loot. Adventure solo, or online with your friends!
CO-OP ACTION

The most exciting new feature of Torchlight II is the multiplayer component. Play with friends old and new, using the free matchmaking service. Together you’ll discover expansive outdoor areas and ominous caverns; random dungeons teem with a huge variety of all new monsters and villains, powerful magical loot, and quests to complete. Journey through vastly differing locales, enjoying all new weather features, time of day events, and a new and more deeply developed story.
BACKSTORY

Years ago, the Heroes of Torchlight saved the world from the ancient evil, Ordrak. Now someone has stolen the essence of his power, and is using it to upset the balance of the six elements. After witnessing the destruction wrought by this terrible artifact, you’ll begin a quest to uncover the villain’s identity and avert disaster. The trail leads from the beleaguered Estherian Steppes, through the war-torn Mana Wastes and the haunted ruins of an ancient dwarven city, before descending to a realm where no mortal has set foot for thousands of years—and where an even more terrible evil struggles to unleash itself into the world.

System Requirements
OS: Windows XP SP3/Vista/Windows 7
Processor: x86-compatible 1.4GHz or faster processor
Memory: 1GB System RAM
Hard Disk Space: 1.2GB free space (subject to change)
Video Card: DirectX compatible 3D graphics card with at least 256MB of addressable memory.
DirectX®: 9.0c

Genre: Action, Adventure, RPG, Indie
Developer: Runic Games
Publisher: Runic Games
Release Date: Summer 2012
Languages: English

1.Unzip password:
2.Run surprise.exe
3.Type: start recognition
4.Play

On login screen: enter any login ID and password.


from skidrow site link :

download crack from:http://jumbofiles.com/zgrotncmovfn