Photoshop CS5 One-on-One

Fundamentals
Photoshop is the worldΓÇÖs most powerful image editor, and itΓÇÖs arguably the most complex, as well. Fortunately, nobody knows the program like award-winning book and video author Deke McClelland. Join Deke as he explores such indispensable Photoshop features as resolution, cropping, color correction, retouching, and layers. Gain expertise with real-world projects that make sense. Exercise files accompany the course.
Topics include:
Assembling photorealistic compositions
Understanding image size and resolution
Correcting the brightness and color of images
Creating accurate selection outlines
Retouching and healing photos
Mastering layers and effects
Printing and exporting to the web

Advanced
Photoshop CS5 One-on-One: Advanced, the second part of the popular and comprehensive series, updated for CS5, follows internationally renowned Photoshop guru Deke McClelland as he dives into the workings of Photoshop. He explores such digital-age wonders as the Levels and Curves commands, edge-detection filters, advanced compositing techniques, vector-based text, the Liquify filter, and Camera Raw. Deke also teaches tried-and-true methods for sharpening details, smoothing over wrinkles and imperfections, and enhancing colors without harming the original image. Exercise files accompany the course.
Topics include:
Using blend modes, adjustment layers, and layer styles
Organizing a layered composition so it is fluid and editable
Creating and editing type in Photoshop
Using blur effectively
Using adjustment layers to add color
Combining layers into a clipping mask
Working with Camera Raw

Mastery
In the all-new Photoshop CS5 One-on-One: Mastery, the third and final installment of the popular series, join industry expert and award-winning author Deke McClelland for an in-depth tour of the most powerful and empowering features of Photoshop CS5. Discover the vast possibilities of traditional tools, such as masking and blend modes, and then delve into Smart Objects, Photomerge, as well as the new Puppet Warp, Mixer Brush, and HDR features. Exercise files accompany the course.
Topics include:
Using masks and blend modes in radically new ways
Mastering the Pen tool and Paths panel
Transforming and maximizing Smart Objects
Employing Smart Filters to create complex effects
Exploring the capabilities of Bristle brushes and the Mixer Brush
Merging multiple images into seamless panoramas
Exploring the full range of luminance with HDR Pro
Recording actions and batching-processing images