mp3+Epub

The Big Bang Theory and Philosophy: Rock, Paper, Scissors, Aristotle, Locke (The Blackwell Philosophy and Pop Culture Series)

The Big Bang Theory and Philosophy is the latest volume in an ongoing series of books that explore philosophy, an academic discipline that can be rather esoteric, abstract, and even dry (if you had my philosophy professor that is), through the lens of popular culture. Other volumes make use of South Park, Harry Potter, Arrested Development, and Twilight, just to name a few. By making use of popular culture icons, the series brings to life the kinds of questions that philosophy seeks to address - the "big questions," such as what is real and how we should behave. At the same time, this book offers something different from a typical philosophy textbook. Dean Kowalski writes: "Rarely do philosophy books explore whether comic book-wielding geeks can lead the good life, or whether they can know enough science to tear the mask off nature and stare at the face of God. Rarer still are explorations into how socially awkward, Superhero-loving brainiacs meaningfully interact with down-to-earth beauties from India or the Cheesecake Factory." (p. 2).

In this volume, which utilizes The Big Bang Theory, is comprised of seventeen chapters, divided into five sections. Part One looks at Aristotle, Part Two examines ethics, Part Three looks into science and religion, while Part Four explores language and meaning, and finally in Part Five the essays look at aspects of the human experience. In addition, the book includes an Episode Compendium that lists episodes by year and date of airing so you can place the episodes discussed in their chronological context.

Although there is structure to the book (five distinct sections), the authors, most of whom are either philosophy professors or graduate students, appear to have considerable freedom in framing their essays and choosing topics. Although the first three essays, all of which deal with Aristotle, address philosophy as a discipline, the other sections cover the full range of topics. It's important to understand that each of the essays stands on its own, so you as the reader can pick and choose what you wish to read, when you want to read. You don't have to know a lot of philosophy to enjoy the book, but it helps to be familiar with the show and its characters. If you're into the Family Guy instead of The Big Bang Theory, you might want to read that volume!

Topics that are explored range from Aristotle's understanding of friendship to the nature of evil ("But Is Wil Wheaton Evil?), scientism to Wittgenstein and language games, religion to gender. Readers get drawn into the discussion without feeling overwhelmed. You'll also have an opportunity to discern whether it is appropriate to laugh at Sheldon. The answer is yes, but you'll have to read to find out why!
