Requirements: Android version 2.1 and higher
Overview: A fun way for kids to learn numbers and build basic math skills.
Wouldn't it be just wonderful if there was a simple game for preschoolers that made learning numbers and basic math skills enjoyable? There is! It's called Kids Numbers and Math.


Numbers are spoken in kid-friendly English, Japanese, French, German, Spanish, Russian. The paid version enables the number ranges to be set, with numbers going up to 20.

Your child will love playing Kids Numbers and Math, and you'll be able to relax, knowing your child is learning while having great fun.

Let's do the rest of the description in a question-and-answer form.

★ What activities are included?

✔ learning numbers
✔ choose max/min number
✔ addition
✔ subtraction
✔ find a match
✔ advanced exercises

There are more advanced exercises, too, and a surprising number of children enjoy the game so much they do them, too.

If you want your child to learn math – and enjoy it – you can't find a better choice than Kids Numbers and Math.

★ What will my children learn?

Your child will learn to name, compare, add, subtract and match numbers.

★ What won't my children learn?

The game does not overload children and parents with too many audio and visual stimuli. Coping with stress and over-stimulation is therefore one skill that your kids won't be practicing during this game. Its clear focus makes the game a delight for children and a winning choice for parents.

Once your child is involved and happy, you can relax, with the assurance that he or she is having a great time – and learning!

If you'd like to test the game yourself before you buy it, we offer a free lite version.

★ Hey, how did you take the top four spots in the Education section?

✔ Kids love our games. Parents love to see their preschool-aged children being both educated and quietly happy. Google noticed our great reviews and then featured and promoted our apps.

✔ Our games are laser focused. For example, the numbers game doesn't teach letters, and the letters game doesn't teach math. We keep the games simple but magically inviting and nourishing.

✔ We strive to give children just the right balance between education and fun. So our games don't feature fun at the expense of education – or education at the expense of fun. We also know games that are too complicated don’t involve and delight kids.

We hope your children enjoy all the fun and education we've built into our game of Kids Numbers and Math – and that you'll enjoy our other kid-friendly games, too.

Recent changes:
- Added support for more devices
- Reorganized interface of the preferences.
- Fixed some bugs.

MARKET LINK:- 
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.anahoret.android.numbers


IMAGE LINK IS PROVIDED IN TAGS COLUMN

THANX FOR DOWNLOADING

DON'T FORGET TO SEED