Show Info:

Gears of War Judgment Exclusive
Fan favorites Baird and Cole reveal another side of themselves in Gears of War Judgment and get a new multiplayer mode that combines Horde and Beast into one. Epic Games Director of Production Rod Fergusson stops by with an exclusive look.

Borderlands 2 Trailer First Look
Highly anticipated sequel Borderlands 2 is only a few months from release, and we'll take our first look at the latest trailer.

Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn Exclusive
343 Industries' Frank O'Connor visits the stage with exclusive footage of Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn, the live-action web series that will carry us into the release of Halo 4.

Assassin's Creed 3 Gameplay Exclusive
Ubisoft is at Comic-Con showing off first Assassin's Creed 3 gameplay set in Revolution War-era Boston, and we have an exclusive look.

Injustice: Gods Among Us Exclusive
Fresh off last year's hit Mortal Kombat, NetherRealm Studios Creative Director Ed Boon brings us a look at exclusive Comic-Con footage of that studio's next project, a fighting game that takes on the DC Universe, Injustice: Gods Among Us.

Transformers: Fall of Cybertron
The whole reason the Transformers are on earth is in the upcoming game Transformers: Fall of Cybertron, and we hit the Comic-Con show floor for all the latest details.

Tomb Raider's New Lara Croft: Camilla Luddington
The upcoming Tomb Raider will show us a younger Lara Croft in the days before she'd completely hardened, and with it comes a brand new voice behind the character, actress Camilla Luddington. We find her on the Comic-Con 2012 floor for some face time.

Fortnite Exclusive
Epic Games leaves the Gears of War universe behind with new project Fortnite, a co-operative game that's all about scavenging and strategy. Epic Games' Cliff Bleszinski and Tanya Jessen give us a first look at gameplay.

Beyond: Two Souls' Ellen Page and David Cage
Actress Ellen Page and Heavy Rain's David Cage stop by the Comic-Con 2012 stage to tell us all about their new game project, Beyond: Two Souls.

Screenshots:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/capmpaadn.jpg