FIFA 13 TOTAL COMMENTARY MOD & TIPS BY DOCTOR+ PRODUCTIONS 

Info log. V. 0.1

FEATURES/INFO
Afer installing this mod your FIFA 13 are able to read all existing FIFA 13 EA audio commentary.
Your game are converted to support MULTI 18 language audio COMMENTARY.

New audio commentary are not included in this mod, you have to download them separately.

This patch isn't needed for who have FIFA 13 MULTI 12, for the owners of this version just download and install new commentary language pack by adding relatives audio language files in Game folder (big and bh)
Certain audio language require the manual editing in locale.ini for enable new commentary in game menù (example: swe, ara, jpn, and kor).

All the other FIFA 13 version aren't able to recognize new audio language. ( Ex.: multi 5, 6, etc, and some preload version with multi zero audio commentary, bug from EA, incredible!!!) 

Now your game are able to read all audio commentary available for FIFA 13 (MULTI 18).
Audio language that are now possible to enable into your FIFA 13:
eng,us
cze,cz
dut,nl
rus,ru
fre,fr
ger,de
hun,hu
ita,it
pol,pl
por,pt
spa,es
spa,mx
eng,us,2
por,br
jpn,jp
kor,kr
swe,se
ara,sa

Search on google and download favorited audio commentary from relative contry related forums or everyone open one thread on sg forum for all audio commentary sharing, I think is a nice idea!
Italian audio is available online (some italy forums, blogs), check with google.

DOWNLOAD HERE FIFA 13 TOTAL COMMENTARY MOD or on my website.
(browse folders and download, also I add here links to external audio language uploaders)

INSTALLATION
Backup interested files: data7.big and bh
Copy new data7.big and data7.bh to your Game folder and overwrite original files.
Go to download your favorited audio commentary, and now your fifa 13 is ready to read!

Uninstall by restoring original files.

Enjoy! 

TIPS:
Trasform MULTI 17 to Multi 18 is possible:
ara,sa is possible to add to all fifa 13 version outside arabic region, this is possible by copy the following files/folders into Game folder:
audiodataspeechdataloadfile_ara_sa.xml
audiodataspeechdataara_saall files
and naturally the two files ara_sa.big and bh

edit locale.ini by adding ara,sa on any of AVAILABLE_COMMENTARY_LANG_X strings
the same is with text language, locale.big is universal (contain all text language) but you can unlock and make selectable by mod locale.ini, the editing is quite intuitive).

grab all the files from arabic fifa 13 version (data7.big), aslo check locale.ini in this version.

bye bye to everyone

COPYRIGHT INFO

Warning: Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this program
or any portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
Total or partial reproduction of this program and/or its files strictly 
prohibited unless permission by the author.

This software is distributed "as is". We hold harmless of any possible 
misconfiguration or error this program may cause your computer.
Unauthorized commercial reproduction or distribution of FIFA13, 
or any portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. 

Copyright © 2012 - 2013
FIFA 13 MODS BY DOCTOR+ PRODUCTIONS 
http://www.soccergaming.com/forums/showthread.php?t=175169 
http://www.soccergaming.com/forums/showthread.php?t=170667 
http://www.soccergaming.com/forums/showthread.php?t=164884

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

Special thanks to skydrow for some file sharing.

Special thanks to Moddingway (Ariel) and Fifa Infinity (Damien) for awesome support. 
http://www.moddingway.com/ 
http://www.fifa-infinity.com/

Special thanks to FIFA EA Development Team!
EA Sports., Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA develops, publishes, and distributes interactive software worldwide for video game systems, personal computers, wireless devices and the Internet.
EA SPORTS, the EA SPORTS logo, Electronic Arts. and FIFA are trademarks or registered trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. 
http://www.easports.com/





