Request

From Kink.com  (Hogtied)  + Pics



Matt Williams Directed, rigged and handled for Hogtied starting back in September of 2003 until September of 2008, when he was asked to take the roll of Creative Director for all of Kink.com. Shorty after, the company went through a restructure and Matt Williams returned to Rigging and handling for Hogtied's Sister site, Device Bondage. In 2010 the company asked Matt To return to Hogtied after a 2 year hiatus, a return to the flagship site of kink.

 To mark this momentous occasion, a 2 minute mini movie was made to show the return of The Williams to his natural habitat. For too long the Bitches of the Armory held power and control. Matt was back and it was time to teach what had been forgotten. Madeline, Donna, and Isis were no longer the top of the food chain. The predator was back and a lesson was in order.

 As the girls are walking back from a fourth floor event, The Williams shows himself and it is understood instantly that the girls' reign of power is over. They flee in terror, but no one escapes The Williams, no one. One by one they are run down and captured, They run scared, even sacrificing their own, so that one might win her freedom. 

In the end all three of the most powerful and dominating women at Kink are bound helpless and suffering. Maitresse Madeline and Princess Donna are bound elbows together hanging upside down in a painful ankle suspension, their necks bound to Isis's spread ankles. Isis has her huge tits bound and tied to the other body's. The slightest movement by one will effect the other physically and mentally. They are truly helpless and scared in a domain they once ruled and controlled.

 We hope you enjoy our little movie we made for Matt's return back in 2010. This is the first time we have made it available for Download. This is Kink History at it's finest. It will be the only time ever that you will see Maitresse Madeline, Princess Donna and Isis Love bound and helpless at the same time. 



Screens  http://www.hogtied.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=9235


Cheers  :-)