Introductory Programming / Python ®
Gaddis Books -- Understanding from the Start!
 
Starting Out with Python introduces students to the basics of programming and prepares them to go on to more complicated languages. With the knowledge acquired using Python, students gain confidence in their skills and acquire the logic necessary for developing high-quality programs. This book discusses control structures, functions, lists, and file I/O before introducing classes. As with all Gaddis texts, clear and easy-to-read code listings, concise and practical real-world examples, detail-oriented explanations, and an abundance of exercises appear in every chapter.
 
This book is ideal for a one-semester introductory programming course for students with limited programming experience.
 
KEY FEATURES
Control structures, functions, lists, and file I/O are covered before classes are introduced.
A clear and student-friendly writing style simplifies programming processes for beginning programmers, with two to three stepped-out explanations following each major concept.
A variety of exercises in each chapter encourages students to put concepts to work as they are learned. Source code is provided so that students can run the programs themselves.
In the Spotlight case studies walk students through the design of a problem by showing all the important steps.
Checkpoints check students' understanding of important lessons at key places in each chapter. Other student-friendly features include Concept, Note, Tip, and Warning boxes.
A student resource CD-ROM packaged with each new text includes Python, the IDLE development environment, source code from the example problems, and answers to all Checkpoint question.
COMPATIBLE WITH OTHER BOOKS IN THE GADDIS SERIES
 
Tony Gaddis's best-selling Starting Out With series provides accessible, detailed presentations of programming concepts using an approach that will increase confidence and competence in novice programmers.
 
The Starting Out With series includes books that meet most course and teaching styles. Titles include Starting Out with Alice, Python, Visual Basic®, C++, and Java™.
 
Visit www.aw.com/gaddisbooks for more information.
 
 
 
--This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
About the Author
Tony Gaddis is the author of the Starting Out with series including Starting Out with Alice, C++, Java™, Visual Basic® 2008, Programming Logic & Design, and Python®. Visit the Gaddis Books website for more information on Gaddis’ titles. Gaddis teaches computer science courses at Haywood Community College in North Carolina. He previously taught programming for several corporations and government agencies, including NASA's Kennedy Space Center. Gaddis is a highly acclaimed instructor who was selected as the North Carolina Community College "Teacher of the Year" in 1994, and who received the Teaching Excellence award from the National Institute for Staff and Organizational Development in 1997.