1) Patternmaking for Fashion Design by Helen Joseph Armstrong

Renowned for its comprehensive coverage, exceptional illustrations, and clear instructions, "Patternmaking for Fashion Design" offers detailed yet easy-to-understand explanations of the essence of patternmaking. Hinging on a recurring theme that all designs are based on one or more of the three major patternmaking and design principles-dart manipulation, added fullness, and contouring-it provides students with all the relevant information necessary to create design patterns with accuracy regardless of their complexity. Some innovative, new information in this book include:
Updated with modern, cutting-edge sketches and designs.
DVD included in the back of the book.
Ribbing added to the knit section of Chapter 27.
More materials on children's wear and swim wear.
Knock offs.
Fitting corrections
Advanced design projects
A practical introduction to patternmaking
Complete coverage of the three steps of design patterns: dart manipulation, added fullness, and contouring.
Chapter projects
An essential reference for anyone involved in fashion design.


2) Pattern Magic 1 by Tomoko Nakamichi

Pattern Magic is the cult pattern-making book from Japan. Taking inspiration from nature, from geometricshapes, and from the street, this book harnesses the sheer joy of making and sculpting clothes. The book takes a creative approach to pattern making, with step-by- step projects for fashion designers and dressmakers to enjoy. Each project is beautifully illustrated with clear diagrams and photographs showing the stages of construction, the muslins, and the finished garments.


3) Pattern Magic 2 by Tomoko Nakamichi

Pattern Magic 2 is the cult pattern-cutting book from Japan, partner to the original title Pattern Magic. Inspiring and exciting, this volume takes a creative approach to pattern cutting, with more step-by-step projects for fashion designers and dressmakers to enjoy. These easy-to-follow illustrations and detailed instructions makeit easy to create stunning, sculptural clothes.


4) Patterns of Fashion 1: Englishwomen's Dresses & Their Construction C. 1660-1860 by Janet Arnold

The late Janet Arnold can certainly be called the mother of historical accuracy in costume research. Her meticulous sketches of extant garments, coupled with her carefully drawn graphed patterns, make her books indispensible both for students of historical costumes and for those who wish to reproduce them. Each drawing includes a brief description of the garment, including which materials were used and any types of embellishment. I found it very easy to scale up the patterns I wanted to use with one-inch pattern graphing paper (available through most fabric outlets). This particular volume in the _Patterns of Fashion_ series includes my favorite era -- the English Regency. The patterns provided include long gowns, a crossover bodice shortgown (a version of which was made for Kate Winslet in "Sense and Sensibility"), a riding habit and a 1790s pelisse (overdress). This book is worth every penny and will become a dog-eared favorite on your costuming shelf!
This book goes into details that others leave out. What type of lining was used, how the embrodery was done, drawings of the hooks and eyes used to hold some garmets closed. Where many books on historical dress will tell you a garmet was laced closed up the back Janet Arnold will expand and tell you that the holes were reinforced with metal rings sewn on with thread and what color and type of thread. In addition, the clothing of the men of the time is not just given a passing nod, but every bit as important. Her attention to detail extends to giving the information on where she obtained her information, allowing yet more research to be done on your own. Not for anyone new to sewing but a must for the person who wants to understand the details of historical garmet construction.


5) Metric Pattern Cutting for Women's Wear by Winifred Aldrich

Metric Pattern Cutting for Women′s Wear was first published in 1975 to provide a straightforward introductory book for students beginning courses in flat pattern cutting. The fifth edition continues to offer an introduction to the principles of pattern cutting, with a range of good basic blocks and examples of their application to garments. However, the great expansion of casual wear, cut in jersey or stretch fabrics, has led to the growth of ′flat cutting′ with no darting to create the shape and this edition devotes a whole section to this type of cutting. The sections on computer–aided design and grading have been updated. The size charts of body measurements have been revised, reflecting the changing shape of women′s bodies.
