A list of works by Irish/Australian philosopher, poet, artist, writer, teacher and  father; C. Sean McGee


Selected Poems:
1) Girl Poem
2) A Filter for a frail Horizon
3) A Somber Note
4) Leave
5) no Standing Any Time
6) reflections
7) risk
8) z equation
9) Silent Existence

Selected Short Stories (storied Poetry in literary prose):
1) Girl  (based on the track Enigma of the Absolute by Dead can Dance)
2) A Moment of Clarity
3) Jonathon & The Collector (an adult's nursery rhyme taken from A Rising Fall)
4) return on Investment (an add on story to the CITY trilogy)

NOVEL:
1) A Rising Fall (AR1S1NGFALL)

see synopsis below for well, synopsis....  
Support truly independent art. no industry here folks. no small labels, no indie editors just a father of 2 artist trying to get his art appreciated.
Thank you for your time.
C. Sean Mcgee


 
                          CITY: aliteraryconcerto

                       Book 1: A Rising Fall Synopsis

It is three days before The Collective mark ten years of existence, struggling to survive and maintain humanity at the end of the age of information. In three days, an epic journey will unfold through a web of suspicion, treason, song and dance, cruel scientific experiments, storytelling, sadistic scientists, petulant generals, cold and distant lovers and of course the odd glass of Poitin. 

Marcos is the philosophical leader of a community trying to re-establish humanity. Since the blackout, the human population has dwindled and a famine plagues the conscious minds of those left behind by a failed industry. The Nest (the remnants of an old Ford assembly plant) is home to The Collective; whose sole focus is to re-learn love to save mankind.

After a century of dehumanisation, technological dependence and mal-communication, humanity lost its empathy. At the end of the age of oil, the engines stopped. At the end of the age of information, identity stopped and in the age of famine, mankind stopped. Nature had removed the empathy gene from man, the gene that preserves existence linking man to man, man to nature and man to god. Without the gene, women could no longer bond with their new born children. Unable to lactate, unwilling to care, the mothers left their infants to starve to death and the depletion of human production began.

The Collective, led by Marcos, occupy downtown and pacify the potentially violent and unpredictable famined by feeding them information to quiet the hunger in their minds much like an apocalyptic methadone clinic. Inside the Nest they work to re-learn the empathy gene with the children they collect from the streets and the Child Markets; run by a drunken old Irishman and his ancient story telling mother.

In the days leading to the fall of the Nest, Marcos and his lover; The Woman, start to delve into delusion and dream, thinking they are falling into famine. His suspicion will unravel a treason that will set in motion, the fall of one idea for the betterment of another, as begins the march towards a new frontier, towards the city of light and sound, towards New Utopia.

ΓÇ£Love as one; Live as you loveΓÇ¥
