Cubemen 1.2.2 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$1.99
Category: Games
Updated: Oct 13, 2012
Version: 1.22
Size: 49.3 MB
Language: English
Seller: Seon Rozenblum
© 3 Sprockets Pty Ltd
Rated 9+ for the following:
Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence
Requirements: OS X 10.6.6 or later


Description

Cubemen is a fast paced, action packed, original singled & Multi-player 3D TD / RTS hybrid! Get ready for some crazy Cubemen action!

■ iPad "Game of the Week" in the UK and France!

■ Cubemen does not support Intel GMA9XX Video Cards. PLEASE check your video card before purchase. These cards are usually found in early Intel MacBook's and Mac Minis.

Check out the trailer...

It’s the age old struggle between Good vs Bad, Blue vs Red, Little men vs Little men. Use your own little Cubemen to defend your base from other little Cubemen that are trying to run it over. It’s the usual story, but with many very interesting twists. 

Play a purely Defense game in various modes on a sweet selection of levels, or go into Skirmish mode and play a new type of TD game against either the computer or another human opponent. 

That’s right.. Two way REAL-TIME TD against the computer or a real person! 

There are no static towers, just little men! Spawn your little Cubemen with orders to get to a certain location to attack or defend. You can move your Cubemen around the board at any time or click on an enemy to target them. 

Game Specs:- 
■ 35 Defense Levels 
■ 25 Skimish Levels (AI & Online Multiplayer) 
■ 8 Mayhem Levels (AI & Online Multiplayer) 
■ 6 Defense Gameplay modes 
■ Brand new Cubemen customisation screen 
■ Individual score ladders for all Defense levels 
■ Comprehensive stats and scores ladder for all game types 
■ 44 Achievements to earn in game 

■ Cubemen Multi-Player games are cross platform, so you can play iPad v.s Steam or Steam v.s MAS or MAS v.s iPad... lots of Cubemen Multi-Player goodness! 

Rated 9.4/10 on Desura!

It’s TD like you’ve never seen or experienced before. Grab it now! 

■ Cubemen does not support Intel GMA9XX Video Cards


What's New in Version 1.22

We are pleased to announce the release of Cubemen 1.2 - now with a level editor to allow you to create, share and play levels with other Cubemen players.

Here is an overview of whats is new in Cubemen 1.2

■ Level Editor including level creation, sharing & favourites
■ Local Mayhem games (no need for online connectivity at all)
■ Added random tower placement option in defense (unlocked per level by getting platinum)
■ Added reverse tower placement in Skirmish mode (local and online games)
■ Added brand new music tracks with custom music theme selection options per game mode
■ Added volume controls for Music and SFX in game options and in game
■ Added music selection control in game options and in game
■ Added smarter AI
■ Added Level Theme skinning gallery and ability to create custom themes to share
■ Improved level selection
■ Made in game scores the same calculation as end of game scores
■ Brand new Cubemen original music score available as an album (available soon)
■ Updated pathfinding library for better performance, lower memory usage and fewer crashes
■ New local Mayhem Level - Empires
■ Bug fixes

As always, we strive to make Cubemen as solid as it can be, but in the event you encounter any issues, please contact us via our website support page and let us know what's happened, so we can work together to fix issues. Please don't bug report via the review system, as we are unable to track and fix bugs that way. 

*Note: Using the level editor and playing user levels requires an active internet connection.