Follow my uploads here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Brand new way for customization and fascinating look for your home screen.
Make your screen look completely personal and interactive. Automatic time of the day based on your current location. Seasons and weather 3D animations from online forecast. Sun, rain, snow, clouds, lightning and frost. Amazing interactive screen coloring. Random colors presets, dynamic colors and scrolling/touch animations.

Choose from more than 20 stylish, cool and professional color effects and photo filters including day/night effects, red, green, blue, yellow, orange, cold and warm filters, autumn, winter, spring and summer adjustments, classic black&white, sepia, neon and more!

Manually control brightness, contrast and saturation of your screen. Easily change colors to your favorite by applying color blend. Change hue, add lighting/glow effects, use overlay or phoenix.

Use your favorite images from the gallery for your home screen background preserving their original quality or choose from predefined colorful and beautiful nature fantasy images. Full HD custom images are supported!

Coloring Weather Screen works as live wallpaper, but is designed for everyone who do not use live wallpapers at all. It is strongly optimized to use as low system resources as it can. It does not drain your battery life or use a lot of memory (memory usage only depends on your current image quality).

Coloring Weather Screen provides revolutionary settings widget with interactive preview, so you can just place it on one of your screens and access settings at any time.

It also contains auto-pan mode that you can enable if your device or launcher does not support background (wallpaper) scrolling by default.

The overall number of customization options and their design are unbelievable as you can see by yourself.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 17, 2012)

    Fixed all reported issues
    Thank you all for your feedback! Special thanks to xda users, afilopou, Larry McDonald and Matt G!

Required Android O/S : 2.1+

 Remove license verification with Lucky patch via 'Extreme Mode'



                                By bobiras2009		