Awakened by the End of Days, Death, the most feared of the legendary Four Horsemen, embarks upon a quest to restore mankind, and redeem his brotherΓÇÖs name. Along the way, the Horseman discovers that there are far worse things than an earthly Apocalypse, and that an ancient grudge may threaten all of Creation . . .

Features:

Play Death: Become the most feared of the legendary Four Horsemen, able to destroy entire worlds and battle forces beyond Heaven and Hell.
Epic Universe: Unlike anything the player has seen before, delivered in the unique style of Joe Mad.
Player Choice & Customization: Customize your experience with varied armor sets, weapons, and Skill Trees allowing players to create their own Death.
Replay-ability: Explore a vast open world, complete dozens of side quests and customize your Death with a full leveling system, Skill Trees and endless equipment combinations.
Traversal: Death is a nimble and agile character capable of incredible acrobatic feats allowing the player to explore the world like never before.

System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP, Windows Vista SP1 or Windows 7
Processor: 2.0Ghz Intel┬« CoreΓäó2 Duo Processor or AMD equivalent
Memory: 2GB
Graphics: NVIDIA 9800 GT 512 MB Video Card or AMD equivalent
DirectX┬«:
Hard Drive: 20 GB space free (10 GB free after install)

Title: Darksiders II
Genre: Action, Adventure, RPG
Developer: Vigil Games
Publisher: THQ
Release Date: Aug 14, 2012
Languages: Czech, Dutch, English*, French*, German*, Italian*, Polish, Russian*, Spanish*
*languages with full audio support

Darksiders II-SKIDROW
Size: 5.35 GB

1. Unpack the release                                                  
2. Mount or burn image                                                 
 3. Install                                                              
 4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation   
 5. Play the game                                                        
 6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!           
                                                                         
 ADDITIONAL NOTES                                                      
                                                                        
Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the   
 language of your choice                                              
                                                        