Starting the week of 11/21/2012 I will be posting the ongoing adventures in the Marvel NOW! storyline. Each week I will be posting the current week's Marvel NOW titles. 

This means that I will be releasing five packs a week including:

DC Universe 52 (Wednesdays based on scanners release times, but not later than Friday morning)
Marvel NOW! (Marvel Comics in the NOW! universe will be released Wednesdays, based on scanners release times)
Total Marvel (All Marvel Universe comics, released on Thursday, based on scanners release times)
Zero Day (Marvel, DC and Independent comics, released between Saturday night and Sunday afternoon)
Independent Scanners (from scanners not affiliated with groups, released on Mondays)
DC Monthly (all DC Universe comics for the month, released the first Friday after the end of the month)
Total Marvel Monthly (all Marvel Universe comics, released the first Tuesday after the end of the month)


Included in the Week 4 release:
 

All New X-Men #3 (CBR 12/05/2012)

The flagship X-Book marches on! The original 5 X-Men are back, but that's not all that's happening. What happened to the Phoenix 5 from AVENGERS VS. X-MEN? 

Avengers #1 (CBR 12/05/2012)

The greatest heroes in comics together on one unbeatable team! Now shipping twice a month, the Avengers "go large," expanding their roster and their sphere of influence to a global and even interplanetary level. When Captain America puts out his call - who will answer? Big threats, big ideas, big idealism - these are the Avengers NOW! 

Deadpool #3 (CBR 12/05/2012)

Deadpool vs. Dead Presidents ... this time, TRICKY DICK NIXON! Can even Doctor Strange help the M w/the M? This is the Deadpool series you will marry someday!

Iron Man #3 (CBR 12/05/2012)

The new Iron Man stealth armor debuts!  The most subtle Iron Man armor of all time! Deep in Columbia the daughter of a cartel boss is 'modified' by EXTREMIS. Will villains VIBRO, FIREBRAND and THE LIVING LASER stop Tony from doing what he must to save the world from the deadly nano-virus?  An all-new era for Tony Stark from the best-selling UNCANNY X-MEN team of Kieron Gillen and Greg Land! 

Red She-hulk #60 (CBR 12/05/2012)

VS. THE AVENGERS!!!  Red She-Hulk = National Threat! What shocking discovery does Machine Man make about the future of super-humans? 

Thunderbolts #1 (CBR 12/05/2012)

Red Hulk, Venom, Elektra, Deadpool, the Punisher. Forget the courts, the jails, the system - this team of Thunderbolts fights fire with fire, targeting the most dangerous and lethal players in the Marvel Universe with extreme prejudice. Led by General 'Thunderbolt' Ross, AKA the Red Hulk, this hand-picked team of like-minded operatives is going to make the world a better placeÖby all means necessary. 