Adler 2008 Proprioceptive Neuromuscular Facilitation in Practice 3rd

Proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation (PNF) is a philosophy and a concept of treatment. The PNF philosophy is timeless, and the concept is a continuous process of growth. This third edition of our book, with a complete review, better user-friendly layout and integration of the latest developments, aims to support this growth. PNF has been one of the most recognized treatment concepts in physical therapy since the 1940s. Dr. Kabat and Margaret (Maggie) Knott started and continued to expand and develop the treatment techniques and procedures after their move to Vallejo, California in 1947. After Dorothy Voss joined the team in 1953, Maggie and Dorothy wrote the first PNF book, published in 1956. At first mostly patients with multiple sclerosis and poliomyelitis were treated with this
method. With experience it became clear that this treatment approach was effective for patients with a wide range of diagnoses. Today, patients with neurological, traumatic as well as orthopedic symptoms are treated with this concept. The three- and six-month PNF courses in Vallejo began in the 1950s. Physical therapists
from all over the world came to Vallejo to learn the theoretical and practical aspects of the PNF concept. In addition, Knott and Voss traveled in the United States and abroad to give introductory courses in the concept. When Maggie Knott died in 1978 her work at Vallejo was carried on by Carolyn Oei Hvistendahl. She was succeeded by Hink Mangold as director of the PNF program. Tim Josten is the present program director. Sue Adler, Gregg Johnson, and Vicky Saliba have also continued MaggieΓÇÖs work as teachers of the PNF concept. Sue Adler designed the International PNF Association (IPNFA) Advanced and Instructor course programs.
The authors acknowledge their debt to these outstanding people, and also to all members of the International PNF Association (IPNFA), and hope that this book will encourage others to carry on the work.