LJ - Time Travel

LJ stands for Long John 
(2 meter tall)
My name is Jan Buitenkamp
I live in Delfzijl Holland

My hobby is playing guitar and syntersizer
I can't read music from notes the only things I learnd
is chords for the guitar and keyboard.
Partitudes etc are chinese for me.
It doesn't keep me for making music

My motivation were, those beautiful songs of Vangelis.
but to create those sounds he used, cost me a lot of time
and patient, but I did it.

I created in 1995 the first song with Cubase on an Atari 1040ST whit a simple keyboard.
named Fenix
A year later I byed a new window95 computer Pentium 75 (state of the art poe poe )
added 2 soundcards  A Turtelbeach and a Yamaha SW60XG and a editer
A Cubase cassette version 3.01

The Yamaha is a 32 voises 16 bits Syntersizer add on midi card in XG format
The midi effects can also be used for a elektric Guitar using the microphone input

So after a lot of studying and puzzling to find out how to manipulate midi in Cubase
and how to make the voices and midi effects in the Yamaha editer

I recreate Fenix again uzing midi format copied from the Atari.
after filtering out the mistakes i made.

After that I finaly began to make a few covers of Vangelis and Robert Miles
That was a chalence but I figgered it out how to create those voises.

The original of Antartica had poor voises so I created some smoother and fat ones.

Conquest of paradice mmmmmmm I like that song
By accident I creaded Vocal voces in the base string

Children Robert Miles I began with a very poor midi file in standard midi

I began to recontruct the synt parts manualy  add filters too
I used all 32 voises in 16 tracks and recorded in 1 track
This was remarkeble becourse when you using more as 32 voises at the same time
The soundcard will skip some voises so you have to record the song so you
can use the full 16 tracks again with a differrent setup and than you make a mix file

I use for example 4 or 5 tracks for the rythm section

Okay I can talk for hours about that

Chariots of fire is completely VST instruments 
play tools for real sampled instruments
I have a full classic orchestra, a B4 Hammond a bass and several drums and secuensers to play with

Willhelm Tell overture    okay its classic but not anymore

I heard ones a version of it and it was boring so I put some apergios, a baseline
and a nasty rave beat in it and Heee haaaaaa   hahahah lol

I never braught out the cd It is a hobby
I sold 25 copies of it and thats it
So I share the music that I made

I can talk about this for hours, but you have to listen to the music
before you can talk about it.

So if you have comments or you make music
using Cubase or just being a (fan) waaaaaaaaa
Maybe we can chat about it, using messenger

tiswat@hotmail.com

Your welkom
