A Documentary and PDF covering the little-known issue of the following crimes; brought to you by Rev. Kevin Annett (www.itccs.org) 
The International Tribunal into Crimes of Church and State


The documentary in this torrent covers and exposes these crimes and I highly recommended everybody watch this. (1h 46m approx)

PDF:

Hidden From History: The Canadian Holocaust

The Untold Story of the Genocide of Aboriginal Peoples by Church and State in Canada

A Summary of an Ongoing, Independent Inquiry into Canadian Native 'Residential Schools' amd their Legacy.

Published by The Truth Commission into Genocide in Canada.

Background and Rationale

The abuse, trafficking, torture and murder of children appears endemic to European culture, and continues to be actively practiced, and condoned and protected, by church, state, judicial and police forces around the globe.

These same institutions are equally responsible for the historic genocide of indigenous peoples at the hands of European Christendom: an enormous crime against humanity which has never stopped, and continues to ravage and destroy the innocent and the earth.

Because these crimes have emerged from within the heart and laws of so-called western civilization, they have not faced judgment or accountability. We believe it is time for both.

Two of the main practitioners of this genocide of the innocent – the Vatican and the Crown of England – are effectively immune from prosecution under existing laws and customs. It is therefore incumbent upon all citizens to take action to safeguard their children in the face of the refusal of courts and governments to bring to justice those who threaten public safety and wellbeing.

On this basis, our Tribunal has been established to enforce common law and try and convict the institutions and their officers responsible for such historic and ongoing crimes against humanity. We therefore constitute a de jure Court under common law, with full power of arrest, conviction and enforcement.

We have issued a Public Summons to Joseph Ratzinger (aka “Pope Benedict”) and six senior cardinals in the Roman Catholic Church, inc. to appear before our opening session on September 12, 2011 in London. A similar Summons will be delivered to other church and state officials in the coming months.

Common Law peace officers working for our de jure Court and Tribunal will  apprehend these persons and bring them to trial, and will enforce the verdicts of our Court, if regular peace officers refuse to do so.

Our Court and its officers will follow the normal Common Law rules of due process in all of its deliberations and decisions, guided by natural law principles of equity, reason and justice, and the maxim Actus nemini facit injuriam: The act of the law does no one wrong.

In addition, our Court will recognize and allow in its proceedings the Land Law tribal jurisdiction of any indigenous nations or persons who bring suit against those parties summoned to our Court.

It is understood by our Court that its decisions, based as they are on Natural and Common Law, supersede and invalidate all statutes and statutory laws which conflict with the decisions of the Court, particularly when those statues uphold crimes or their concealment, or the protection of the guilty. Similarly, our Court does not recognize the jurisdiction or authority of any contending legal systems, such as the so-called “Canon Law”, or any form of personal, diplomatic or legal immunity governing any person or institution, including heads of states, churches and corporations.

As a de jure Court and a popular forum to address grievances, crimes and consequences, our Tribunal is by definition a public process that can only fulfill its mandate with wide participation, especially from survivors of church and state crimes.

Accordingly, in other countries and communities, the Tribunal will seek to hold public forums to coincide with its London sessions, and which will be linked by simultaneous telecast, to allow people to present their affidavits and testimonies which will become part of the official Court transcript and Tribunal record.

The final verdicts and findings of the Court and Tribunal will be made public in the form of a final public Report whose decisions will be enforced by the Common law Peace Officers and their agents, if regular peace officers refuse to do so. These decisions can and will include the imprisonment and community sentencing of the guilty, the issuing of commercial Liens and Orders of Expropriation against church, corporate and state institutions and their property and assets, orders of Reparation and Compensation, and the return of all land, property, unpaid taxes, and revenue obtained through forced labor.

Our Court and tribunal derive their ultimate authority from the self-evident Natural Law which resides within the reason and compassion of every man and woman, and from the Common Law right of the informed citizenry to establish their own Courts, Policing and Laws when normal institutions fail or refuse to uphold the liberty, rights, safety and well being of the community.

Issued by the Legal Advisory Committee of the International Tribunal into Crimes of Church and State – January 3, 2011


Please share and seed. Thankyou.