Native Instruments Driver v1.0.1






A versatile, creative distortion and filter effect. The smooth filter, powerful distortion, and audio modulation combine to take tracks from subtle filtering to all out mayhem.

   Create amazing textures from subtle to devastating
   Add dynamic motion to static sounds
   Incredible buildup and breakdown effect


ADVANCED RESONANCE

DRIVER is an inspiring creative tool from the creator of MASSIVE featuring the rare pairing of a high-quality filter with a punishing distortion unit. The smooth filter section delivers a wide range of effects, from ultra-subtle to incredibly rich, while two modulation sources produce dramatic textural shifts.

The distortion section is capable of everything from light saturation to complete sonic destruction. Running as a stand-alone effect in any DAW, or as an effect in MASCHINE, DRIVER is perfect for any track needing fresh musical color, total annihilation, or a smooth sweep from one to the other.


JAM THE FREQUENCY

Behind DRIVER’s intuitive user interface is a powerful set of highly tweakable features. The resonant filter offers both low pass and notch settings. Discover a world of wild new textures by modulating the filter with the envelope follower or audio modulation sections.

Fine-tune the envelope follower with the Smooth and Release controls for precise control of the filter’s responsiveness, or trigger DRIVER via an incoming signal to give any track a shot of dynamic motion.


SONIC FURY

DRIVER’s distortion section is a sonic beast ready to scratch, abuse, and tear your tracks to shreds. Increase resonance and distortion levels to travel from light, crunchy overtones to thick fuzzed-out bliss – and the sound reacts dynamically in response to the audio input.

When using the AM section in Audio Mode, the Clip Cut control allows you to take your tracks deep into a dungeon of audio devastation.



System requirements

Windows 7 (latest Service Pack, 32/64 Bit), Intel Core Duo or AMD Athlon 64 X2, 2 GB RAM

For use with Any DAW as a stand-alone plug-in, VST, RTAS

AAX plugs are cracked, you need cracked AAX Host



INSTALLATION

• Uninstall previous versions.

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Mount the bin file with PowerISO

• Install


         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!