Developed by : RailSimulator.com | Type of distribution : Add-On | Language : English | Year : 2012 | Compatibility : TS2012 11.0b or higher, TS2013 | Genre: Simulation | Release Date: 8 Nov 2012

About the Game
The London and North Eastern Railways mixed traffic Thompson B1 Class locomotive is now available for Train Simulator, and includes scenarios specially created for the popular Woodhead Line.

Designed by Edward Thompson, chief mechanical engineer for the LNER, the prototype for the new 4-6-0 ΓÇÿB ClassΓÇÖ (later classified as B1 Class) was the first two-cylinder main line locomotive built by the LNER. The B1 was designed for medium mixed traffic use but also had the requirement of being cheap to produce due to wartime and post-war economies. The B1s operated across the LNER network and more than 400 were built between 1942 and 1952. However, with the change in British Railways policies the Class was withdrawn in the 1960s, long before the end of its expected economic working life.

The Thompson B1 for Train Simulator is available in British Railway black livery with lion-and-wheel emblem. In game features include fully detailed and operational locomotive cab interior, spectacular Pennines scenery and the famous Woodhead Tunnel system.

The Woodhead Line Expansion Pack 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7871303/Train_Simulator_2013_-_Woodhead_Line
(is required to play the scenarios included with this add-on).

Scenarios
Five scenarios for the Woodhead Line (also available on 1337x And The Pirate Bay).

An Introduction to the Thompson B1
Christmas Relief Special
Hello Campers
Marylebone Express
Steam Freight Revival
Key Features
Thompson B1 steam locomotive in British Railways black livery with lion-and-wheel emblem
Realistic cab interior with working gauges and firebox doors
BR (Crimson) Mk1 coaches
Quick Drive compatible

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2012
Set the selected files. Rwp via Package Manager.


Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package.

Visit Us At:  
http://www.railgamer.co.uk

Like Us On Facebook:

More Torrents over at:  
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/