Well, it's about darn time. Red Alert: A Path Beyond version 2.1.1 is ready to rock, the servers are being updated, and mirrors are being prepared! There are a lot of changes in this one, far more than originally planned, including support for Eyefinity and ultra-widescreen, the new Heavy and Light tanks, revised tech levels and balancing, and updates to maps. Oh, and tons of performance boosts across every facet of the game, a blessing for those with less powerful computers (those of you who have better systems can now enjoy native 16x anisotropic filtering and high-quality FXAA to rid yourselves of jaggies).

---------------------------------
Red Alert: A Path Beyond Readme
[Excerpts, not everything would fit]
---------------------------------

---
1.  IMPORTANT!
---
In order to play Red Alert: A Path Beyond, you should run the "Red Alert - A Path Beyond Launcher" 

tool from the Start Menu (or, if you didn't install Start Menu shortcuts, you should run 

apblauncher.exe in the main folder of the game).  There, you can adjust game options and browse for 

servers, as well as view the manual and latest news about the game.  The desktop icon, if you chose 

to install it, will also run the launcher.

----
4.  PERFORMANCE TWEAKS/GRAPHICAL ISSUES
----
If you are having performance issues, you can turn off shader options individually
or completely by using the "options" in the launcher utility.  Shader effects are present in the 

Special Effects
pane of the utility.  If you are having strange graphical issues, try checking the "Force
SM2 Shaders on SM3 cards" option, which will switch to an older algorithm for shaders which
may be more compatible with your card.  If you notice that you have severe issues when looking at
cloaked units, uncheck "Enable Refraction Effects".  If you are having performance issues in
general, uncheck "Shaders Enabled" which will enable all shader and post-processing effects.
This typically boosts performance by a large amount, but at the cost of graphical quality.
High-quality shadows shouldn't need to be disabled except on very old computers that barely
meet the minimum requirements.  If performance issues still persist, try adjusting the
geometry and texture detail.

You can find out more in the General Discussion portion of our forum at 
 
http://www.apathbeyond.com/forum

---
5.  CONTACT INFO
---
Questions?  Comments?  Log on to http://www.apathbeyond.com/forum and sign up for an account!  We 

can always use new members, and are (generally) a pretty friendly bunch. Be sure to NOT ask us to 

delete your account when you sign up.