Having escaped from the police in Rockport, the player is shown driving to Palmont City. A flashback of a race against Kenji, Angie, and Wolf, the three most notorious drivers in the city, comes to the player's mind. The prize was a big load of money. Near the end of the race, the player was winning, but the police suddenly appeared and brought the race to a close, with the player barely escaping, when someone opens him a small alley to escape, and then blocks it over. Darius (Tahmoh Penikett), a street racer who borroved the player his car, tells him to escape Palmont. As the flashback concludes, former police sergeant now sacked from the Rockport P.D, due to the unsucessful pursuit, now bounty hunter Cross (Dean McKenzie) shows up in his Chevrolet Corvette behind him and tries to ram him of the road. Cross pursues the player across the Carbon Canyon area outside Palmont, and player finds the part of the road under construction, and he crashes his BMW M3 GTR at a truck. Cross arrives, wanting to arrest him, but just then Darius and his crew arrive. Darius orders his assistant to pay Cross to leave and the player then is teamed up with Nikki (Emmanuelle Vaugier), who is now Darius' girlfriend, on bad terms.
Darius tells the player to regain control of the different territories in Palmont. Winning races one by one, the player acquires territories and ultimately districts from Kenji (Downtown (Bushido), Angie (Kempton (21st Street), and Wolf (Fortuna (TFK), now crew leaders. After beating each racer, the player meets up with a former member of that racer's crew, who want to join the player's crew and reveal their observations regarding the night the player took off from Palmont.
After gaining control of all three districts, Darius asks the player to meet up with him. Darius reveals that he was just using the player all along to get more territory, and that he has brought Cross along to arrest the player. Darius leaves the player at the mercy of Cross, but the player is saved by the arrival of Nikki, who tells him that she now realizes everything that happened months ago after piecing together her view of the night and the viewpoints of the other racers. When Darius finds out that Nikki is working with the player, he hires the three previous bosses (Kenji, Angie, and Wolf) into his new crew, Stacked Deck. The player then attempts to conquer Silverton, and oust Darius and his Stacked Deck crew, to exact revenge for Darius' actions.