POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 92 - Advertising End Of The World - Ultra Maximum - 2012 Genocide


POtHS Comment: The Title is Self Explanatory


Description:

Advertising and the end of the world:
Advertising & the End of the World features an illustrated presentation by Sut Jhally of the University of Massachusetts Amherst, the producer and writer of the award-winning Dreamworlds II.

Focusing directly on the world of commercial images, he asks some basic questions about the cultural messages emanating from this market-based view of the world: Do our present arrangements deliver what they claim-- happiness and satisfaction? Can we think about our collective as well as our private interests? And, can we think long-term as well as short-term?

Drawing from the broad arena of commercial imagery, and utilizing sophisticated graphics, Advertising & the End of the World addresses the issues these questions raise, encouraging viewers to reflect on their own participation in the culture of consumption.  Making the connection between society's high-consumption lifestyle and the coming environmental crisis, Jhally forces us to evaluate the physical and material costs of the consumer society and how long we can maintain our present level of production.


2012 Enlightenment Will Lead the World to Genocide:
Since the early days of the 2012 theories when David Wilcock was channeling an entity named ΓÇ£RaΓÇ¥ people were told that 2012 was really all about enlightenment. This idea is the one we are supposed to believe I think, 
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
