
"If an uncle of 60 speak  at  you  about The Doors and The Who,   you ask him if he knows about   Canned Heat and sure you ┬┤ll  win all their respect ..."

This say  an advertisement  from  Much Music in my country because of  transmission of the concert that I share today with you.

Was one of the best American blues bands of the late '60 's, Canned Heat, and could have been larger and more successful, except for one thing, luck was not on their side.

At  point to  burst after their debut  album, were arrested in Denver When tested their drug possession, and they had to sell the rights to their songs for 10 thousand dollars to pay  bail.  Also, although we will see in their  videos  Bob "The Bear" Hite as singer , their most famous songs were made by Alan "Blind Owl" Wilson, a musical genius, the best harpist of  the world according John Lee Hooker,  and who died in 1970, a very special year for losses of .rock stars .

Luckily, "The Bear" replaced to  him on incredible way. On this gig is at its peak as band singer and  it still seems  a really fun show to watch,  even we get to see Bob "The Bear" playing guitar and the add  of Clarence Gatemouth Brown is really great . Definitely this video is a great blast from the past.  Fortunately  Canned Heat has left a long legacy.  Maybe,  I┬┤m sharing  too much  music  from those years , maybe all this be  rare stuff to you . If so, I hope at less all  these rare stuff  will  it be interesting to see...



Canned Heat - Live at Montreux Jazz Festival, 1973 

Starring    :  

Bob ΓÇÿThe BearΓÇÖ Hite: vocal, harmonica, bass
Ed Beyer: keyboards
Henry Vestine: guitar
Fito De La Parra: drums
Richard Hite: bass
James Shane:guitar
Clarence 'Gatemouth' Brown (Guess)

Color, Dolby, DTS Surround Sound, NTSC

Language: English

Number of discs: 1

Studio: Eagle Rock Entertainment

DVD Release Date: September 19, 2006

Run Time: 73 minutes



Tracklist

1. On the Road Again

2. Please Mr. Nixon w/Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown

3. Worried Life Blues w/ Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown

4. Ooh Poo Pah Doo w/ Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown

5. Funky w/ Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown

6. Night Time is the Right Time

7. Let's Work Together

8. Rock and Roll Music

9. Lookin' for My Rainbow

10. Montreux Boogie (improvisation)

Enjoy and Share Please



wearethelastbeatniks