The New Gods are a fictional race appearing in publications by DC Comics, as well as the title for four series of comic books about those characters. They first appeared in New Gods 1 (February, 1971,) and were created and designed by Jack Kirby.

The New Gods are natives of the twin planets, New Genesis and Apokolips. New Genesis is an idyllic planet filled with unspoiled forests, mountains, and rivers and is ruled by the benevolent Highfather. Apokolips is a nightmarish, ruined dystopia filled with machinery and fire pits and is ruled by the tyrant, Darkseid. The two planets were once part of the same world, a planet called Urgrund (German for primeval ground,) but it was split apart millennia ago after the death of the Old Gods, during Ragnarök.

The New Gods 1 would mark the first appearance of Orion, Highfather, and Metron, among others; and further issues into the series would mark the first appearance of many other Fourth World characters, as well as explaining key concepts about the New Gods. Of note was issue 7, The Pact, which sought to explain the backstory of The New Gods. Eleven issues were published before cancellation by the publisher. Simultaneously published during this time were the Forever People and Mister Miracle series, also written and drawn by King Kirby. All three series saw reprint in black and white form by DC Comics in 1998. In 2007 and 2008, the Jack Kirby's Fourth World Omnibus reprinted the series, along with Kirby's other Fourth World stories, in color and in published chronological order.

In 1977, DC revived the New Gods series, under the title, Return of the New Gods, as part of the DC Explosion launch of 1977. The first new story was in the last issue of DC's 1st Issue Special 13, shortly followed by re-launching Volumes 3 and 4, issues 12-19. Gerry Conway would write the series, with Don Newton providing the pencils. The series was controversial for featuring a new, more mainstream superhero costume for Orion, which he would wear for the next few years.

The series was cancelled almost as soon as it had been revived, due to the DC Implosion, where a variety of market-related factors caused DC to cancel almost all of the titles launched the previous year.

For your downloading and perusing pleasures, this torrent includes:  ALL eleven issues of the original Volumes 1 and 2, plus an unpublished issue 12; the really cool 1st Issue Special 13 book mentioned above; the ENTIRE [original] Volumes 3 and 4 Return Of The New Gods series; and a Secret Files issue too, just for some fun facts.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
