Take That Cock - Lakeview Ent.

You are kneeling in front of Mistress Missy now. She dominates you in a humiliating one-on-one point of view for five minutes. You worship Her stockings and heels and lay beneath Her as She stands over you and shows you how She will smother you under Her pussy. She turns and Her perfect ass is over your face now and only a thin layer of nylon separates your face from Her fragrant ass. Next She has marco laid out hogtied and he is obliged to worship Her shoes and kiss Her pretty pink toes. She takes Her shoes off and carves scratches in his back with the high heels while She sits on his head.

She moves to get a pair of beige pantyhose and hands them to marco, ordering him to put them on. She moves to get the vicious quirt and begins to whip him as he tries to put the pantyhose on for Her. She slashes his back and ass as he cries and squirms, finally able to get his panthyhose on. Next his arms are strung up to the ceiling and his legs are spread very wide in the spreader bar as She whips his chest. She beats his front red and then produces the wooden cane. She shows it to him and tells him he is in store for a solid caning as She begins to strike the front of his thighs then moves around back and takes aim at his helpless, nylon covered ass.

The gigantic black cock is buried in marcoΓÇÖs ass as Mistress Missy swings a leg up and straddles his back. She rides on his back, insuring he cannot move and jams the black cock in further. Her weight compresses his internal organs and he groans as the cock in his ass feels even tighter. She canes him as She fucks him and then pulls the big dildo out, slick with his ass juices, and makes him kiss and thank the cock that She used to split his ass open. She orders him to lay on his back and lick the bottom of Her high heels clean while he masturbates for Her. She removes the shoes and Her tiny feet dance on his face as he begs for permission to release. She grants him that privilege and he shoots a big load as She watches. She smiles and tells him to clean up his mess and walks off.

This movie is split into 9 parts 720p HD WMV Video. Includes assorted screens, thumbs and cover.


Enjoy :) And if you like what we upload, please leav some nice comments for Merzedes and me :)