Follow my uploads here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Have both the best launcher in the market and the most modern look in your phone and HD graphics by combining GO Launcher EX and the most faithful Jelly Bean Android 4.1 theme.

This Jelly Bean GO Launcher theme is compatible will all phone screen resolutions, and all android versions from 2.0 upwards.

Characteristics of this Jelly Bean Android 4.1 HD GO Launcher Theme:

    HD Graphics! All the artwork has been done in the highest resolution allowed in Go Launcher, with the original Jelly Bean icons and over 200 common app icons done all in large 96x96 HD resolution from scratch, instead of the normal 72x72 standard icons commonly used in the themes. The wallpapers are also in higher than standard GO Theme resolution, the appdrawer, dock, etc. 
    This is specially important in the higher screen resolution phones and or if we like to use the "large icons" setting in GO Launcher. Makes your screen look very sharp and detailed.
    Special care has been taken to be the most faithful GO Launcher Theme reproduction of Android 4.1 Jelly Bean's launcher. From the custom Jelly Bean icons and wallpapers to the details like exact matching color codes used, menu icons, the folder interface, the indicators, the appdrawer, etc.
    Includes all 10 original Jelly Bean wallpapers in HD resolution.
    All images optimized while conserving maximum quality to achieve the smallest app package size possible in the phone's memory.
    This theme will be regularly updated should new official wallpapers or artwork be released for Android 4.1 Jelly Bean.

 This theme asks of no unsafe permissions to install. No adds. No risk of hidden malaware.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 5, 2012 )

    added 400 more HD icons!

Required Android O/S : 2.0+



                                By bobiras2009		