SmartDraw More Than Just Draw... Productivity Every Day

Why Everyone Needs a Visual Processor
The rapid pace of change in the modern business world and the information overload it has caused is a problem we all wrestle with. We need to consume information in a way that can be easily understood in the minimum amount of the time. When you look at information presented visually, you can immediately see the key ideas and the relationships between them, instead of having to take the time to read a 12 page report. A picture really is worth a 1,000 words.

Visual Process Management
Improve quality and increase efficiency with this revolutionary process management solution which is universally accessible, comprehensive, and always up-to-date.

Visual Meetings
Reduce the number of meetings and the time they take by using visuals in real time to reach a decision.

Visual Presentations
Create and deliver more compelling and successful presentations with a whole new way to plan, compose, and manage your PowerPoints.

Visual Grammar
Make visual communication across your whole company quick, inexpensive and effective using software that automatically formats with standard rules.

Live Information Capture
The secret to short, effective meetings is to capture the decisions and action items assigned during the meeting in a common document that each person can see as changes are made.

Project Planning
Find out how to prevent even the largest projects from being delivered late and over-budget.

Visual Strategic Planning
The secret to developing a winning strategy is to capture big ideas quickly and easily and then also implement these ideas seamlessly.

Better, Easier Charts
The business world is awash in data: sales figures, cost breakdowns, financial reports, and so on. It's the information we must communicate most often. So it makes sense to communicate it in the most effective way possible: with a chart.

Organize Better with Hubs
Learn how to use hubs to organize and communicate information quickly and easily with anyone in your organization from a new hire to upper management.

OS: Windows 8, 7, Vista, XP or 2000.

Language : English

Homepage : http://www.smartdraw.com/