Grow Your Own Marijuana Plants by Playing the Online Video Game of Weed Farmer.
Join now to interact with nearly 80,000 players who have already discovered and are playing this unique online game.

Welcome Weed Farmer! Get ready to accept the challenges and reap the rewards as you increase your growing skills and bank account by farming 30 different strains of cannabis plants. Manage each stage of a plant's growth and production, from seed germination to the final harvest, you control it all. Upgrade your grow location from a small starting closet to a massive warehouse. Choose from a large number of supplies and equipment to install for creating multiple specialized growing rooms.

WEED FARMER IS MUCH MORE THAN A VIRTUAL PLANT GROWING APP

Features:

    30 unique types of weed to grow, harvest, sell and collect.
    Fully Online with dedicated servers storing each action you perform resulting in no loss of game data.
    Fight off attacks by bugs and fungus while avoiding dehydration and nutrient deficiency.
    Specialized grow areas allow for direct plant interaction during each stage of a plant's growing cycle. 
    Manage all aspects of growing such as lighting, ventilation, growing mediums, water supply, hydro pumps and many more.
    Buff up your plants by adding fertilizer, regular watering and transplanting to different growing mediums.
    Chat live in game with other growers to share tips and brag about your latest harvests.
    Increase your growing skill to increase profits by learning to growing more difficult types of weed.
    Leader boards show wealthiest growers, most skilled growers, highest yielding harvests and more.
    Events like in-game holiday events and reward gear

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 8, 2012)

    Added Upgrade Ticket display on the My Account screen in preparation for Weed Farmer Overgrown. My Account will flash and return to main main first time, but then show you your Upgrade Ticket thereafter.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+