POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 107 - The Final Inquiry


POtHS says: Excellent

Description:
The Final Inquiry
2008  PG-13  112 minutes

Academy Award-winner F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus), Dolph Lundgren (Rocky IV, The Punisher) and Oscar nominee Max von Sydow (The Minority Report) star in a thrilling journey into the ancient Holy Land where a secret new faith will enthrall an empire. The Final Inquiry, directed by Los Angeles Italian Film Awards-winning director Guilio Base (Audience Award, 1999, La Bomba), also stars Daniele Liotti (Mad Love) and Mónica Cruz (Last Hour).

The Final Inquiry begins three years after the Crucifixion of Jesus of Nazareth. Rumors that he is a prophet who has risen from the dead are inciting the people to rebel against the Roman Empire. In an effort to control the unrest, the Roman Emperor recruits a formerly exiled, clever and disenchanted investigator to disprove the story. As the search is aided by a beautiful, young Israeli woman and hampered by Governor Pontius Pilate, a proud, honest Roman hero is drawn deeply into a deep realm of love, honor and spiritual understanding.

After a harrowing but victorious campaign against the barbarian hordes, Rome's greatest general Titos Valerius Tauros receives a special assignment from the emperor: travel in secret to the city of Jerusalem to investigate the recent death and possible resurrection of a crucified man. Unwilling to believe the alleged miracle, Tauros sets out to discredit the rumors and put an end to the spreading cult of Jesus. But in a land touched by faith and hope, the secrets he uncovers and the people he meets may prove strong enough to crack even the hardest heart and bring truth to an empire.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
