Barcode Studio

Barcode Studio: Barcode Maker Software

With Barcode Studio you quickly create high-quality bar code images for pre-press requirements and desktop publishing applications. Barcode Studio operates on its own, no additional software and no programming skills are required. Ready-to-use barcode templates support the creation of compliance bar-codes.

Barcode Studio helps you to create your own bar codes in perfect quality!
Barcodes as Bitmap or Vector Graphic
The required barcodes are created and adjusted directly on the screen, no special knowledge is necessary. The output of bar codes takes place directly on the printer, as a picture (BMP, GIF, JPG, TIF, PNG), as vector graphics (EPS, PDF, PostScript) or to the clipboard.

Use the generated barcodes for your purposes immediately: Add the barcode graphics to image editing programs, databases, forms or arbitrary documents.

Guaranteed Barcode Quality
With the built-in quality preview feature of Barcode Studio you create perfect barcode images. The expected bar code quality is calculated in real-time by indicating the printing tolerance with respect to the output resolution (DPI). Thus you can qualify the bar code during design and avoid unreadable barcodes.

Serial Numbers, Data Import, Batch Operation
For the generation of barcode series Barcode Studio offers a range of possibilities: You can generate serial numbers automatically or import the barcode data from external files (TXT, CSV). Moreover, Barcode Studio offers a full-featured command line interface which allows batch operation (silent mode) and integration into third party applications (like Oracle Reports).

Preconfigured Templates
Barcode Studio contains ready-to-use barcode templates for EAN-13, EAN-8, UPC-A, UPC-E and Deutsche Post Premiumadress Data Matrix. All bar code settings are preconfigured to meet exactly the specification.

Mobile Tagging
The assistant simplifies especially the creation of 2d barcodes for mobile marketing and electronic business cards. You can generate mobile tagging barcodes for Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, sending SMS or even website visits as well as barcodes using the vCard or meCard format. If required URLs are shortened (and tracked) via Google or Bitly URL shortener services. The creation of GS1 barcodes is also simplified dramatically: just select the required application identifiers (AIs) - the data assistant takes care of the right formating (FNC1 insertions) automatically.

Special-Effect Barcodes
Create eye-catching bar codes in no time at all: you are free to embed logos into the barcode image. In addition, special drawing effects (like circles, rounded rectangles, images) are supported.

Barcode Label Printing
For printing generated bar codes the user can choose from predefined templates or define custom labels as required. Barcode Studio provides templates like Avery or Avery/Zweckform.

Supported OS:

Microsoft Windows XP or higher is supported (32 and 64 bit)

Homepage: http://www.tec-it.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory (Bin folder)
3. Run "Regme"file and merge it.
4. Done, Enjoy.