If you have problem in installation then visit the source link
 
http://www.skidrowzgames.com/4x4-hummer-skidrow/



RELEASE DATE : 04-06-2009           PROTECTION : Nothing

GAME TYPE    : Off Road Racer       DISKS      : 1 DVD

Release Notes:

 The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks. We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby as we do this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties.

 If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back

 on contacting us as soon as possible.

 Skid Row 2009

 On with the game release information:

 4x4 Hummer is an off road driving simulation where players can test drive a range of General Motors sports utility vehicles (SUV's) across challenging and exciting locations including the Grand Canyon, Crimea, Egypt and Iceland to name a few.



 There is a range of great off road vehicles from the General Motor's stable for building off road drivers to test. Players

 can try their hand at driving the Hummer H2 SUT, Hummer H2 SUV, Hummer H3 SUV and Hummer H1 Alpha along with Saab 9-7x

 SUV, Cadillac Escalade, Chevrolet Tahoe, Chevrolet Trailblazer

 GMC Envoy and GMC Yukon.

 Players have full control over all the vehicle's 4x4 features such as the 4x4 gear box, GPS navigation, center differential locking, towing devices, height controls and tyre pressure as they challenge their driving skills across some of the world's  most demanding terrain.

 Brand new off road driving experience.

10 fully licensed off road vehicles from General Motors.

 Full access to the vehicles 4x4 feature.

 Challenging off road tracks from across the world.


Install Notes:


 1. Unpack release

 2. Mount image or burn it

 3. Install game

 4. Play the game