Marvel Super Heroes Secret Wars is a twelve-issue comic book crossover limited series published from May 1984 to April 1985 by Marvel Comics.  The series was written by Jim Shooter with art by Mike Zeck and Bob Layton.  It was tied to the same-named toyline from Mattel.

A cosmic entity called The Beyonder observes the mainstream Marvel universe.  Fascinated by the presence of superheroes on Earth and their potential, this entity chooses a group of both heroes and super-villains, and teleports them, against their will to Battleworld, a planet created by The Beyonder in a distant galaxy.  This world has also been stocked with alien weapons and technology.  The Beyonder then declares, "I am from beyond!  Slay your enemies and all that you desire shall be yours!  Nothing you dream of is impossible for me to accomplish!ΓÇ¥

The heroes include:  The Avengers (Captain America, Captain Marvel II, Hawkeye, Iron Man, She-Hulk, Thor, The Wasp;) three members of the Fantastic Four (Human Torch, Mister Fantastic and Thing;) solo heroes Spider-Man; Spider-Woman; and The Incredible Hulk; and the mutant team The Uncanny X-Men (Colossus, Cyclops, Nightcrawler, Professor X, Rogue, Storm, Wolverine and Lockheed the Dragon.)  Magneto is featured as a hero, but immediately becomes non-aligned when The Avengers question his presence.

The villains include:  The Absorbing Man; Doctor Doom; Doctor Octopus; The Enchantress; Kang, The Conqueror; Klaw; The Lizard; Molecule Man; Titania; Ultron; Volcana and The Wrecking Crew.  The cosmic entity Galactus also appears as a villain who immediately becomes a non-aligned entity.

The heroes (The X-Men choose to remain a separate unit) and villains have several skirmishes.  There are several significant developments in the series:  villainesses Titania and Volcana are created; the second Spider-Woman, Julia Carpenter, is introduced; Spider-Man finds and wears the black costume for the first time, initially unaware that it is actually an alien symbiote (the symbiote would subsequently bond with journalist Eddie Brock, giving birth to the villain known as Venom;) Doctor Doom temporarily steals The Beyonder's power, who had fallen in love with the alien healer, Zsaji (who sacrifices her life on Battleworld to save the heroes,) Colossus ends his romantic relationship with a heartbroken Kitty Pryde; and The Thing, choosing to remain on Battleworld, explores the galaxy for a year; and She-Hulk temporarily joins the Fantastic Four as his replacement.

Years later, it was revealed that while the heroes and villains fought on Battleworld, The Thing's girlfriend, Alicia Masters, was replaced by Lyja, a Skrull spy.  When the Fantastic Four returned to Earth without The Thing, she began a relationship with the Human Torch.  The two eventually married, and remained a happy couple until the Skrull's true identity was exposed by The Thing and The Puppet Master.

A year later, Secret Wars II was published, with The Beyonder visiting Earth and having a tie-in with every single Marvel comic book at the time.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and of course the authors, artists and publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
