Robert W. Merry - A Country of Vast Designs: James K. Polk, the Mexican War and the Conquest of the American Continent

96kbps - Unabridged - Read by Michael Pritchard

Editorial Reviews
From Barnes & Noble
The most extraordinary thing about James K. Polk is that most of us know almost nothing about him. Among professional historians, he is commonly regarded as one of our greatest presidents, but among general readers, even history buffs, this one-term chief executive is pretty much a cipher. For me, Robert Merry's A Country of Vast Designs not only fleshed out this methodical, uncharismatic Jacksonian; it also gave me the most vivid sense I ever had of the antebellum political scene and its memorable array of willful, even bizarre major players. As for the Mexican War itself, Merry doesn't toss it down as an inchoate sequence of discontinuous battles; he places it within the tumultuous sectional, party and personality clashes of the time.

— R.J. Wilson, Bookseller, #1002, New York NY

…a refreshing challenge to the new conventional wisdom…Merry's historical rebuttals are not, however, his book's chief distinguishing feature. A Country of Vast Designs is mainly a thorough, well-wrought political history of Polk's presidency. The origins, conduct and results of the war with Mexico necessarily dominate the narrative, but Merry covers all of the other major issues and events, and many of the minor ones as well…Merry is well aware of how intrigues and manipulations have always held sway in Washington, and he reports the machinations of the Polk years with clarity and an insider's verve. Filled with intricate stories of personal conflict, psychological gamesmanship and unintended consequences, his book, although bound to stir controversy, is one of the most astute and informative historical accounts yet written about national politics, and especially Washington politics, during the decisive 1840s.
—The New York Times

Robert Merry has been a Washington correspondent for the Wall Street Journal and the Executive Editor of the Congressional Quarterly. He has written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, The Weekly Standard, The National Review, The American Spectator, and The National Interest. He has appeared in Meet the Press, Face the Nation, Newsmakers, and many other programs. He lives in McLean, Virginia.		