
Bobbi Starr Breaks in a New Slave Boy

Apr 11, 2012 - Performers: Bobbi Starr and John Jammen
        

John Jammin is no stranger to Divine Bitches. He's worked for the site, but he's never had the chance to experience being put in his place and giving a divine bitch the proper worship and submission she deserves. 

Divine Bitches' Queen Bee Maitresse Madeline matches the virgin plaything to the experienced and cruel Mistress Bobbi Starr. John is not only expected to carry out her wishes without reservation, he's also to worship the ground she walks on. But then again, that's true of any Divine Bitch John encounters now. 

With his arms tied behind his back, Bobbi begins John's lessons in servitude by humiliating him with bright, red lipstick, a proper shade of whore rouge for John's new calling, while he smells, licks and learns to love Bobbi's feet and shoes. 

But simple humiliation is not enough for Bobbi. Tied over a saw horse, John's ass is violated by Bobbi's strap-on. She laughs as he grits his teeth in agony, but his ordeal's just begun. She does some cock and ball play with clothes pins. She also has John quiver with the anticipation of a zipper, which she pulls as he's being fucked hard like the bitch he is. 

To be fair, John did not come to world of the Divine Bitches expecting anything less than the ordeal he received. He did not come expecting any pleasure for his first time, at least, not until he proves himself to the divine bitches. Bobbi's last test to prove his worth is smothering his face with her ass and pussy, allowing him to take in her scent. Though Bobbi is charitable for a moment, she dons his face with a far superior cock fucks John's face until it makes her cum. 

The agony of being able to only look, but not touch, Bobbi's perfect pussy and flawless asshole drives John over the edge and he blows his load TWICE!

Torrent includes MP4 and WMV + Pics.
 
http://www.divinebitches.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=20223

Merzedes is away for a few days, so Im handling the uploads all by myself. Enjoy :)

