 http://veryrare.org

Lee Perry & The Upsetters - The Return of Sound System Scratch [2011]

Tracklist:
1. Aleas Jube - Righteous Land
2. The Upsetters - Righteous Rocking
3. Junior Murvin & The Upsetters - Get Ready (bongo mix - exclusive dub plate mix)
4. The Upsetters - Natural Dub (exclusive dub plate mix)
5. Candy Mackenzie & The Upsetters - Long Enough
6. The Upsetters - Kiss Me Mix (exclusive dub plate mix)
7. The Upsetters - Strong Drink (melodica version - exclusive dub plate mix)
8. The Unforgettable's - Time
9. The Upsetters - Longer Dub (exclusive dub plate mix)
10. Leo Graham & The Upsetters - Revelation Time
11. George Faith & The Upsetters - I've Got The Dub (exclusive dub plate mix)
12. The Upsetters - Deep & Deadly (exclusive dub plate mix)
13. Lee Perry & The Upsetters - Jah Jah Ah Natty Dread (exclusive dub plate mix)
14. The Upsetters - Mr Dubz (exclusive dub plate mix)
15. Lee Perry & The Upsetters - Enter The Upsetter
16. Jimmy Riley & The Upsetters - Darkness In The City
17. Jack Lord & The Upsetters - Economic Crisis (exclusive dub plate mix)
18. The Silvertones - Rejoice Jah Jah Children (exclusive dub plate mix)

The next release on Pressure Sounds will be the 'The Return of Sound System Scratch' Eighteen tracks on a single CD and double vinyl. There will be a limited silk screen printed version of the album that will differ from the CD album cover. It's taken a while to put together but will be hopefully worth the wait. There will a 45 or two to follow soon!!! You will be able to buy the album direct from us in early April. The full release will be available else where at the end of April.

Following on the full length release 'Sound System Sratch' from summer 2010 is 'The Return Of Sound System Sratch' this spring 2011! - Again another winner - not just only for the Lee Perry collector - with 13 absolutely exclusive Dub-Plate mixes and three completey unreleased tracks from the Black Ark period 1973-1979 - nice packaging with superb Dennis Morris photographs and great graphics.

If punk rock kicked in the front doors of the mid 1970s music scene, then Lee "Scratch" Perry must have seeped in through its walls and floors. By the time Perry established himself at the Black Ark there was probably no one quite like him working in popular music. Anarchic, spiritual but with a healthily rude sense of humour, he popped up in all kinds of unlikely places, at the time his working methods baffled many, but no one could argue with the results. At a time when you think you have heard just about everything there is to hear by Lee Perry. Pressure Sounds have yet again come up with something a little bit special and totally unique. Eighteen tracks that span Lee Perry's time at his Black Ark studio that showcase 'Scratch' at the peak of his creative powers. Its taken a while to put together but we feel it will be worth the wait.

Special one off exclusive dub plate mixes and super rare 45s that you can't find any where else. There are tracks that have never been released before such as Aleas Jube 'Righteous Land' and the dub version of the same song 'Righteous Rocking', 'Longer Dub' which was mixed at King Tubbys studio is an exclusive remix of Junior Byles 'Long Way'. Candy Mackenzie has a track that is as soulful as anything that was ever recorded at the Black Ark. Candy was part of the Full Experience vocal group that worked on many sessions with Lee Perry. On 'Long Enough' she takes the lead vocal to stunning effect. There is a fantastic melodica version of Junior Murvins 'Strong Drink' that has never been released any where before and although we can't be 100% sure its probably Augustus Pablo blowing melodica over the top. On an outrageous remix of 'Jah Jah Ah Natty Dread' where Lee Perry himself is the vocalist the whole track teeters on falling apart. Scratch sounds like a mixture of Little Richard and Joe Strummer! Manic and possessed.

This is necessary addition to any record collection. Eighteen tracks on a single cd and spread over a double vinyl album with superb Dennis Morris photographs and great graphics. Another winner for the Lee Perry collector!