Arvet från Rosemond hill

En dag går Annies dröm i uppfyllelse, hon ärver en häst. På det anrika godset Rosemond Hill får Annie en stallplats och nya vänner.

Som Annie sköter du om dina hästar, tränar och tävlar inför den stora utmaningen - Kingswood Championships. Du kan sköta om upp till tre egna hästar.

Träna och tävla på 15 olika banor - hoppning, steeplechase och terräng.

Leta efter hemligheter som kan hjälpa dig och din häst att bli bättre på tävlingarna. Prata med och hjälpa dina stallkompisar, då får du hjälp tillbaka.

Ta reda på sanningen om godsets historia...


• Sköt om och träna
upp till tre egna hästar!
• Hjälp dina stallkompisar
så får du hjälp tillbaka!
• Ta reda på historien bakom
Rosemond Hill!
• Förbered dig och din häst för
The Kingswood Championship!


Legacy of Rosemond hill

Legacy of Rosemond Hill is part of the Swedish Rosemond series of games. It tells the story of Annie, a teenage girl, who receives a horse as an unexpected inheritance from her grandfather. It is kept in the stables of Rosemond Hills, the estate that once belonged to her grandparents.

The game is shaped as an adventure title with a storyline (finding out why her family lost the estate), different locations, conversations with other characters and puzzle elements. The main focus is however on the horse racing/caring element. With the help of John the stable keeper Annie has to learn how to train her horse and perform various activities to keep it in shape. After practising, completing various chores and progressing though the game, Annie receives invitations to compete at various trials and championships, with the main goal of beating her rival Melissa.

The riding consists of three disciplines: jumping, steeple chase and cross country. Dressage from the previous titles has been removed, as well as the option to play with four players in alternating sessions. The racing elements are presented in 3D with full control over the direction, speed and jumping abilities.