Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=bcl68hrb53f59plsfqjv.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=jbzt9s4nigmmt92jmhmv.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=put0fb0lrr5yt75igu7g.jpg


Description:
"This party`s a sausage-fest, but these tight, white honeys are thrilled to be the guests of honour!"
Chantell's boyfriend is due to come home soon so she asks her black fuck buddy to take her to his place and have several other black guys come fuck her. Soon she is on her knees sucking 5 big black cocks. She sucks and fucks them all then they jack off on her face leaving a very nice cream coating.
Lily is talking to a guy about fucking black guys on camera and he agrees to fix her up. Lily is a cute 19 year old blond. The guys join in one at a time until she is sucking and fucking 4 hard dicks. Lily is a cute 19 year old black cock slut. She gets fucked hard and gets 4 nice loads completely covering her face.
Janet is lost and is asking people on the street where the gangbang studio is. Janet is a good looking 43 year old red head with nice tits and a nice little bush. It doesn't take long for her to get on her knees and start giving head to 9 hard black cocks. She takes a couple cream pies but keeps on fucking and takes several nice loads to her face.
White boys don't satisfy Chelsea anymore so she goes to a gangbang with 6 black boys to get satisfied. Chelsea is a nice looking 26 year old with dark hair and glasses. She would suck and fuck then take a load in her mouth then go back to sucking and fucking until another load was ready until she had consumed at least 6 nice loads.
Four nice white girls getting violated by 24 big black dicks equals a lot of good fucking. A pretty normal gangbang movie from Dog Fart but if you are like me and like watching little white girls and lots of big black dicks then you will definitely like this one.

Scene Breakdowns:
Scene 1. Chantell Merino, 4 guys, D. Snoop
Scene 2. Lily Labeau, Hooks, Jason Brown, Jon Jon, Shane Diesel
Scene 3. Janet Mason, 8 guys, Rico Strong
Scene 4. Chelsie Rae, 5 guys, Nat Turnher
DVD Bonus. Bobbi Starr, 2 guys, Jason Brown, Rico Strong (scene 4 of Gangbang Her Little White Thang 1)