Phoenix Marie has her throat fucked hard and deep, suffers devastating screaming orgasms! | Phoenix Marie | Matt Williams

October 5, 2012


MP4 only.

 

 

Welcome Phoenix Marie to Sexually Broken. At 5'9" and with bodacious tits and ass, Phoenix is one of the hottest girls in porn today. It's not every day you see Phoenix helpless and struggling with cock and orgasms but here it is. Bound with legs spread and arms across an H frame, Phoenix finds her self completely helpless, her mouth at the perfect height for a skull fucking. This is not lost on our tan goddess. With her head trapped against the beam she has nowhere to hide from the deep throat fucking she is about to endure.

 

Phoenix struggles, her air supply disrupted, she fights for air as the cock slides all the way down the back of her throat. We use her mouth like a pussy, deeply fucking it until she enters light subspace, breath control at it's best. With massive amounts of drool and spit seeping out of her mouth and dripping down her booming body, Phoenix is primed for the vibrator. It doesn't take long to make her cum, she fights it but cannot stop it. Soon her body shakes, she moans and screams and her body has it's first brutal orgasm. We don't let up, Phoenix, hates the vibrator, it is alway too much for her sensitive clit to handle., but we vibrate on.

 

Wild thrashing, begging and primeval screams follow. Phoenix is vibrated mindless. Orgasm after orgasm rip through her, she pleads for us to stop, she begs, she tries to barter. There is nothing we want except to see her cum over and over...

 

Join Sexually Broken today, see why it is the fastest growing sex and bondage site in the world today. Nothing ever faked, nothing ever acted. Real porn stars and real brutal orgasms. Every girl is pushed to their sexual limit and then taken farther. No other site gives you this realism. 

 

Screens
 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_05phoenix2/SexuallyBroken-Phoenix-Marie-Matt-Williams-Phoenix-Marie-has-her-throat-fucked-hard-and-deep-suffers-devastating-screaming-orgasms.php

 

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   

 

Cheers  :-)  
