Image-Line FL Studio v10.9.0






 

Quote:
You should consider that this is PB - PublicBeta version.
  If you want to use stable version, use non beta release instead.
   Unlocked internal registration routine in the FLEngine.dll and all plugins of FL Studio. This means you can use all the plugins included in the installer as a result. Also, beta expiration (on 01 March 2013) is removed.





 FL  Studio  10  is  a  complete  software  music  production   environment,
 representing  more  than  12  years  of  sustained  &  focused development.
 Everything you need in one  package to compose, arrange, record,  edit, mix
 and master professional quality music. FL Studio 10 is the fastest way from
 your brain to your speakers.
         
 What can FL Studio do?
         
         
 Audio editing and manipulation including pitch correction, pitch  shifting,
 harmonization, time-stretching, beat-detection & slicing, audio warping and
 standard audio manipulation (cut/paste etc).
         
 Automate most interface  and all plugin  parameters by recording,  drawing,
 spline-based automation  curves, automation  generators with  formula based
 control of links.
         
 Be hosted in other DAWs as a VST or connected through ReWire.
         
 Live music performance including video effect visualization.
         
 Mix and remix audio including apply realtime audio effects including delay,
 reverb & filtering.
         
 Multi-track audio recording.
         
 Record & play MIDI input recording from keyboards, drum pads and
 controllers.
         
 Sequencing and arranging.
         
 Synthesizer & effect plugin  hosting (VST 32 & 64 bit, DX and FL Native
 format)  



System requirements:


2Ghz Intel Pentium 4 / AMD Athlon 64 (or later) compatible CPU with full SSE2 support. The faster  your CPU and more cores it has the more you will be able to do simultaneously. Download and test  the demo!

32 or 64 Bit versions of Windows 7, Vista, XP (with service pack 3)

(or) Intel Mac with Boot Camp / Windows.
Running XP (with service pack 3), Vista or Windows 7 (in 32 or 64 Bit)

1 Gb or more RAM recommended

1 Gb free disk space

Soundcard with DirectSound drivers. ASIO/ASIO2 compatible required for audio recording (FL Studio  installs with generic ASIO4ALL drivers)




INSTALLATION:

Quote:
there is 2 versions one from chaos its cracked and other from GHOST05077 and is with patch




 •  Uninstall previous versions.

 •  You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

 •  Install.

 • Apply the Patch from GHOST or copy the crack from CHAOS!




         •  That's it! Done.


               • Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                        3Nj0Y!!!