
Release info:

MediaRescue Professional software to recover lost data from all media devices including digital camera, voice recorder, mp3 and wma players and mobile phones are. The software from the hard drive, CompactFlash cards types 1 and 2, micro drives, IBM, cards, SmartMedia, Multi Media Card MMC, Secure Digital SD cards and other storage devices are fully supported. In addition to these features, supports multiple formats such as JPEG, AVI, MOV, MP3, WMA, WAV, etc. The main features of this software.
In some cases, due to physical damage due to handling or incorrect keys during filming, your files are destroyed. But with Essential Data Tools MediaRescue all your valuable data can be restored in the shortest time possible. This media file may have been deleted or formatted hard disk or any other way you are not available. You certainly do not want important files like photos or videos of your lose. Essential Data Tools MediaRescue your solution with the speed and power up your media files back. Mediarescue Professional Software Features: - Recover deleted or corrupted files. - Yazyaby formatted information. - Media Information defective. - Support various multimedia files. - Supports all formats used in digital cameras and digital audio recorders. - Bazgar with all digital devices and card readers. - innovative interface and Wizard Simple to use. - Support for Windows NT / 2000 / XP / 2003 / Vista.

Source:
credit goes to BRD (Thanks)

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.

Install:
1.Run setup file & install
2.Copy crack into install folder
3.Run from desktop shortcut
4.Select offline Activation
5.Activate the program using the key.


