Bananarama - Cruel Summer [WWF Club 1983].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Cruel Summer" is a pop song originally written and performed by Bananarama that was a top ten hit in Britain in 1983. Singer Sara Dallin said the song "played on the darker side (of summer songs): it looked at the oppressive heat, the misery of wanting to be with someone as the summer ticked by. We've all been there!"

"Cruel Summer" was not an immediate international success when it was released. Although it hit #8 on the UK Chart, its international popularity soared after its inclusion in the 1984 feature film The Karate Kid; this was a year after the song's original release (the song was released in 1984 in the US). The group did not allow the song to be included in the film's soundtrack, but regardless it was their first top ten hit (#9) in the USA. When Bananarama were still struggling to make money in their early years, they even performed the song at a beauty contest in Hawaii.

Bananarama are an English female pop duo who have had success on the pop and dance charts since 1982. Rather than relying on a two part harmony, the duo generally sings in unison, as do their background vocalists. Although there have been line-up changes, the group enjoyed their most popular success as a trio made up of lifelong friends Siobhan Fahey, Keren Woodward and Sara Dallin. Since 1988, Bananarama have been listed in the Guinness World Records as the all-female group with the most chart entries.

Bananarama were founded in London in 1979 by Fahey, Woodward and Dallin, the latter two having been childhood friends in Bristol since the age of four, and attended St George's School for Girls together. The pair became a trio when Dallin met Fahey while studying fashion journalism. They became friends because they both dressed more radically than the other students. The trio were ardent followers of the punk rock and post-punk music scene during the late 1970s and early 1980s and often performed impromptu sets or backing vocals at gigs for such bands as The Monochrome Set, Iggy Pop, The Jam, Department S and The Nipple Erectors.
(video has a semi-transparent white "einsfestival" logo at the top right)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cruel_Summer 
      
http://bayimg.com/EAnCMaADc 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25fps 9640kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:03:30




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated Jan 30, 2012!


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*         
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	