                 GiliSoft Video Converter 6.2

GiliSoft Video Converter is easy, fast, reliable, and loaded with features. It's capable of converting videos of all popular formats like AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, H.264/AVC, AVCHD, MKV, RM, MOV, XviD, 3GP, and audio MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, M4A, AAC, AC3, OGG. Now you can convert video, audio, andanimated images to play on your PSP, PS3, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Xbox, Google phones, iPad and other digital multimedia devices.

Features and Benefits:

•Convert videos and audios to various formats
Convert videos and audios to all popular formats;
Convert HD and camera AVCHD videos to common formats;
Extract audio from video as m4a, wma, wav, mp3, aac, ac3, ape, mka, ogg, etc;
Converted video are compatible with iPad, iPod, iPhone, PSP, PS3, Android phones, etc.

•Edit videos freely as you wish
Crop video to create ideal video with different screen size;
Trim your video files to convert your favorite movie clips;
Add special effect to your video such as Gray, Emboss, Negative and Old film;
Add either text or image as watermark to coin and color your video files;
Add and edit subtitle with .MKV as source file and plug-in subtitle in SRT format to your video.

•Advanced setting and optimized profiles
Configure output video/audio settings such as Resolution, Frame Rate, Encoder, Sample Rate, and Bit Rate to produce exactly the wanted video/audio for mobile devices;
Set video brightness, contrast, saturation and volume as you like.

•Fast, light and save time
Support batch conversion, to convert more than one file at one time;

•Hardware Compatible
Fully support Intel® Pentium D Dual-Core Processor and AMD Athlon™ 64X2 Dual-CoreProcessor;

•System Compatible
XP/Vista/Windows 7 (32&64)

Installation:

-  Next open the rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

-  Run the setup file.

-  Now that all that is done make sure the apps are not running.

-  Apply the Patch from CHAOS!
* option A
            Run the patch directly and find the pattern of the program

*  option B
             Copy the patch for to the program's dir folder and apply it.

           . That's it. Enjoy it!!!