The Mighty Mighty Bosstones - The Rascal King [promo].VOB


HQ rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "The Rascal King" is a single from Let's Face It, an album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones. It was released on March 11, 1997 by Mercury Records. This album sold very well due to the success of its single "The Impression That I Get", which reached #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart. Also faring well were the album's other two singles, "Royal Oil" (#22) and "The Rascal King" (#7). The album itself reached #27 on the Billboard 200 (the only Bosstones' album to crack the Top 50). The album has been certified platinum.

The Mighty Mighty Bosstones (informally referred to as The Bosstones) are an American ska-core band from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 1983. Since the band's inception, lead vocalist Dicky Barrett, bassist Joe Gittleman, tenor saxophonist Tim "Johnny Vegas" Burton and dancer ("Bosstone") Ben Carr have remained constant members. The current line-up also includes drummer Joe Sirois, saxophonist Kevin Lenear, guitarist Lawrence Katz and trombonist Chris Rhodes.

The Bosstones are often credited as one of the progenitors of the genre of ska punk and the creators of its sub-genre ska-core, a form of music which mixes elements of ska with punk rock and hardcore. Since the release of their 1989 debut Devil's Night Out, the band toured and recorded extensively throughout the 1990s, becoming a key figure in the development of the American third wave ska scene and one of the first bands to popularize the genre in the musical mainstream, reaching their commercial peak with their platinum-selling 1997 album Let's Face It and its hit single "The Impression That I Get". The band had released seven studio albums, three EPs and a live album by the time they announced a hiatus in December 2003. In 2007, the Bosstones reunited to resume recording and touring. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Let%27s_Face_It 
      
http://bayimg.com/DaCejaAEk 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 8000kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 384kbps
   Duration: 00:03:18




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.3


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	