Back Cover:


Religion is dangerous ....

In 1583 in Vienna, a 16-year-old girl suffered stomach cramps. A team of
Jesuits exorcized her for eight weeks. The priests announced that they had
expelled 12,652 demons from her, demons that her grandmother had kept
as flies in glass jars. The grapdmother was tortured into confessing that she
was a witch who had engaged in sex with Satan. She was then burned at the
stake. This was one of perhaps one million such executions during three
centuries of witch-hunts.

In 1989 in Moradabad, India, a pig caused hundreds of people to kill one
another when the animal walked through a Muslim holy ground. Muslims, who
think pigs are an embodiment of Satan, accused Hindus of driving the pig
into the sacred spot. Members of both faiths went on a rampage, stabbing and
clubbing. The pig riot spread to a dozen cities and left two hundred dead.
A squad of armed Islamic zealots raided a Christian church at Behawalpur,
Pakistan, on October 28, 2001, killing the minister, fourteen worshipers,
and the church's police guard.

It is said that there is never enough religion in the world to make people
love one another-just enough to make them hate one another. Incendiary
blends of fundamentalist religion, politics, nationalism, and ethnic zealotry
engender countless examples of atrocity in the name of faith and orthodoxy.
If anything, religious persecution is more savage now than ever before in
the history of mankind.

Holy Horrors chronicles the grim spectrum of religious persecution from
ancient times to the present. Fully illustrated with drawings, woodcuts, and
photographs, the book recounts such historic religious persecution as the
Crusades, the Islamic jihads, the Catholic wars against heretics, the Inquisition,
witch-hunts, and the Reformation. It also chronicles modern-day atrocities,
including the Holocaust, the seemingly insoluble Catholic-Protestant
schism in Northern Ireland, religious tribalism in Lebanon, and the barbaric
cruelty of the theocracy in Iran.