
S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Real Heroes Firefighter (c) Iceberg Interactive

23-11-2012......Release Date - Protection...............Nothing
Action.............Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Deadly flames, scorching hot - every little kid wants to become a
firefighter when they grow up, to be the hero who saves the day.

In Real Heroes: Firefighter you can Put on the soot-stained boots of
an everyday hero as a newly graduated Fire Academy cadet, getting your
career start in a big city fire station.

Use the fire-fighter's tools of the trade to save potential victims
from the flames and get those fires under control Experience raging
infernos and explosive environments alongside the rest of your Engine
Company 13 squad, through a story-driven adventure in this unique
first-person simulation

Features:

Enjoy an adrenaline pumping cell-shaded non-violent shooter experience
for PC. Become the hero already locked up inside you.

Battle flames alongside your colleagues across 9 unique levels and
locations  and make it through a challenging 7 hour single player
experience.

Use proper fire-fighting equipment to rescue survivors and make it out
alive: Hose, Axe, Pry Bar (Halligan), Mechanical Separator,
Extinguisher, Deck Gun (Monitor), and more.

"Thinking Fire" technology delivers a cunning and dangerous enemy,
unlike any you have seen before,  as the flames appear to have a mind
of their own.

Multiple difficulty levels really turn up the heat.

All-Star Hollywood voice cast   Including James Marsters (Buffy), Jack
McGee (Rescue Me), Michael Jace (The Shield), Jamie Kennedy (Ghost
Whisperer), and Jenette Goldstein (Aliens).

Dozens of collectibles and unlockables.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision

