Bella Rossi's mouth is gagged open, rough skull fucking, dicked down from behind, brutal orgasms! | Bella Rossi | Matt Williams

November 9, 2012


MP4 only.


Welcome Bella Rossi to Sexually Broken. Bella was exclusive to 
Kink, not any more. Welcome her to the best sex and submission 
rope bondage site on the net.

Bella finds herself bound to the nines, completely helpless in 
a doggy style position. Her amazing ass just sticking up with 
her wet pussy totally exposed. Her huge breasts are tightly 
bound and pulled painfully out and to the sides. She is 
sporting a nylon stocking mask with a huge ring gag to keep 
her sexy mouth and throat open. We blindfolded Bella with 
electrical tape, she has no idea what is going to happen to 
her. Her hair is bound back, keeping her face at the perfect 
hight for a brutal rough throat pounding. 

Now is the time to completely destroy this beautiful girl with 
cock. We start with a long and devastating throat fuck. With 
her mouth bound open the cock goes past all her defenses and 
down the back of her throat at will. Breath play at it's best. 
Bella gags, spits, and suffers as the cock thoroughly fucks 
her into subspace. She breathes when we let her, and we like 
it when girls can't breathe. She goes into survival mode, 
stealing air when she can. We are relentless but Bella endures 
like a professional, never letting the cock get the best of 
her. A heroic effort.

We move to the back, our cock easily slides into her wet tight 
cunt. She moans, and we destroy the pussy with hard pounding 
action. Within seconds we make Bella cum. She begs for 
permission but before we can answer she is cumming anyways. We 
fuck her to several brutal orgasms then quickly move to fuck 
her throat again. Back and forth we completely overload Bella 
with breath control and orgasms.

We pull out the vibrator for the coup de grace, we make Bella 
cum so hard and often she is begging for us to stop. She has 
no power, mentally or physically to stop us from making her 
cum. She is broken, cumming and moaning for mercy. Just like 
we love them... 

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_09bella2/SexuallyBroken-Bella-Rossi-Matt-Williams-Bella-Rossi-mouth-is-gagged-open-rough-skull-fucking-dicked-down-from-behind-brutal-orgasms.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  


