Product Description
The Pee Squad is on patrol for a hot willing hole! Catch all the wet and wild kink action, as super amazing babes get gangbanged by up to 8 dudes at once while getting hosed down by each and every one of them with all the hot yellow piss they have before everyone gathers around to cover her with load after load of sticky white splooge! This Maxx Pack video is a must have for anyone into gangbanging or golden showers, so donΓÇÖt' miss out! 

More information at http://www.pee-squad.com/


Product Description
The Pee Squad is on patrol for a hot willing hole! Catch all the wet and wild kink action, as super amazing babes get gangbanged by up to 8 dudes at once while getting hosed down by each and every one of them with all the hot yellow piss they have before everyone gathers around to cover her with load after load of sticky white splooge! This Maxx Pack video is a must have for anyone into gangbanging or golden showers, so don't' miss out!
More information at http://www.pee-squad.com/

 

 

ps2004-08-26 (d)
FEMALE PEE FANATIC	Marketa
PROFESSION	secretary
NUMBER OF PEE BOYS	12
PEE SUMMARY
No woman can say no to our peesquad. These guys really know what they like and they are successful with all women they fucked. Now we have here business lady, working hard all days. She wants to relax by sex with our guys, and she knows that after great sex, there is only one better thing... Yes, hot, gold, exciting shower...
 

 


File Length  :156 MB
File Sort    :AVI
Size            :512x384
Duration 00:22:48
 

 


ps2004-09-02 (e)
FEMALE PEE FANATIC Theresa 
PROFESSION :bank officer
NUMBER OF PEE BOYS  12
PEE SUMMARY
Our peesquad visited lady from bank, probably because of her debts. But finally the meeting was about something really different. So today you can see what can happen if you are going to solve debts... Lot of hard cocks, just one pussy and one long tongue... And as bonus for barnacle people we have some gold shower...
 

 

File Length  :171MB
File Sort    :AVI
Size            :512x384
Duration 00:25:00
 

 


ps2004-09-09 (f)
FEMALE PEE FANATIC  Lil
PROFESSION manager
NUMBER OF PEE BOYSPEE SUMMARYFrom theatre to fucking, from Hamlet to pussy orgy, from champagne party to pee party. Yes peesquad is here again, in action with sexy lady, her deep pussy, long tongue and litres of pee splashing all over her hot body...
 

 

File Length  :145 MB
File Sort    :AVI
Size            :512x384
Duration 00:21:15

 
http://t.imgbox.com/abvj6Nis.jpg
  
http://t.imgbox.com/adfnE2eP.jpg 
http://t.imgbox.com/abudZHLM.jpg