Description
The most advanced app for Euro 2012 - incredibly detailed player stats & team H2H comparison, live alerts & more!

We're now a bestselling app - Top 2 sports in the UK, Ireland, Canada and Poland!

★★★★★ THE GUARDIAN: "Euro 2012+ is at the top end of the table (...) A Statto's delight."★★★★★ 148Apps.com: "unparalleled in what it offers (…) The app offers pretty much everything any soccer fan could want during the tournament. (…) fans won’t need another app when they have this."★★★★★ "All-in-all, this is a must-have app for any footie fan out there. Yes, there are free alternatives you can get, saving yourself a whopping 0.79c, however, they come nowhere near the Euro 2012+ App. So if you are serious about football, get your ass on over to the App Store and buy this – I promise you – you will not be disappointed. " - Bachelor Magazine

★★★★★ "...the best on the market for its price, even head to head against the freebies (…) 4.5/5 Fun and easy to use, thoroughly informative, it’s easy to see why its flying to the top of the download charts" - thesportsarena.ie

(this app was formerly known as Total Euro 2012)

See our walkthrough video at

The ONLY app to provide you with the TOTAL EURO 2012 EXPERIENCE

★ INCREDIBLY DETAILED HEAD 2 HEAD COMPARISON of all teams - recent matches, past Euro / World Cup performance and more! ★

★ IN-DEPTH STATISTICS ABOUT EACH AND EVERY PLAYER - performance in the last two seasons & recent matches ★ 

★ LIVE UPDATES - lineup and formations ahead of the game, live commentary & stats + push notifications (coming soon) and post-game video highlights! ★

★ all of it wrapped up in a TRULY BEAUTIFUL, easy to navigate DESIGN. ★

At last, here's an app which gives you easy access to all the information you'll ever need during Euro 2012!


- configure alerts ("push notifications") for key events during each game

So what are you waiting for? Do yourself a favour and get the best, complete, EURO 2012+ app out there - why settle for less?
... Show More
What's new in Version 1.3
Get ready for Euro 2012 with alerts (push notifications) and live results, commentary, team lineups, formations and highlights!

We've also fixed a bug that affected the display of dates on certain iphone settings.