Truth to be told Niagara Falls/Buffalo is not a US City only as it also covers quite a bit of Canada, but anyway: Being one of the world`s greatest tourist attractions on the borderline between Canada and the United States, Niagara Falls will amaze you! The scenery comes with unprecedented detail in effects , animations and awe inspiring views.
There are three main helipads in the scenery, the major one for sightseeing flights on the Canadian side, a smaller one very close to the Falls on the US side of the river and a medical rooftop pad on the Women and Children’s Hospital in Buffalo. Furthermore the package includes a bunch of International Airports and small airfields in the area in nice detail.
US Cities X is a series of city scenery for FSX that covers US cities created by LimeSim. Based on an extensive aerial image it will have all the major buildings and landmarks plus all the airports and heliports that are inside the covered areas.
It is clearly intended to fill the gap between the default scenery and very high dense city scenery such as Manhattan X, London VFR or Venice X. Because the file size is rather large due to the ground image it only includes one season (in most cases this is not a real issue) and no night textures. The VFR flights over these cities are mostly a day time affair anyway.
Features:
 Aerial image coverage with up to 15cm/pix resolution (see attached Google Earth file)
 More than 850 major buildings included
 About 70,000 autogen buildings placed realistically
 Extremely realistic animations of the Falls
 Scheduled sightseeing boats going to the falls
 Many sightseeing around the Falls like:
 Skylon Tower with animated outside elevators
 Marineland with animated -2G tower (check out the Orcas!)
 Rainbow and other bridges crossing Niagara River
 Spanish Cable Car crossing “the Whirlpool”
 SkyWheel
 Captive Balloon (animated)
 Prospect viewing platform
 Hydro plants
 Major airports in and around the city are covered with new ground images (no new building structures added):
 KBUF – Buffalo Niagara International Airport
 KIAG – Niagara Falls International Airport
 D77 – Buffalo-Lancaster
 0G0 – North Buffalo Suburban Airport
 9G0 – Buffalo Airfield
 CNJ3 – Ft Erie
 NY49 – Mesmer
 77NY – Pendleton Airpark
 79NY – Smith
 62NZ – Lockport Cambria
 85N – Hollands Intl Field
 D80 – Olcott-Newfane
 63NY – Shear
 NY24 – Taylor
 5 heliports:
 CNF9 – Niagara Helicopters (high detail)
 INK80 – Rainbow Helicopters Niagara (high detail)
 7NK2 – Buffalo Women and Children’s Hospital Helipad
 CNF7 – Niagara Falls Fire Station No.1
 CNJ3 – Ft Erie Helipad (part of the airport)
 Sound effects like downtown- and highway traffic, the waterfalls...
 Traffic on most major roads
 Low price, very good value for money
 Includes a separate Scenery Density tool
View aerial coverage >> Download KMZ-file <<
Google Earth is required for viewing this file. Download it for free here: http://earth.google.com
System requirements:
 Microsoft Flight Simulator X (Acceleration or SP2)
 Windows XP, Windows VISTA, Windows 7 (fully updated)
 Intel Core 2 Duo E6850 CPU (Core 2 Quad advised)
 2 GB RAM
 Direct X 9 compatible Graphics Card with minimal 512 MB
 Adobe Acrobat Reader 8 minimal to read and print the manual