#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	12-24-12
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Open Lines, Santa Claus

In this Christmas Eve Special, George Noory was joined by Santa Claus (Sal Lizard) in the first hour. Lizard, who has been playing Santa Claus professionally for over 20 years, shared some of his favorite memories, as well as observations. He's found that the true meaning of Christmas has to do with the spirit of generosity, where in some cases people make anonymous donations or gifts in the mode of a "Secret Santa." Discussing his profound visits to children's hospitals, he said "you don't ask a sick child what they want. All they want to do is get well and go home." He also talked about doing "pajama visits," where he puts presents under the tree, and the children catch him in the act, but the parents hurry the children off to bed, before Santa sees them.

The rest of the evening featured Open Lines, with callers telling memorable Christmas stories, as well as holiday miracles. There were also a series of special guests phoning-in throughout the night, led off by George's mother, who remarked that the best Christmas gift is one that money can't buy. George's son Jonathan, and daughter Kristi also called in, along with Christian Wilde (a recording of his version of Oh Holy Night was played), Joshua P. Warren, Richard C. Hoagland & Dr. Robin Falkov, and Dannion Brinkley. Lionel Fanthorpe's recording of Twas the Night Before Christmas, and a greeting from Pat Boone were also featured.

Notorious caller J.C. shared his version of "Christmas cheer" with a frantic rant about Santa being an avatar of Satan (their names have the same letters). Santa is a slovenly pig gorging himself all night on cookies and milk, and he's stolen Jesus' birthday, J.C. declared before angrily hanging up.

News segment guests: Mitch Battros, Jeffrey Smith
Website(s):

    beingsantaclaus.com

Book(s):

    Being Santa Claus

Bumper Music

Bumper music from Monday December 24, 2012

    Midnight Express (The Chase)
    Giorgio Moroder

    Here Comes Santa Claus (Right Down Santa Claus Lane)
    Elvis Presley

    Santa Claus Is Coming To Town
    Chicago

    I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus
    John Mellencamp

    Run Rudolph Run
    Chuck Berry

    Winter Wonderland
    Johnny Mathis

    A Holly Jolly Christmas
    Burl Ives

    Silver Bells
    Olivia Newton-John

    Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas
    Ella Fitzgerald

    Let There Be Peace On Earth
    Lyn Alejandrino Hopkins

    O Little Town Of Bethlehem
    Alabama

    It Came Upon a Midnight Clear
    Carpenters

    Jingle Bells
    Partridge Family

    Happy Christmas
    Andy Williams

    Inca Dance
    Cusco


Merry Christmas to the entire Coast to Coast AM Family!
