Follow my uploads here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


All your expenses at a glance.
My Budget Book is not a normal household accounts book.
This app helps you keep track of you expenditures and earnings and manage your money more effectively.

Use the individual transfers and standing orders feature to get an idea of your expenses over the next couple of months and see how much money you have available to spend. The app also gives you a graphical overview of the information, making it easier to plan (larger) purchases over the up-coming months.

We all know what it feels like to want to buy something but not know whether you can afford it. Use My Budget Book to see your current balance as well as how many bills you have to pay before the end of the month.

Features:

    Easy access. No internet connection required - No registration!
    Available in 10 languages (At the moment the moment the app language is based on your telephone settings).
    See this monthΓÇÖs balance when the app starts up.
    The graphical overview is perfect for planning your expenses over the upcoming of months.
    Customize the overview by changing the number of past and future months that are displayed.
    Manage more than one account - Record you earnings and expenses across all accounts.
    Visualise the statistics as a table or graph and see where your money has gone by categorising all earnings and expenses.
    Filter your earnings and expenses according to months, quarters or whole years.
    Use the powerful search function to look for specific expenses and/or time periods.
    Carry your balance over into the next month. 
    Manage standing orders so you can plan ahead for the upcoming months.
    Create templates to make inputting your expenses is even easier.
    Add further main and sub-categories to get a better overview of your expenses
    Use the notepad to monitor important expenses.
    Protect your data by activating password protection.
    Export your data in HTML or CSV Format (on an SD card).
    Create backups so you never lose your data.
    Import your existing data using the CSV import function (Just move the CSV file to the folder "SDCard/My Budget Book" and import it via the app settings (Import of other formats will be made available by request).

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 15, 2012)

    The backups have been revised and are now created faster and use less memory and the problems with special characters have been fixed. In addition, a (configurable) automatic backup when closing the app via the back button is created. Your data is protected even better.
    If you want to use the app as a single user across multiple devices, please note the new menu item synchronization of the integrated instructions.
    The currencies have been completely revised.
    For questions, please send a mail.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                By bobiras2009		
