Band: Liverpool Echo
Album: Liverpool Echo
Year: 1973/2005
Country: UK
Genre: Power Pop Rock

Tracklist:

01. You Might As Well Surrender
02. Girl Said To Me
03. You Know It Feels Right
04. No Not Again
05. Seems Like Today Will Never End
06. Gone Gone Gone
07. If I Told You Once
08. Girl On The Train
09. Sally Works Nights
10. No More Tomorrows
11. Don't You Know I've Been Lying
12. Another Night Alone

Line-up:
Martin Briley - lead guitar, vocals
Herbie Flowers - bass guitar
Clem Cattini - drums
Brian Engel - acoustic guitar, harmonica, vocals
Andrew Pryce Jackman - keyboards


Power pop has never sounded so powerful! When former Mandrake Paddlesteamer mainstays Brian Engel and Martin Briley convened as Liverpool Echo in 1973, the Beatles had been in the grave for just three years, and the world still desperately wanted them back -- so desperately that, with a band name borrowed bodily from an old Merseybeat-era newspaper, what could any record company do, but lift a "Fabs"-headlined copy of the paper for an album cover? But "Beatles Come Home So Quietly" really wasn't the most appropriate banner for an LP jacket, all the more so since, once you hit the vinyl, the spirit of the "Moptops" hung so heavily over the music that it screamed out for attention. Of course, it was true that any early-'70s band that was capable of melding melody with studio-borne creativity would inevitably be tarred "the new Beatles" (as Badfinger and 10cc would readily testify); it is also true that all such comparisons were then hopelessly devalued by the arrival of the Rutles. But still Liverpool Echo have an uncanny grasp of the Merseybeat sound circa 1963 and 64, spliced with a healthy hint of the Hollies, and that was more than enough to raise high hopes for the album. Unfortunately, hope was all that the record label (Spark) could do. They certainly had no promotion or distribution muscle to speak of, and both band and LP sank within seconds, to lie forgotten until Revola revived it (with excellent Mark A Johnston liner notes) in 2005.
