
Greg Gleason - Theater Close-Up vol.2 - DVDRip Xvid
 
http://www.penguinmagic.com/p/S7825

HOT SHOT OPENER - The wrong card jumps out of the deck and magically 
changes into the selected card. Even if you can't do Daryl's Hot Shot Cut, 
you will be able to do this.

MATRIX EXPLOSION - A matrix routine where four fifty-cent pieces magically 
appear, assemble under one card, and then multiply until twelve coins 
magically appear and cover the mat. This routine uses no gimmicked coins, 
gimmicked cards, or gimmicked mat or any other gimmicks!

OSC - The overhand shuffle shift control. Greg's multiple Shift technique 
allowing you to control four cards from four different parts of the deck 
with the overhand shuffle.

BANNED FROM VEGAS - A fantastic routine where four aces are lost in the 
deck with several shuffles including one with half the cards face up and 
half face down. When the cards are spread every card is face down except 
the four aces in the center of the spread.

OSC FULL DECK CONTROL - With this control you can retain an entire deck 
stack while apparently losing the four aces into different parts of the 
deck with an overhand shuffle and riffle shuffle.

INVISIBLE CARD - The invisible deck routine with a straight deck. 
Spectator shuffles the deck, thinks of a card, the deck is spread, one 
card is reversed. It is the spectator's card. Unbelievable! You will 
always use this.

THE LOCK UP - A selected card visually appears under a combination dial 
that was placed on top of the face-up deck. The dial is then turned 
locking the cards into a solid block.

SIGNED CARD TO SEALED DECK - A card is selected and signed by several 
people from a blue backed deck and lost in the deck. The deck is spread 
revealing the selected card face up, however, there are no signatures. The 
card is turned over to reveal it has a red back. The magician immediately 
removes a sealed red deck, shows ALL sides, removes the cellophane, breaks 
the seal, and removes the deck. The signed blue card is found to have 
replaced the red mate in its exact position!!! This routine is worth the 
price of both DVDs!

Running Time Approximately 63 min.

----------------------------------------------
You can download the full DVDs and the rest 
of the series on Usenet at alt.binaries.magic 
(see the included pdf in this download).
----------------------------------------------

Enjoy!