Point Blank by Tahadi Games

Release Date: August 16, 2012


INTRODUCTION:

Point Blank will test your skills as gamer with fast paced action, precision shooting, and twitch response times. Point Blank's graphics, surround sound, and camera effects will put you in the middle of the action and test your skills at a whole new level. Lock and load!

STORY:

oint Blank takes place in the country of Korogese. Since its inception, Korogese has risen through the ranks of global power at a meteoric rate. So fast, that the piecemeal government can no longer sustain itself and has been taken over by the massive corporations and merchants that grew out of its success. Now that the country has matured, and the populace is at peace, these same corporations are seeking to disarm the general populace with the promise of laws to protect the innocent and police to keep the peace.

But not all are so willing to accept this new form of peace. A group of rebels have risen from the ranks of the old defenders that kept their borders safe during their rise to power and formed a militia bent on making sure the corporations of Korogese never control the government. They refuse to be disarmed and will not listen to the will of the country's corporate masters. Calling on the tactics and skills that gave them the power to maintain the country's peace in years passed, they now seek to dismantle the machinations of the powerful corporations and merchants through guerilla warfare.

From the corporations came Aegis Inc, a powerful, highly trained, para-military group that seeks to create a utopian society. From the groups of civilian rebels arose the The Corps, a skilled militia that holds to their rights as citizens and the upholders of the original Korogesian government. Both are fighting for their country, both are struggling to survive. Choose your side!


GAME GUIDE:

The game guide can be found below:
  
http://pb.tahadi.com/en/game-guide


DOWNLOAD LINKS FOR THE GAME:
  
http://pb.tahadi.com/en/download

INSTALL NOTES:

1. Install the game
2. Register here with your email: http://join.tahadi.com/pointblank
3. Validate your Email
4. Run the game and update the game
5. After the update, press start to play the game



SYSTEM REQUIREMENT:

Recommended Requirements 
	
Windows System NT/2000/XP/7
P4 3.0GHZ / Athlon 3000+ 	
Geforce 6600 / Radeon X600 	
1GB RAM 	
DirectX 9.0C

Minimum Requirements

Windows System NT/2000/XP/7
P4 2.4 GHZ / Athlon 2500+
Geforce 5700/ Radeon9600
512MB RAM		