Letters to God (Christian Movie)


A Wonderful touching True story.

A boozing postal worker finds his life turned upside down by a boy struggling with cancer. Young Tyler Doherty faces his cancer with a strong spirit and good humor, and maintains his faith by writing letters to God - letters that the neighborhood's new mailman, Brady McDaniels, doesn't know how to handle. Gradually, McDaniels finds himself drawn into the Doherty family's life. Letters to God is earnest and family friendly, with moments of slapstick humor. 

This movie shows us how we should trust in God at our most difficult time. Often people feel that it is the end of the road and there is no other ways out. However we fail to realize that he is control. Even if we feel we are useless, God can use us to bring light to others and bring the lost to know him. 

Runtime: 114 mins
Language: English
Year: 2010
My Rating: 10/10
Quality: 10/10 
Format: avi format 

I would ask every Christian to do 2 things.

1. If possible please buy this movie. Do you know that there are 2.2 billion Christians on earth today. But only a privileged few, around 12% have the means and the accessibility to buy Christian films. Many Christians are too poor to buy movies or live in places where Christian films are not available. 
That's not all. Out of the 12% who have the means and accessibility to buy Christian media, only around 0.5% ever buys a Christian movie. In other words only 1 out of 200 Christians ever buys a Christian movie. Pathetic isn't it?
Please buy the movies to keep Christian films in business.

2. Please seed the movies for as long as possible. If possible make copies and distribute to your poor neighbors. And please do pray for the movie makers and their families. Remember the Kingdom of Heaven is in you and so is the choice of Heaven/Hell. 

PS: If you need any specific Christian movie or have something to say then kindly send a mail to indianchristian2009@yahoo.co.in
Kindly mention the subject as Christian Movies or something similar. 

"Don't ask me what Christ can do for you! He has done all he could. Tell me what you can do for Christ?"

Uploaded by Indian Christian
