This is a Release of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy (2011) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.43GB.
The Release includes:
-Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy (2011) DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB
-Special Features:
	-Behind The Scenes
	-Trailer
- Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy (2011) FRONT & BACK DVD COVERS

That’s the WHOLE Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy DVD ripped for YOU TO ENJOY including ALL the SPECIAL FEATURES!!! Please seed! Cheers…vladtepes3176

PLOT: Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a 2011 Anglo-French espionage film directed by Tomas Alfredson, from a screenplay written by Bridget O'Connor and Peter Straughan based on the 1974 novel Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy by John le Carré. The film stars Gary Oldmanas George Smiley, and co-stars Colin Firth, Tom Hardy, John Hurt, Toby Jones, Mark Strong, Benedict Cumberbatch and Ciarán Hinds. Set in London in the early 1970s, the story follows the hunt for a Soviet double agent at the top of the British secret service.

CAST: 
Gary Oldman as George Smiley, "Beggarman"
Colin Firth as Bill Haydon, "Tailor"
Tom Hardy as Ricki Tarr
Mark Strong as Jim Prideaux

DETAILS:
English
Run Time: 2hrs and 7 minutes
IMDB: tt1340800

PRODUCT DETAILS: Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy finds George Smiley (Gary Oldman), a recently retired MI6 agent, doing his best to adjust to a life outside the secret service. However, when a disgraced agent reappears with information concerning a mole at the heart of the service, Smiley is drawn back into the murky field of espionage. Tasked with investigating which of his trusted former colleagues has chosen to betray him and their country, Smiley narrows his search to four suspects - all experienced, skilled and successful agents - but past histories, rivalries and friendships make it far from easy to pinpoint the man who is eating away at the heart of the British establishment.

An acting masterclass from the crème de la crème of British film (Colin Firth (The King's Speech), Tom Hardy (Inception), Mark Strong (Kick Ass), Benedict Cumberbatch (Sherlock) and inspired direction from Let the Right One In’s Tomas Alfredson make this gripping and tense adaptation of John le Carré’s classic spy novel essential viewing.

Please SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176
