UKTV - Australia: The Time Traveller's Guide (2012)



Information
Australia: The Time Traveller's Guide
Richard Smith takes us from the birth of the solar system to the modern world, and tells an Australian story that spans 4.6million years. When Europeans first stepped into the island of Australia they saw it as a young country, but nothing could have been farther from the truth. In reality, Australia is a land with the oldest rocks and oldest fossils on Earth, all harbouring secrets from the time when the planet was being formed. Scattered around the sunburnt face of the country, there are clues and enigmas that reveal our planetΓÇÖs deep past: remains of vast reef systems, bold footprints of bygone creatures, remnants of prehistoric jungles and long, forgotten ancestors. Richard travels around this enormous country, following the ancient clues to unlock the secrets of time. Aided by stunning natural landscapes and state-of-the-art CGI, Australia: The Time TravellerΓÇÖs Guide brings to life ancient and terrifying animals, as well as RichardΓÇÖs voyage to the beginning of time itself.

Part 1: Early Days
Of all continents on Earth, none preserve the story of the formation of our planet and the evolution of life quite like Australia. Nowhere else can you simply jump in a car and travel back through the entire history of the world. Australia: The Time Traveller's Guide takes you on a rollicking adventure from the birth of the Earth to the emergence of the world we know today. Buckle up for a rocky ride down the Road of Time with series host Dr Richard Smith. Over four one-hour episodes, we meet titanic dinosaurs and giant kangaroos, sea monsters and prehistoric crustaceans, disappearing mountains and exploding asteroids. Epic in scope, intimate in nature, this is the untold story of the land Down Under, the one island continent that has got it all. So join the good Doctor for the ultimate outback road trip: an exploration of the history of the planet as seen through the mind-altering window of the Australian continent. In this first episode, Dr Richard Smith guides us through the early years of the Earth's formation, from the Hadean period onwards.

Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 2053 kbps
Video Resolution: 720 x 400
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.800 (16:9)
Frames Per Second: 25
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3)
Audio Bitrate: 128 kb/s AC3 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: English
RunTime Per Part: 45.Mins
Number Of Parts: 4
Part Size: 701 MB
Encoded by: Harry65
Source: PDTV