Auto brightness that works.

---

Lux isn't your ordinary brightness app. It intelligently adjusts the brightness of your display based on the environment you're in. If, for example, you step into a dimly lit room, Lux will automatically lower the brightness of your display to make it not only comfortable to read, but to also preserve battery power.

Lux provides the option to automatically adjust the backlight at fixed intervals (periodic mode), when a change in environment is detected (dynamic mode), or when the phone wakes from sleep. It's also possible to adjust the backlight manually. Simply disable automatic mode and you can use it like a traditional brightness tool!

Perhaps the best thing about Lux is that you can teach it how to behave. If the backlight is too bright or dim for your liking, simply open the provided Dashboard, adjust the brightness slider to the level you desire, then hold the link button. Lux will use this new 'link' as a reference in future.

Give it a go! I want you to test Lux for more than the 15 minute refund period offered by Google. I understand that some devices may not have the best quality light sensor, and that you may need more time to play around with settings. If you find that Lux doesn't suit you after the 15 minutes is up, you can request a refund at any time via e-mail - no questions asked.

DO NOT request features, report bugs, or ask for assistance in your review. I can't reply to them! Please e-mail me instead.

★FEATURES★
■ Custom auto brightness.
■ Sub-zero brightness to make reading in the dark significantly less irritating.
■ Battery efficient
■ Handy brightness widget
■ Option to use the camera to read in ambient light.
■ Power-user settings such as choice of interpolation, sensor debugging, and linked sample editing.
■ Backup to SD.
■ Customisable data filtering for phones with inaccurate light sensors.
■ Gradual fade effect for backlight adjustments.
■ Astronomer mode adds a red filter to the screen to preserve the eyesight of stargazers.
■ Jitter control to prevent constant small changes to the backlight.
■ Night mode, to change the colour temperature of the display for comfortable night time viewing.
■ Add app specific exceptions via compatibility mode
■ No ads, or other nuisances.
■ [new] Tasker and Locale support!

Note: Please disable other brightness apps before using Lux. The author is not liable for any issues caused when using this app.

READ_PHONE_STATE permission is now required to prevent Lux from interfering with phone controls in Android 4.1.