
  RELEASE NOTES                                                     
                                                                       
                                                                         
 Detailed physics underpin a huge variety of challenges set throughout   
 the history of this landmark automotive brand. Painstakingly detailed   
 cars and tracks reflect visceral damage as races wear on, an acute      
 sense of speed communicates the power of these highly tuned vehicles,   
 as advanced AI challenges even the most experienced driver.             
                                                                         
 Features:                                                               
                                                                         
 Extensive Online Competition - Single and Multiplayer integration with  
 a selection of racing styles. Up to 8 players can join a single race.   
                                                                         
 36 Circuits, Including Variations - GP circuits, test circuits, and     
 bonus circuits; a wide variety of driving environments to reflect the   
 best driving the world has to offer. Tracks from the past and present.  
                                                                         
 Over 50 Stunningly Detailed Cars - The greatest modern and classic      
 Ferrari models are lovingly rendered inside and out ΓÇô including working 
 switchgear and visible engines.                                         
                                                                         
 Campaign Mode - Players experience the rich history of the Ferrari      
 brand as they unlock tracks and cars throughout Ferrari's history.      
                                                                         
 Circuits unlocked during the campaign can be raced subsequently using   
 any available cars.                                                     


 INSTALL NOTES   
   
1. Install Game                                                   
2. When you are prompted to install Games for Windows live , don`t skip it   
3. Create                                                              
4. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as      
secure/trusted in your antivirus program                             
5. Play the game                                                        
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!            
                                                                         


   ADDITIONAL NOTES   

Remember to create a Game for Windows Live offline account, in order to 
be able to load/save.  

More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=14957.0



We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 



AviaRa Team                                                 


