Title: Binary Domain
Retail Date: 23/02/12
Platform: XBOX360
Region: RF
Genre: Action Adventure

Binary Domain takes you to Japan in the year 2080, where you'll need to regain control as 
a robotic threat threatens to take over, leaving humanity obsolete in this intense 3rd 
person squad based shooter from the brilliant mind of Toshiri Nagoshi.

As Dan Marshall, you and your squad must rise to the challenge and stop the mechanical 
menace before it's too late. But when is too late?

You'll encounter highly intelligent enemies that will have you thinking on your feet as they 
try to outmanoeuvre you at every turn as they try to stop you and your team. You'll need to 
think fast and shoot faster as you guide your earn through real-time moral decisions and earn 
their trust in order to lead them more effectively.

Tokyo times: You'll see two very different Tokyos, the run down and decaying slums below and 
clean and wealthy new city above.

Consequence system: Even when you're under fire, you'll need to make moral decisions that will 
affect the outcome of mission.

Procedural damage: You'll need to find your enemies weaknesses to take them out more effectively 
as your enemies will adapt the way they fight as you damage non-essential areas of their bodies.

Weapons and skills: You may have the most advanced weapons, but without the right skills you won't
be able to use them effectively.

Complimenting Binary Domain's Single player campaign you'll find an impressive multiplayer with 
different modes and Character classes available for you to sink your teeth into

Data capture: Your team must capture the oppositions Data Capsule that contains valuable 
information. Steal the Data Module and return it to your base in order to score. Supports up to 
10 players.

Domain control: Gain control of the areas in enemy hands before the time runs out, but be warned, 
the enemy will be dug in and won't give up their areas without a fight. Supports up to 10 players.

Team survival: No territories or modules to capture in this intense mode as to win you must have 
the last player standing on your team. Supports up to 10 players.

Operation: Defend or destroy are the aims of Operation. One team must destroy the supplies whilst 
the other defends, but with the objectives changing you must be quick to adapt. Supports up to 
10 players.

Invasion: Work as a team to with stand the ongoing waves of Robotic attackers, but you'll have no 
sighs of relief when you complete a wave, as each wave will increase in difficulty. Supports up 
to 4 players.

Team Deathmatch: A classic mode where the only goal you have is kill your enemy more than they kill
you, team with the most kills at the end wins. Supports up to 10 players.

Free for all: As the name suggests, you'll have no friends here! It's everyman for themselves as 
you fight for supremacy over the other combatants. Supports up to 10 players.
