RCPowers.com - Scratchbuilder's Beginners Guide.

This is the offline version for your convenience. Everything you need to know to get you started in the right direction.

Chapter 1: Introduction (1:17 Video)
◦Learn the advantages of scratchbuilding.
◦Discover the best way to learn how to fly.
◦Reveal how much skill is needed to fly parkjets.
◦Uncover the minimum required parts to fly.

Chapter 2: Tools, Materials, and Setup (3:52 Video)
◦Find the best tools and workshop setup.
◦Explore multiple power system and control options.
◦Unfold the pros and cons of different configurations.
◦Discern the minimum needed parts to fly an RC jet.

Chapter 3: Cutting Foam (7:04 Video)
◦Learn how to use tiled and untiled PDF plans.
◦Uncover the best methods for cutting depron.
◦Reveal the simplicity behind Score/Fold tech.
◦Discover expert level short cuts.

Chapter 4: Installing Carbon (4:22 Video)
◦Determine the safest methods to cutting carbon fiber.
◦Explore the best choices for glueing down carbon.
◦Unfold time tested practices for embedding carbon into foam.
◦Discern the most effective carbon size for RC jets.

Chapter 5: Control Surfaces (3:59 Video)
◦Uncover the best methods for cutting control surfaces.
◦Reveal the best long-lasting materials to use as a hinge.
◦Learn how to have professional looking control surfaces.
◦Discover our favorite tips for installing control surfaces.

Chapter 6: 3D nose assembly (9:15 Video)
◦Unfold the secrets behind RCPowers unique 3D designs.
◦Determine how to correctly fold along scored lines.
◦Explore the best reinforcement methods for long lasting builds.
◦Discern the quickest methods to building 3D bodies.

Chapter 7: General Foam Assembly (6:54 Video)
◦Master the F-35 V2 build with ease.
◦Uncover depron reinforcing secrets we use.
◦Reveal the advantages of KF airfoils.
◦Learn how to install KF airfoils easily.

Chapter 8: Motor Mount & Control Horns (4:51 Video)
◦Explore how we attach control horns so they stay on forever.
◦Gain the edge on installing hatch magnets in seconds.
◦Determine the safest way to install motor mounts.
◦Discern time tested tips measuring control horn placement.

Chapter 9: Servos, Clevis & Control Rods (6:50 Video)
◦Learn the safest servos to use on RC jets.
◦Master servo torque and leverage.
◦Uncover quick, fool proof servo installation.
◦Reveal the advantages and needs for BECs.

Chapter 10: Wiring & Control Setup (5:10 Video)
◦Determine exact wiring diagrams for every useful setup.
◦Gain the advantages to using onboard mixers.
◦Explore how each control surface works and why it's needed.
◦Get the hang of setting up control surfaces for stable flight.

Chapter 11: Install motor & Finish Up (5:23 Video)
◦Uncover the best ways to adjust and check the CG.
◦Learn how to mount motors so they stay!
◦Unfold how to avoid the most common mistakes.
◦Reveal the most important part of flying, the pre-flight check.

Chapter 12: At the field (7:47 Video)
◦Explore how to find a safe place to fly in your neighborhood!
◦Determine the best tools to bring with you to the field.
◦Gain the advantages of the RCPowers field repair kit.
◦Get the hang of hand launching and flying the RC jet!

 And we’re not done yet, a ton of bonuses are included to help jump start your hobby. 
◦Our best selling V2 series PDF Plans: 

F-35 V2

F-18 V2

MiG-29 V2

F-22 V2

F-117 V2

EuroFighter V2

 There it all is, over 2 years of work by our small team here at RCPowers, given to you in a clean package. 

You can imagine the pride we have in being able to provide the most complete and up to date knowledge on scratchbuilding anywhere. 
