Hide IP Easy v5.1.6.6 
Hide IP Easy enables you to hide your real IP with a fake one, surf anonymously, prevent hackers from monitoring your activity, and provide full encryption of your online activity, all with the click of a button.

Anonymous Surfing With Hide IP Easy
Keeping your privacy is simple and easy. Use Hide IP Easy to keep your IP address hidden, ensure your privacy, provide full encryption of your online activity, and protect your identity and other personal information against hackers, all with a simple click of Hide IP button.

With Hide IP Easy, you can send anonymous emails, un-ban yourself from forums, Blogs, etc. Your identity is secure, protected, and anonymized. With it, you are able to be assigned one of our many fake proxy IP addresses which can be from different countries such as United States, United Kingdom, France, etc. Hide IP Easy works with Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Maxthon, MyIE and is compatible with all types of routers, firewalls, home networks, wireless networks and any other kind of Internet.

How It Works

Why Hide IP?
Everyone who is connected to the Internet has a unique IP address. This address could be easily and directly used to trace your home address and other personal information. It is absolutely normal and necessary for one to hide IP address like concealing any other personal information from the third parties.
   
How to Hide My IP
Using Hide IP Easy, you can just simply click Hide IP button and then you can get a fake IP from the proxy lists we provide, thus you can conceal your identity online and prevent hackers and prying eyes from knowing your true location or identity.

Key Features
* Anonymous Web Surfing
You are assigned fake IP addresses and protected from hackers who will be tricked by your fake IP instead of your real one.

* Protect Your Identity
Surf anonymously to prevent websites, identity thieves or even government from compromising your computer, tracking your online activities, tracing your exact location or intercepting your private financial information.

* Select Your Physical IP location
You decide fake IP of which country to use by choosing a country from the Choose IP Country window.

* Send Anonymous E-mails
Hide your real IP in E-mail headers. Be protected while sending emails from Yahoo!, Hotmail, GMail.

* Un-ban Yourself from Forums and Restricted Sites
Use Hide IP Easy to change your IP address and access forums and restricted sites that have ever banned you.

* Platform
Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)

Install Notes
1. Install the program, and do not run.
2. Copy the crack "HideIPEasy.exe" to prog dir, i.e."C:Program FilesHideIPEasy", and replace the original.
3. DONE!

Have a nice day 

Torrent Uploaded by Mr.Perfect