POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth





POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 72 - Science Under Attack


POtHS Comment: Science is mainly unproven theories.

Description:
The Rise and Fall of a Scientific Genius The Forgotten Story of Royal Raymond Rife:
See the staggering discoveries and work of Roy Rife which led him to a cure for cancer (among many other diseases) in 1934.  Hear Rife's own voice describe his breakthroughs and successes which shook the medical-pharmaceutical establishment to its core.

This all new, completely re-edited DVD version of the original two-part film by Shawn Montgomery, will leave you reeling with anger and shock at what has been withheld from all of us by men with an unbridled lust for profits and a complete disregard for the welfare of humanity.

"The Rise and Fall" shows how Rife's own brilliance led him to eventual ruin in the hands of the hopelessly corrupt American Medical Association, which did not and still does not want you to know his astonishing story. Countless millions of lives have been lost due to conflicting interests within the so-called Cancer Industry.


UFOTV Presents: Alternative 4 - i,ROBOT - Transhuman Invasion:
This program examines A relentless series of programs to refashion the human species to serve the ruling elite's cunning ambitions that has been underway since the time of Charles Darwin. The science of EUGENICS seeks to deliberately control the direction of human evolution following the rule of "Social Darwinism" and "survival of the fittest." Armed now with spectacular advancements in cybernetics, nano-technology, and robotics, this menacing science has spawned the "Age of Transitions", when artificial intelligence will ultimately replace and make obsolete humans as the dominant life-form of planet Earth!

UFOTV┬« Cat# U1125 - For More Information Go to http://www.UFOTV.com


BBC Horizon 2011 Science Under Attack:
Original Broadcast January 24 2011
Nobel Prize winner Sir Paul Nurse examines why science appears to be under attack, and why public trust in key scientific theories has been eroded - from the theory that man-made climate change is warming our planet, to the safety of GM food, or that HIV causes AIDS.

He interviews scientists and campaigners from both sides of the climate change debate, and travels to New York to meet Tony, who has HIV but doesn't believe that that the virus is responsible for AIDS.

This is a passionate defence of the importance of scientific evidence and the power of experiment, and a look at what scientists themselves need to do to earn trust in controversial areas of science in the 21st century.


The Shock Doctrine:

In THE SHOCK DOCTRINE, Naomi Klein explodes the myth that the global free market triumphed democratically. Exposing the thinking, the money trail and the puppet strings behind the world-changing crises and wars of the last four decades, The Shock Doctrine is the gripping story of how AmericaΓÇÖs ΓÇ£free marketΓÇ¥ policies have come to dominate the world-- through the exploitation of disaster-shocked people and countries.

Includes:

The Rise and Fall of a Scientific Genius The Forgotten Story of Royal Raymond Rife
Alternative 4 - i,ROBOT - Transhuman Invasion
BBC Horizon 2011 Science Under Attack
The Shock Doctrine
Shorts and More
Shorts
