The game is set some time after the original Epic Mickey. The Mad Doctor, whom Mickey defeated in the first game, mysteriously returns to the Wasteland, despite having been supposedly blown up. He claims to have realized the error of his ways, and offers to work with Oswald the Lucky Rabbit and the other residents of Wasteland to repair the damage recently caused by earthquakes in order to make amends.[3]
Giving him the benefit of the doubt, Oswald agrees. Becoming suspicious of the Mad Doctor's true intentions, however,Gus the Gremlin, Oswald's friend and advisor, and Ortensia, Oswald's girlfriend/wife, decide to contact Mickey Mouse, who saved the Wasteland in the first game, to ask for his help. They do so, sending a message to Mickey in the cartoon world of beloved, current characters.Mickey is awoken in the middle of the night to see Gus inside of his TV, which suddenly sucks him in, transporting him to the wizard Yen Sid's workshop. There, he retrieves his magic paint-and-thinner spraying brush, and proceeds to restore the portal to Wasteland that Yen Sid blocked up in the original to prevent Mickey returning. He jumps into the portal, and arrives in Wasteland, crash-landing in Dark Beauty Castle, where he is greeted by Gus, Oswald and Ortensia. Oswald tells the group that the Mad Doctor came to warn them of the Blotworx, a strange half-Blotling, half-Beetleworx species that is on its way to attack Wasteland. Before they can talk any more, however, another earthquake shakes the castle to pieces, and the group manage to escape by taking a train to Mean Street, where they find the Mad Doctor. He explains his intentions in song: he will create a new batch of reprogrammed Beetleworx to help with the cleanup. Mickey, however, remains suspicious. Armed with Mickey's paintbrush and Oswald's remote control, the pair proceed to clear up Mean Street's injuries from the earthquake. At Gus's suggestion, they talk to Gremlin Jamface about the quake, who refers them to Gremlin Prescott in OsTown. Mickey and Oswald head there, and meet up with Prescott, who appears to have undergone a significant personality change - he is now bitter and sarcastic. Mickey and Oswald fix up OsTown while Gus questions a suspiciously question-dodging Prescott.
Mickey and Oswald then make their way to Disney Gulch via the Rainbow Caverns, one of the first attractions built in Wasteland, and then onto the Mad Doctor's lair, where they are confronted by a giant robotic version of Elliott, the Pete's Dragon float from the Main Street Electrical Parade in Disneyland. Once he is defeated, the trio happens across the Mad Doctor again, whose robotic parts have begun to fall apart. As Gus fixes him up, he sings another song about his wish to become a toon. The four return to Mean Street, where Small Pete hails them and shows them a pair of gag teeth that he found wedged into one of the teleporting projector screens. Gus becomes further suspicious of Prescott (as he is the Gremlin in charge of the Gag Factory) and he suggests they visit Ghost Ian in Blot Alley, an area within Bog Easy, for advice.
The group rendevous with Ian, who sheds further light on Prescott and gives them the entry password for Club 13, a members-only nightclub which Prescott frequents. The trio head there, hoping to reveal the truth behind the Mad Doctor and Prescott.

Gameplay

The gameplay in Epic Mickey 2 closely resembles the gameplay of the first game. One of the biggest differences is that Oswald is now a second player and can help the other player through challenges either by being CPU controlled or by being played by an actual person. Oswald also uses a remote control that appeared in the first game to fight or befriend enemies, rather than a paintbrush, as Mickey uses. Oswald also has many other abilities, such as flying with his ears, detaching his feet, and so on. There are also some special abilities that can only be used when Mickey and Oswald are working together. Traveling through projector screens also remains, but in addition you can occasionally travel through mirrors.