


                   BORIS FX V10.0.1 MACOSX keygen only

[quote] seams that are people having trouble to use the other keygen in parellels or something like that... so here it is for your convinience the keygen for MAC enjoY!!![/quote]

Effects, Transitions, Image Processing, Paint, and Rotoscoping

With realistic lighting, advanced keying and color correction, image restoration tools, compositing, DVE, vector paint, and support for third-party After Effects filters, Boris FX is a great value for effects creation in your video editing software. Vector paint and spline tools allow you to create animatable masks and transitions. A built-in Library Browser is packed with high quality pre-made effects, and with over 220 filters from Boris Continuum Complete and Final Effects Complete, Boris FX gives you a comprehensive image processing filter suite. Create your own unique looks or draw from a vast library of presets and styles

Boris FX Key Features

    Over 220 Filters from Boris Continuum Complete and Filter Effects Complete
    Redesigned Custom User Interface with Dockable Tabbed Palettes
    Image Restoration & Retouching
    Full Suite of Color Correction Tools including new 3 Way Color Grade
    Foreground Object Removal
    3D Shapes such as Cylinders, Spheres and Cubes
    Spline Based Masking System
    Upstream and Downstream Masking
    Motion Blur
    Motion Tracking, Image Stabilization, and Corner Pinning
    Support for 3rd Party After Effects Plug-in Filters
    Library Browser with Hundreds of Preset Animations

Top New Features in Boris FX 10

Support for latest Adobe, Sony, and Grass Valley Releases

Boris FX 10 adds new support for Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 / CS5.5 (Mac and Windows), Sony Vegas Pro 11, and Grass Valley EDIUS 6. Adobe Premiere Pro CS4 is also supported.

User Interface and Workflow Enhancements include ergonomic, drag-and-drop panels and a curve editor for smooth parameter animation. In addition, many of the included Boris Continuum Complete and Final Effects Complete filters include a new Compare Mode feature that lets you compare the filtered result with the unfiltered source via either a side-by-side view or a live split-screen view.

Installation

-  Next open the zip file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as StuffitExpander and extract.

. Install BorisFX Product

. Use XFORCE keygen to generate your Serial
..  Proceed with installation ...

. Start BorisFX product, at the registration screen select Unlock
...  Generate your Activation code using XFORCE Keygen

                                   . That's it, EnjoY!!!





