English | CBR | 6 Issues

Frank Miller's Sin City v1-6 (2010)
Publisher:  Dark Horse
Publication Date:  October 20, 2010 - December 1, 2010

The Sin City graphic novels are among the most widely acclaimed comics in history, but Frank Miller is also a master of the quick and dirty yarn. 

Frank Miller's Sin City v1: The Hard Goodbye (2010)
The first volume of the crime-comic megahit that introduced the now-infamous Marv and spawned a blockbuster film returns in a newly redesigned edition, with a brand-new cover by Frank Miller-some of his first comics art in years! It's a lousy room in a lousy part of a lousy town. But Marv doesn't care. There's an angel in the room. She says her name is Goldie. A few hours later, Goldie's dead without a mark on her perfect body, and the cops are coming before anyone but Marv could know she's been killed. Somebody paid good money for this frame . . .

Frank Miller's Sin City v2: A Dame to Kill For (2010)
The second volume of Frank Miller's signature series is now planned as the lead story in the upcoming Sin City 2! This newly redesigned edition sports a new cover by Miller- some of his first comics art in years! Stuck with nothing but a seedy gumshoe job and some demons, Dwight's thinking of all the ways he's screwed up and what he'd give for one clear chance to wipe the slate clean, to dig his way out of the numb gray hell that is his life. And he'd give anything. Just to feel the fire. One more time. But he can't let himself lose control again, can't ever let the monster out. And then Ava calls.

Frank Miller's Sin City v3: The Big Fat Kill (2010)
One of Sin City's most fascinatingly conflicted characters, Dwight, returns in The Big Fat Kill, the third volume of Frank Miller's seminal noir comic and the inspiration for one of the segments of the blockbuster Sin City film! For Dwight, sometimes standing up for his friends means killing a whole lot of people . . . Not for revenge. Not because they deserve it. Not because it'll make the world a better place. There's nothing righteous or noble about it. Dwight's gotta kill them because he needs them dead.

Frank Miller's Sin City v4: That Yellow Bastard (2010)
Frank Miller changes the game in the fourth volume of his signature crime series, introducing the only truly heroic figure in Sin City's world of vice, Detective Hartigan. A highlight of the series, and the inspiration for one of the segments of the blockbuster Sin City film, That Yellow Bastard returns in a newly redesigned edition, with a brand-new cover by Miller-some of his first comics art in years!

The worst thing to be in Basin City is an honest cop, but it's Hartigan's last day on the job, and he plans to go out with a bang. Little Nancy Callahan, age eleven, has been kidnapped by a psycho who likes to hear children scream, and Hartigan's going to find her no matter what it takes. No matter who the psycho's daddy is. All the prison time in the world won't change that. Hell of a way to start retirement. 

Frank Miller's Sin City v5: Family Values (2010) [Dark Horse]
Frank Miller's first-ever original graphic novel is one of Sin City's nastiest yarns to date! Starring fan-favorite characters Dwight and Miho, this newly redesigned edition sports a brand-new cover by Miller, some of his first comics art in years!

There's a kind of debt you can't ever pay off, not entirely. And that's the kind of debt Dwight owes Gail. The girls of Old Town have their own family values, their own laws-and when someone too dumb to know better breaks them, an example needs to be set. Dwight's got his own reasons for taking the job, and deadly little Miho . . . Miho likes to play with them a little first.

Frank Miller's Sin City v6: Booze, Broads, and Bullets (2010) 
Collected in this sixth volume of his crime-comic megahit are all of Miller's Sin City shorts and one-shots, newly redesigned with a brand-new cover by Miller, some of his first comics art in years!  Collecting classics like 'Just Another Saturday Night' and 'Silent Night,' both starring the iconic big lug with a condition, Marv; 'The Customer Is Always Right,' featured in the Sin City film; and 'The Babe Wore Red,' starring Sin City's most enduring hero, Dwight; Booze, Broads, and Bullets spans every kind of dark business you might encounter on a cold night in Basin City. It's sure to scratch your Sin City itch again and again, in just that way that makes you itch for more.