Wreck the Halls: Cake Wrecks Gets "Festive" 
by Jen Yates
Andrews McMeel Publishing | October 2011 | ISBN-10: 1449407757 | ePUB | 51.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Wreck-Halls-Cake-Wrecks-Festive/dp/B007HVZMFS

Award-winning blogger Jen Yates has focused on confectionery calamities at her popular Web sitesince May 2008, while her debut book, Cake Wrecks: When Professional Cakes Go Hilariously Wrong, quickly climbed the charts to become a New York Times best-seller within weeks of its release. Now, Yates is back with Wreck the Halls, a fresh mix of fan favorites and plenty of never-before-seen holiday wreckage.
From thankless Thanksgiving turkeys and confusing Christmas conundrums, to less-than-happy Hanukkah horrors and New Year's meltdowns, Wreck the Halls has an icing-smeared disaster for every occasion. With additional chapters on Black Friday, family communication, and navigating the murky waters of politically correct cake greetings ("Winter!"), Wreck the Halls combines Yates's signature blend of wit and sarcasm with the most hilarious frosting fails this side of winter solstice. Find sweet relief from the holiday madness (not to mention plenty of laughs) with Wreck the Halls.
Jen Yates has been a clown, a cash office accountant, a Jungle Cruise skipper, a business owner, a children's book inventory expeditor, and a house painter. She currently lives in Florida with her husband, John, and their cats Lily and Tonks. When not writing for her blog Cake Wrecks, Jen enjoys dessert first, quoting Ghostbusters, and talking about herself in the third person. She can also be found flaunting her flaming geekiness on her other blog, Epbot.

CONTENTS
Acknowledgments
The Disclaimers
Here We “Go”
Let’s Talk Turkey
It’s All Relative
Black Friday
Danger: High Yuletide
Child’s Play
Chappy Chanukah!
Holiday Wreck Creation
Winter, Underlined
Watch Me Be a Rebel
Santa Scare Tactics
Real Characters
’Twas the Night Before Christmas
Now We’re Eve’n’!
Signs and Wonders
About the Author