Vaughn Bod─ô (July 22, 1941 - July 18, 1975) was an artist involved in underground comics and graphic design. He is perhaps best known for his comic strip character Cheech Wizard and artwork depicting voluptuous women. He was inducted into the Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame for comics artists in 2006.

Cheech Wizard is a wizard whose large yellow hat (decorated with black and red stars) covers his entire body except his legs and his big red feet. He is usually depicted without arms. Cheech Wizard is constantly in search of a good party, cold beer, and attractive women. It is never actually revealed what Cheech Wizard looks like under the hat, or exactly what kind of creature he is. Characters pressing the issue generally are rewarded with a swift kick to the groin by Cheech.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everything by Vaughn Bode

Some of the strips and stories appear in more than one book, some don't. They may look better (or not) from one book to another depending on the original print quality and the resolution of the original scan.

Part of the restoration process is to make possible the enlargement of these images. As such, after you have opened the books in a comic book reader you should actually shrink them down to improve the image quality.

Cheech Wizard - Schizophrenia and Bode, plus Schizophrenia and Bode separated (all restored).
Last Gasp, 1973 (I believe)
In this book one story ran the regular direction across the top two-thirds of the page while a second story ran one turn to the right across the bottom third. I've included a restored version of the book as a whole. and a version where the two books have been edited to become separate pieces (because it's kind of a pain to rotate every page). Most of the 'Restorations' I've been doing show an immediate and obvious impact, sometimes startlingly so. But the 'Restoration' on this book was difficult. I'm satisfied with how it turned out in the end, but if anybody really hates it and asks for the original I will upload it as well.

The Collected Cheech Wizard
The Company and Sons, 1972 (I believe)
This one looks pretty good - I'm happy with it on the whole. The stories in this book contain several different styles or art, so the look changes each time the art changes.

The Complete Cheech Wizard Vol 1-4
Rip Off Press, 1986-1987
I struggled with the 'Restoration' of these books. So much so that I ended up doing portions of Vol 1 and 2 a page at a time. Large portions of the books look great, but in the end I was never happy with the look cover to cover. As such, I included the originals in the torrent as well.

The Epic Illustrated Adventures of Cheech Wizard
Beautiful color pages of Cheech Wizard's appearances in Epic Illustrated.

