Year of manufacture: 2001
Genre: RPG, Isometric, Hack'n'Slash
Developer: Blizzard Entertainment
Publisher: Blizzard Entertainment
Version: 1.13

Type of publication: Repak
Language Interface: English, Russian
Marvel's Language: English, Russian

System requirements:

Operating system: Windows 98/XP
Processor: 233 MHz
RAM: 64 MB
Video Card: DirectX
Sound device: there's Cho? But if Naidu?
Hard disk space: 2 GB + 1.7-1.4 GB of temporary files for the Russian version of

Game description:

In the last tale my grandfather told us about Blizzard provocative disassembly hail from Tristram. Then came a distribution of any evil, undead and other ill-wishers, we make the pogroms in the gardens. Local hero tirelessly handed slap kicks and foe, Whom the sword nakolet who will charge an arrow in his Adam's apple, and to whom, and to spell zhakhnet balls. I tried to FCP ... Up a sweat. And at the end of the narrative is so strengthened in body and spirit that has dared to break off the horns most infernal villain - Diablo. And still broke off. In fact, therefore, it was over ... and here it was not! Evil is not so easy to zaboresh. In fact, a fierce demon [spoiler] and [spoiler] in the [spoiler spoiler]! And now a new danger looming over the world. Yes pohlesche old - Diablo, it turns out, is not the only freak in the family! to rake this obscurantism will have new heroes. And here I just knew that this would happen ...

The game features:

» 7 unique characters to choose from
» 3 difficulty levels
» even more extraordinary replay value
» innumerable hordes of monsters
» mountains of diverse and valuable luta
» epic proportions
» 5 cities
» Diablo!Now

Features Repack:
The repack are:
» full English version of Diablo 2 Lord of Destruction with the addition of version 1.13 c.
» full Russian translation by Fargus

Additional components

BNGatewayEditor - Editor Battle.net gateways. Just in case you need to register a third party server.
D2SE Mod Manager - allows you to run with different versions of Diablo patch and mods.
DirectDraw Win7 - utility to fix the palette of the game under Windows Vista / 7.

Installation:

» Extact the Rar
»Run the Setup.exe
»Choose the Languages