Featuring:
• 3D Lens Flares with AE Lights
• Intuitive Design Interface
• Live Visual Preset Library
• Real Texture Support
• Dynamic Triggering Animations
• Chromatic Aberration
• Up to 32 bpc color support
What is Optical Flares?
Optical Flares is a plug-in for designing and animating realistic lens flares in After Effects.

Whats up guys here with another torrent in hear your getting not only Optical Flares but Pro Presets and Pro Presets 2

-------------------------------Optical Flares Installation Tutorial-----------------------------------------------

Step1. Open The Optical Flares 32 Bit or 64Bit Folder
Step2. Right Click the Optical Flares Folder and Copy
Step3. Go To Your Hardrive > Program Files or Program Files (x86) Which ever your After effects is installed > Adobe >Adobe After Effects Cs4 or Cs5 or Cs5.5 > Support Files > Plugins 
Step4. Now Right Click inside the Plugins Folder and paste
Step5. Now Open up your version of After Effects Cs4 - Cs5.5
Step6. Make a new Comp by hitting "Cntrl + N" 
Step7. Make a new solid by hitting "Cntrl + Y"
Step8. Go to Effects > Video Copilot > Optical Flares
Step9. Now it should already be patched and the full version but if not then you will be getting a hardware fingerprint 
Step10. Simply copy the whole Hardware finger print code then close after effects fully
Step11. Now go back to the folder called Optical Flares Windows 
Step12. Go inside that folder
Step13. Look for a program called Optical Flares Crack.exe
Step14. For all Vista and W7 Right click on it and run as administrator, "For Xp users just double click it"
Step15. Now where it says HWID: paste the hardware fingerprint that you copyed
Step16. If you haven't already Close Down After Effects or this will not work
Step17. Click Generate License
Step18.  Go to Computer > C:/ or Hardrive  > Program Files or Program Files (x86) > Adobe > Adobe Affter Effects Cs4 - Cs5.5 > Support Files > Plugins > Optical Flares 
Step19. Click Ok
Step20. Close the Crack
Step21. Open up AFter Effects make a new comp a new solid and go to effects video copilot and Optical Flares it should now work

Enjoy your Optical Flares!

----Crusisx----

------------Optical Flares Mac Installation--------------------------------



Sorry i do not know what to do for mac because i do not own a mac, but i have included the mac optical flares with pro presets 2 for you in a zip file so extract it and find a tutorial for mac, if you have the tutorial solution for mac users feel free to leave a comment with a step by step process


Kind Regards

----Crusisx------


I will be seeding this for the next week, since this file is not as big as the others i have uploaded

Be sure to seed yourself so others can have the opertunity to get there hands on this.

Feel Free to email me with bugs or torrent requests
crusisx@aol.com

Kind Regards

---Crusisx----