English | CBZ and CBR | 9 Issues

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #0-8 (2012) [DC Comics]
Publisher:  DC Comics
Publication Date:  November 30, 2011 - November 14, 2012

Written by Art Baltazar and Franco (#1-7), Ivan Cohen (#8)
Art by Dario Brizuela (#1-7), Luciano Vecchio (#8)
Colored by Gabe Eltaeb (#1-7), Franco Riesco (#8)

Based on the animated series! When reckless test pilot Hal Jordan and his mentor Kilowog borrow an untested craft to complete a mission to the outer reaches of Guardian space, they discover a new threat. Now, they're far from home and the galaxy's first line of defense against the Red Lanterns!

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #0
Green is the color of will power, and one of the most powerful lights in the universe. The Guardians have harnessed this power to create an intergalactic police force wielding green power rings. What happens when Hal Jordan and Kilowog find one of these rings abandoned in space? Has one of their comrades fallen, or is something even more sinister happening?

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #1
Hal Jordan faces his greatest challenge onboard the Interceptor, when he faces off against a captured Red Lantern...and his mentor, Kilowog! Has their trip to the outer reaches of Guardian space driven Kilowog mad? Has their rage-filled prisoner influenced him to rebel against the Guardians' will? Hal can't believe his eyes, and neither will you!

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #2
Hal Jordan and Kilowog patrol the limits of the galaxy in their "borrowed" Green Lantern ship. Has Hal learned the lessons Kilowog's been teaching him? They soon find out as they run into an old foe: the Invisible Destroyer!

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #3
Hal Jordan and Kilowog find adventure on a new planet, where Aya, the ship's computer, takes her new robot body for a spin. Plus: Razer is almost kidnapped by a Spider Guild bounty hunter!

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #4
A member of the Interceptor crew is injured! Can Aya heal the damage? Plus, what is the shocking secret of the Tattooed Man?

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #5
The Interceptor crew fights in the Monster Arena! Can Malvir become a Red Lantern by capturing Hal? Not if Aya and Hal cook up a plan to end Malvir's tyranny first!

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #6
The Red Lanterns attack--and only Hal Jordan responds! Where are Hal's fellow Green Lanterns? Have they been defeated in some distant battle? You'll have to read this issue to learn the truth!

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #7
Zilius Zox wants to impress Atrocitus and his fiendish plan sends a new villain to attack the Interceptor! Will Hal save the day? Or will Razer?!

Green Lantern: The Animated Series #8
Aya's experiment has knocked the Interceptor offline! Hal Jordan is stranded on a hostile planet--and his power ring is running low on energy!