Shuggy has just inherited a castle full of goblins, ghouls, 
          zombies, and robots. Help him clear out over 100 rooms to   
          make his new home liveable again! Every room in the castle   
          is different, letting Shuggy fly, float, swing, spin,       
          change size, time travel and more as he explores the         
          Dungeon, Boiler Room, Clocktower, Gallery, and...           
                                                                       
          Key Features                                                 
                                                                       
          - Co-op play - Play 36 twisted two-player levels in the     
            offline co-op mode, with puzzles that can only be completed
            through cunning and teamwork.                             
          - Non-linear map screen - Multiple routes through the       
            castle ensure you'll be able to find another route if you 
            get stuck.                                                 
          - Boss encounters - Use your wit and cunning to defeat       
            the dastardly bosses in each area of the castle.           
          - Time travel - Get caught in a time loop and co-operate     
            with your past echoes.                                     
          - Rotation - Spin whole levels or interlocking puzzle       
            sections to grab all the gems.                             
          - Seeing double - Utilize multiple Shuggys under the         
            influence of different gravities.                         
          - Teleportation - Use Shuggy's teleporter to solve some     
            tricky conundrums.                                         
          - Tied up in knots - Grab the magic rope and swing your     
            way to victory.                                           
                                                                       
          URL:              
     
     
 
          1.) Unpack using winrar                                                       
          2.) Install game, crack is preinstalled.                                       
          3.) Play the game!                                                             
 
 
          We currently have a position open for: CLOSED (We will find you)
 
          greetz: ViTALiTY / HTG / VACE / ROGUE / REUNION / CRD / DVT / BrEWeRS
                  Mad love to all friends, especially bella :p