                           Love/Hate | s03e02 | WS.PDTV

                            RTE One | 18 November 2012


ABOUT THE SERIES
The last time Darren tried to walk away from John Boy Power's toxic gangland world he was shot and almost died. Now recovering from his injuries but tortured by nightmares he tries to stay on the periphery and persuade Rosie (Ruth Negga) to come home from London. When John Boy pays off a large debt, Darren yet again finds himself trapped and back under John Boy's control.

Still spooked by the death of his brother Hughie, John Boy's drug habit is making him increasingly paranoid and erratic. Nidge, now John Boy's second in command and principle enforcer, is trying to juggle an always tricky personal and professional life. Trish is about to have a baby and Nidge must try to maintain peace as John Boy becomes progressively volatile. When a consignment of drugs is impounded by customs, it sparks a war with a rival gang leader Fran. As the crisis escalates, John Boy becomes unpredictable and dangerous; loyal to no-one including members of his own gang.


IN THIS EPISODE
Silver-tongued Nidge sets out to persuade Dano that he had nothing to do with 
his fatherΓÇÖs disappearance ΓÇô but a scapegoat will have to be found, someone will
have to pay the price. Once more, Nidge turns to ever faithful Darren for help.

Meanwhile Siobhan struggles to cope with recent traumatic events and Tommy - 
compromised by his affair with Debbie - doesnΓÇÖt help by desperately persuading
her to keep her mouth shut.

Written by Stuart Carolan.


CAST
Robert Sheehan     ... Darren Tracey
Ruth Bradley       ... Mary Tracey
Ruth Negga         ... Rosie
Killian Scott      ... Tommy
Tom Vaughan-Lawlor ... Nidge
Aoibhinn McGinnity ... Trish
Lawrence Kinlan    ... Elmo
Mark Dunne         ... Ado
Susan Loughnane    ... Debbie
Charlie Murphy     ... Siobhan
Patrick Murphy	   ... Karl
Jason Barry        ... Dano
Caoilfhionn Dunne  ... Lizzie
Eve Macklin        ... Georgina
Peter Coonan       ... Fran


These come from Irish Torrents dot com. The cappers there encode to target bitrate, 1000kbps or 1050kbps, rather than target file size of 350MB or 550MB.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love/Hate_%28TV_series%29	


Now including subtitles! (s3e1 subs included here since they are not part of that torrent.)


Dublin15, they will be coming once their demand on private tracker tapers off. Love/Hate is the flagship content of IT and smurfty has asked that i not flip it to public trackers immediately.

Zamboni1, i must say i really don't understand why you seem to prefer the rips of the crappy DVDs with the hundreds of blended frames in each episode. I tried to explain why the PDTV are better and it seems to have scared you off. If you want series 3...