S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams (c) Black Forest Games

23-10-2012......Release Date <-> Protection.................Steam
Platformer.........Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a challenging fast-paced platformer
with a twist. You can warp Giana s dream world to transform your
abilities and surroundings. Use your skill, speed, brains, and powers
to defeat the dangers that populate these twisted dreams!

Cute Giana moves with speed and grace, twirling past hazards and
adversaries with a light touch and gentle heart. But, Giana isn't
limited to soft solutions. With a quick morph her punk side comes out
to play, full of raw attitude and a powerful dash to crush obstacles
that block her way!

Features:

Powerful Abilities: Giana moves through the dream according to her
desires and mood. When confronted, she can hammer past or drift on by
You make the call

Intuitive Controls and Smooth Gameplay: Controlling Giana is a breeze
but you'll eventually need every trick in her arsenal to defeat the
cunning trials ahead

Amazing Worlds: Giana's dreamworlds leap off the screen with gorgeous
3D graphics and the fantastic alterations of the morph!

Tons of Cool Interactions: As Giana changes, so does the world around
her. Fly with bubblegum, ride conveyer belts, power along with
repeaters, hop on springs, and even ride on turtles

Legendary Soundtrack with Chris H lsbeck and Machinae Supremacy!

Explore and Discover: There are 16 rich levels across 3 distinct
worlds, each transforming into the two dreamworlds. Giana s dreams
abound with secret locations

Epic Boss Battles: Gigantic creatures from the depths of Giana's most
terrifying nightmares are here to play too. Seriously, these guys are
just plain brutal!

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


Poster:

 
http://imgon.net/di-64IB.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://imgon.net/di-3F6Y.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-0Y8K.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-V1ZD.jpg


ENJOY!