Service Experience: Ashy Bines Clean Eating Plan


Now you know I don't tolerate a bad service experience and this one is no exception.

A friend of mine has kindly let me publish her experience with the Ashy Bines Clean Eating Plan.  Saying she's disappointed is a bit of an understatement.

Read on if you're umm-ing and ahh-ing over whether to buy it or not.

It's a long read, so get yourself a cup of tea and get comfy...

I'm finding this rather embarrassing to admit, but on Sunday night I purchased the Ashy Bines Clean Eating Plan. After seeing all the rave reviews on her facebook page and the multitude of awesome results photos, I bit the bullet and shelled out $60 for what I expected to be a comprehensive nutrition and exercise guide to clean eating and weight loss. 

Boy, was I wrong.

There are few things in life that piss me off more than the stubborn 5kg of baby weight that refuses to budge, and two of those things include being ripped off and being on the receiving end of a salespersons condescending attitude problem. The Ashy Bines diet plan was a perfect shitstorm of both of those things.

For starters, the plan is written a bastardised form of English, which made me want to tear out my brain and set it alight. I'll illustrate my point with a few examples:

"Dinner should be the same as lunch but should be the smallest meal of the day. This means lean meats with less to no carbohydrates!"

"Do not be fooled by thinking that dried fruit is healthy – you just need to look at the back to see that it is full of sugar." 

"Mince and sausages – these are two very fatty meats and they aren’t even real meat. It’s basically the left-over fatty side bits cut off all the good meats and mashed together."

"If you are going to have a protein shake please don’t buy the ones from Woolworths as they are full of sugar and lots of other ingredients that we do not want to be putting into our bodies. Also, not only will they not do much for you but they’re unhealthy. "

I could go on, but I'll finish by mentioning her bonus document is called "A Life in the Day of Ashy Bines". The TITLE wasn't even proofread. 

It should be illegal to sell this book hence why its free here, read for a great laugh.
