CCNP Security SECURE 642-637 Official Cert Guide


Publication Date: July 7, 2011 | ISBN-10: 1587142805 | ISBN-13: 978-1587142802 | Edition: 1 | Format: PDF

Trust the best selling Official Cert Guide series from Cisco Press to help you learn, prepare, and practice for exam success. They are built with the objective of providing assessment, review, and practice to help ensure you are fully prepared for your certification exam.
 
CCNP Security SECURE 642-637 Official Cert Guide presents you with an organized test preparation routine through the use of proven series elements and techniques. ΓÇ£Do I Know This Already?ΓÇ¥ quizzes open each chapter and enable you to decide how much time you need to spend on each section. Exam topic lists make referencing easy. Chapter-ending Exam Preparation Tasks help you drill on key concepts you must know thoroughly.
Master CCNP Security SECURE 642-637 exam topics
Assess your knowledge with chapter-opening quizzes
Review key concepts with exam preparation tasks
Practice with realistic exam questions on the CD-ROM
CCNP Security SECURE 642-637 Official Cert Guide focuses specifically on the objectives for the CCNP Security SECURE exam. Senior networking consultants Sean Wilkins and Trey Smith share preparation hints and test-taking tips, helping you identify areas of weakness and improve both your conceptual knowledge and hands-on skills. Material is presented in a concise manner, focusing on increasing your understanding and retention of exam topics.
 
Well-regarded for its level of detail, assessment features, and challenging review questions and exercises, this official study guide helps you master the concepts and techniques that will enable you to succeed on the exam the first time.
 
The official study guide helps you master all the topics on the CCNP Security SECURE exam, including:

Network security threats and foundation protection
Switched data plane security
802.1X and identity-based networking services
Cisco IOS routed data plane security
Cisco IOS control plane security
Cisco IOS management plane security
NAT
Zone-based firewalls
IOS intrusion prevention system
Cisco IOS site-to-site security solutions
IPsec VPNs, dynamic multipoint VPNs, and GET VPNs
SSL VPNs and EZVPN
CCNP Security SECURE 642-637 Official Cert Guide is part of a recommended learning path from Cisco that includes simulation and hands-on training from authorized Cisco Learning Partners and self-study products from Cisco Press. To find out more about instructor-led training, e-learning, and hands-on instruction offered by authorized Cisco Learning Partners worldwide, please visit www.cisco.com/go/authorizedtraining.
 
 
