Follow my uploads here:                                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

All joking aside, this time you will understand how electronic circuits work.
Build any circuit, tap play button, and watch dynamic voltage, current, and charge animations. This gives you insight into circuit operation like no equation does.

While simulation is running, adjust circuit parameters with analog knob, and the circuit responds to your actions in real time. You can even generate an arbitrary input signal with your finger!

That's interactivity and innovation you can't find in best SPICE tools for PC like Multisim, LTspice, OrCad or PSpice (trademarks belong to their respective owners).

EveryCircuit is not just an eye candy. Under the hood it packs custom-built simulation engine optimized for interactive mobile use, serious numerical methods, and realistic device models. In short, Ohm's law, Kirchhoff's current and voltage laws, nonlinear semiconductor device equations, and all the good stuff is there.

Growing library of components gives you freedom to design any analog or digital circuit from a simple voltage divider to transistor-level masterpiece.

Schematic editor features automatic wire routing, and minimalistic user interface. No nonsense, less tapping, more productivity.

Simplicity, innovation, and power, combined with mobility, make EveryCircuit a must-have companion for high school science and physics students, electrical engineering college students, breadboard and printed circuit board (PCB) enthusiasts, and ham radio hobbyists.

Free version has limited sandbox area, but it can still impress you. If you need a larger playground, a full version is available. The full version will employ all of your imagination, and all the screen area of your tablet.

Thanks to Prof. N. Maghari for technical discussions, feedback, and help with designing circuit examples.

Features:

    Animations of voltage waveforms and current flows
    Animations of capacitor charges
    Analog control knob adjusts circuit parameters
    Automatic wire routing
    Oscilloscope
    Seamless DC and transient simulation
    Single play/pause button controls simulation
    Saving and loading of circuit schematic
    Mobile simulation engine built from ground-up
    Shake the phone to kick-start oscillators
    Intuitive user interface
    No Ads

Components:

    Sources, signal generators
    Resistors, capacitors, inductors, transformers
    Potentiometer, lamp
    Switches, SPST, SPDT
    Diodes, Zener diodes, light emitting diodes (LED)
    MOS transistors (MOSFET)
    Bipolar junction transistors (BJT)
    Ideal operational amplifier (opamp)
    Digital logic gates, AND, OR, NOT, NAND, NOR, XOR, XNOR

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 21, 2012)

    Controlled sources (VCVS, VCCS)
    Support of high-power LEDs
    Button for clearing circuit
    Oscilloscope enhancements
    GUI enhancements
    Bug fixes

Required Android O/S : 1.6+



                                By bobiras2009		