True Image 2013 by Acronis protects your photos, documents, music, mail, programs, contacts, calendars, and more. It stores your content in a secure online location and syncs it with your devices. True Image 2013 is safe, reliable, easy.

It's a whole new vision for backup. It’s the latest sync technologies. It’s cloud storage. It's a new True Image supporting new devices. And it's easy to try now — whether you're installing it for the first time, or upgrading from a previous version.

Breakthrough sync
The newest sync technologies are here. We’ve made synchronization fast, secure, and breathtakingly simple. The files you choose are pushed to all your devices - automatically, effortlessly, and seamlessly.

Mobile file access
Your files are available from all your favorite devices, from smartphones to tablets and PCs. So your files are always available—anywhere, anytime. And mobile apps are available for free.

Disk imaging
Restore everything - not just the files, but the exact configuration of your computer including your operating system, settings, and applications.

Nonstop backup New
True Image 2013 records ongoing changes as you work, so you can revisit any file, folder or your entire system as it was at a specific point in time.

Try&Decide
Avoid disasters before they happen. Try out new software and browse any websites, even if they are potentially dangerous. Try&Decide technology allows you to take a test drive and decide if you want to keep any changes to your computer.

Perfect sync New
We’ve brought sync to near perfection. We took an already amazing technology and made it even better. Share unlimited amounts of information with your friends or between your own devices, and set any folders you want to synchronize – on your computer, phone, tablet, network, USB key or an external drive. True Image 2013 is so much faster and easier to use than ever before.

Windows 8 support New
True Image 2013 is compatible with Windows 8 so it ready to go on all the latest PCs. Of course it also supports earlier Windows versions down to Windows XP. Stay current with technological developments! Or don’t – your True Image software will work perfectly on virtually any PC.

Requirements

Supported Operating Systems
* Windows 8* all Editions
* Windows 7 all Editions SP1
* Windows Vista all Editions SP2
* Windows XP Home Edition SP3
* Windows XP Professional(X32 SP3/X64 SP2)
* Windows Home Server 2011

Supported File Systems
* FAT16/32, NTFS
* Raw Image support

Language : English