Vampir-Cuadecuc is a 1970 experimental feature film by Catalan filmmaker Pere Portabella. The entire film is photographed on high contrast black & white film stock, which gives it the appearance of a degraded film print, evoking early Expressionist horror films such as F. W. Murnau's Nosferatu or Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr. It was shot on the set of Jesus Franco's Count Dracula, starring Christopher Lee and Herbert Lom. The sound track is by frequent Portabella collaborator Carles Santos, and the only spoken dialogue in the film appears only in the last scene, which features Lee reading from Bram Stoker's original novel.

The film tells an abbreviated version of the Dracula story using behind-the-scenes footage from Count Dracula. Thus, we see crew members and lights in dramatic scenes; often, these scenes are preceded by sequences where we see the set and actors being prepared. For example, before Dracula is shown rising from his coffin, Christopher Lee is seen getting made up and climbing into the coffin as a crew member covers him in fake spiderwebs. This gives the film a humorous tone: scenes meant to shock in Jesus Franco's original film are intercut with the actors making faces between takes and fooling around with the crew.

The film was considered very subversive at the time of its release; many identify Christopher Lee's Dracula with Francisco Franco. By showing the almost campy falseness that goes into creating the "frightening" image of Dracula (Portabella often focuses on the poorly-made special effects and the shoddy filming conditions), the filmmakers lampoon the similarly transparent efforts of dictators like Franco to create powerful images of themselves in the media.

Rip specs:

   General
      Complete name : Cuadecuc, Vampir.mkv
      Format : Matroska
      File size : 946 MiB
      Duration : 1h 6mn
      Overall bit rate : 1 997 Kbps
   Video #1
      Codec ID : V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
      Bit rate : 1 766 Kbps
      Width : 766 pixels
      Height : 576 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 4:3
      Frame rate : 25.000 fps
   Audio #2
      Codec ID : A_AC3
      Bit rate mode : Constant
      Bit rate : 192 Kbps
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
      Language : English
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066517/

English audio (few words); French, Spanish and Portuguese subtitles

My rip