POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 81 - Apocalypse 2012 Prophecies Vol 19 - Petra - Israels Secret Hiding Place and Things to Come

POtHS Comments on This one: This is soon to come Prophecy for Israel

Petra - Israels Secret Hiding Place:
This video will take you through the 30-square mile cave city of Esau--the most mysterious ghost town in the world. You will be shown from the Bible why Petra will be the secret hiding place of the Jewish remnant during the last half of the Tribulation. There is a lot of Biblical references and lore in the history lesson given in this video. The video has character with much to learn about the city of Petra with an entertaining presentation. If you are into history and archaeology then this video is for you.


CURRENT EVENTS IN SYRIA - ISRAEL DANGER AND REDEMPTION:
Avi Lipkin returns to the program with his son, Aaron, to discuss the civil war in Syria and how the warfare in Syria affects Israel and the rest of the Middle East.


GLIMPSES OF THINGS TO COME:
Noah Hutchings, Bob Glaze, and Larry Spargimino discuss the biblical signs of the end times prophesied through the Scriptures that are coming true right before our eyes.


March Toward the Mark:
Charles Lawson 07/25/12 (WN) Revelation 13:16-18 Obamacare and Bill Clinton's Agenda 21 Lay Out Signifcant Tools That Could Readily Emower the Antichrist to Enforce Only Sanctioned Commerce.
Shorts
Signs of the Times
SIN-ister Clips
The Holy Spirit

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


