Michael Flatley Returns as Lord of the Dance (2011)

Description:

The international smash-hit, Lord of the Dance, is back with an all-new electrifying show. Filmed LIVE in Dublin and London during the sold out 2011 European Tour, experience the magic, excitement and passion like never before. 

Starring show creator and Irish dance pioneer Michael Flatley (returning to Lord of The Dance for the first time in 13 years); the breathtaking performance comprises a spectacular new set design, state-of-the-art lighting, special effects and costumes that will captivate audiences both young and old. 

Featuring unprecedented access to Flatley’s performance and exclusive behind the scenes footage, you’ll never be closer to the action than this! Don’t miss out on the performance film event of the year! 

Extras include a "Behind the Scenes Feature" and four additional songs and dances from the show not seen in movie theaters! 

First performed in 1996, Lord of the Dance is one of the most successful, electrifying and enduring performance brands of all time. Created by the pioneering star of Riverdance, Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance is inspired by ancient Irish folklore and features the ‘Lord of the Dance’ battling against an evil force for control of ‘Planet Ireland’. Its universal themes of good versus evil and love triumphing over all ensure it is perfect viewing for the whole family, young and old! 

From the moment the lights go down to the last encore, audiences are spellbound by a masterfully orchestrated combination of precision dancing, state of the art lighting and pyrotechnics.

Review: http://whysoblu.com/michael-flatley-returns-as-lord-of-the-dance-blu-ray-review/

Info: this is a remux for easier viewing on PCs, software (vs Blu-ray) players. No loss of quality in audio and video.

Video: AVC from disc
Audio: FLAC 2.0 16 bit and 7.1 24 bit lossless encode from DTS-HD MA from disc
Subs: English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, German, Italian, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Norwegian, Swedish, Russian (unofficial)
Chapters: named

Warning! The default subtitles are Russian, I won't remux 25 GB for that :). Switch them off or to a different language if your player isn't already set to do that.