Ashampoo Burning Studio 12 v12.0.1.8 [3510] Final 


Ashampoo Burning Studio 2012 users are unusually loyal, with good reason ΓÇô this programΓÇÖs speed, simplicity and efficiency are simply unbeatable. Over the years the Ashampoo programmers have turned the program into a full suite that can handle all your data, audio and video burning and authoring tasks, without sacrificing its famous ease of use. In version 10 they have once again added a wealth of new features and modules, but the program is still amazingly intuitive to use ΓÇô everything is explained as you do it. The main focus of this premium version is even better authoring capabilities for building video and audio discs using the latest formats. HD and Full HD video (720p and 1080p) are now fully supported for Blu-ray discs, and all the encoding is handled by Ashampoo Burning Studio. All the authoring tools have been overhauled and the video encoding quality is even better than before. You now use the same new integrated editor for building DVD and Blu-ray video disks with menus. The program also starts more quickly and is generally snappier to use. In addition to this there is a new Autoplay Editor module with which you can build auto-starting data discs with attractive interactive menus ΓÇô for example for collections of programs. And there is now also a new Audio Player with which you can play audio files and audio CDs without leaving the program. 

OS Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8


Install.
Make sure Ashampoo 12 is not running or opened by another program.
Copy  ashampoo.ash_inet2.dll-patch  to default installation directory.
Open  ashampoo.ash_inet2.dll-patch  and click Patch.

Do not update and do not register the product.


NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that
the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall
to avoid any problems. Further, when running our
keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin
rights while in Vista/Win7/8 to ensure that it has
enough privileges.
