Stop the zombie apocalypse using the deadliest weapon ever: A soccer ball!
Like zombies? Love soccer? Well get your soccer gear on, ‘cause it’s time for PRO ZOMBIE SOCCER from Super Awesome Hyper-Dimensional Mega Team!
No one ever needed an excuse to go out and kill zombies. Or to kick a soccer ball around. But if you want an excuse to kick a soccer ball into space, realign an orbital weapons platform and launch a death-ray to explode the heads of the zombies sneaking into your soccer field – then THIS IS IT!
NON-STOP ACTION
Pro Zombie Soccer’s intuitive control system offers a torrent of incredibly deep, satisfying and addictive zombie-blasting action, from free kicks to full orbital assault! This is high-quality mobile gaming at its best.
BIG AND FUNNY
A horde of unique zombies; a locker full of cool abilities, combos and rewards; a laugh-out-loud twisted story that spans a series of varied, original and surprising levels ... you won’t want it to end! It’s lucky the game’s SO BIG.
STUNNING GRAPHICS
High-resolution visuals, fluid animations, and all the gore you’d expect from a zombie game! Incredible characters, environments and comic-style set-pieces draw you into a surreal, immersive world.
ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK
Beautiful graphics and addictive gameplay are accompanied by a full, powerful new soundtrack from Badolatomusic.
LEADERBOARD AND ACHIEVEMENTS THROUGH OPENFEINT
Unlock achievements, see how you stack up on global leaderboards, and play with friends!
Pro Zombie Soccer comes from a brand-new developer whose founders helped create the super-addictive classics ‘Plants vs. Zombies’ and ‘Worms’. Find out what the critics are raving about:
"Exactly the kind of cute yet hyper-violent entertainment we love" – PocketGamer
"A ton of fun ... incredibly detailed ... incredibly rewarding" – TouchArcade
"You’ll smile from watching limbs and heads fly off" – Slide To Play
“You will want to own this game. ... Killing zombies hasn’t ever been this fun or creative” – No
DPad
“The art style and graphics here are great ... this will be a must-buy” – Loot Ninja
“Entrancing ... a simple-yet-scary, ... breathtakingly tempting game!” – TechGadgets
Oh, and... have you ever been BITTEN BY A ZOMBIE? Because that’s how the story begins...