 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.basevelocity.radarscope

RadarScope is a specialized display utility for weather enthusiasts and meteorologists that allows you to view NEXRAD Level 3 radar data and severe weather warnings. It can display the latest reflectivity, velocity, and other radar products from any NEXRAD radar site in the United States, Guam, and Puerto Rico. These aren't smoothed PNG or GIF images, this is real Level 3 radar data rendered in its original radial format for a high level of detail. For those National Weather Service radar sites which have been upgraded with dual-polarization technology, RadarScope displays most of those products as well.
Whether you are scanning reflectivity for a mesocyclone's tell-tale hook echo, trying to pinpoint the landfall of a hurricane's eye wall, or looking for small features like velocity couplets in the storm relative radial velocity product, RadarScope gives you the power to view true radial NEXRAD weather radar on your Android smartphone or tablet.
RadarScope displays tornado, severe thunderstorm, and flash flood warnings issued by the National Weather Service. When warnings are in effect, you can tap the warning button in the upper right corner to browse the list of active warnings, select a warning to view the details, and even zoom to the selected warning on the map.
Pinch or stretch to zoom in and out on the map. Drag your finger to scroll around. Use the Options menu to select one of the 156 different radar sites, or to plot your current location. Tap the play button to download and animate over the last six radar images. Display the names of over 25,000 cities and towns on the map as you zoom and scroll. Drag your finger over the color legend to see the data value associated with each color. Use a long press on a warning to read the release from the National Weather Service, or on a radar site to get detailed status information. Take screenshots directly from your device and send them via GMail or SMS. With the installation of other third-party applications, you can share your images via Twitter, Facebook, Flickr, and more.
You can display Level 3 radar data from NOAA's public access web site or from your AllisonHouse subscriber account. Meanwhile, RadarScope will retrieve and display updated data automatically and intelligently (approximately every 5 to 10 minutes, depending on the radar scan strategy).
RadarScope has been tested on the following phones: Casio Commando; HTC Desire HD/Droid Incredible/Droid Incredible 2/EVO 4G/Inspire/myTouch 4G/Sensation/Thunderbolt; LG Genesis/P999/Thrill 4G/Thrive; Motorola Admiral/Atrix 4G/Droid/Droid Bionic/Droid RAZR/Droid X/Droid X2; Nexus One/S; Samsung Captivate/Droid Charge/Epic 4G/Fascinate/Galaxy S/Galaxy Nexus/Infuse 4G; ZTE Warp.
It has also been tested on the following tablets: Acer Iconia A500; Samsung Galaxy Tab; Toshiba Thrive; Motorola Xoom.