Professional Body builder, bound, skull fucked, made to cum with vibrator and cock! Helpless! | Ashley Starr | Matt Williams

November 28, 2012 
 
  
MP4 only.    
    
 
Professional Body Builder Ashley Starr is back on Sexually Broken. This powerful women is bound, manhandled and put in her sexual place. 

We start by taking four-strand Bavarian hemp rope and binding our muscled beauty, elbows behind her back. With just that one piece of rope Ashley discovers her mighty strength is useless. She is quite stuck but lets pile on the dispair, shall we? We add rope to her wrists, now she knows she is helpless, she knows that there will be no heroic feet of strength that can free her. It not a feeling she is used to at all. 

We jam a huge ring gag into her big mouth. Her mouth is held wide open, drool drips down her body and there is nothing Ashley can do about it. How embarrassing, this powerful women can't even stop drooling all over herself. We knock her to her knees and pull out our cock. She knows what will come next. Her arms trapped behind her, her mouth held open, she knows the cock is going to fuck her throat and she knows she is helpless to stop it. Ashley understands what sexual fear is, as the cock hits the back of her throat. 

All her training, strength and muscles mean nothing, she is on her knees being skull fucked. Fighting to get air as the cock slides down her throat and cuts off breathing. We hold the cock down her throat, slowly suffocating her, she can't even bite down if she had to, hard metal is holding her mouth wide open for cock.

When Ashley thinks she might pass out from the brutal face fucking, we pick her off the ground, bend her over and slide the cock balls deep into her wet pussy first stroke! Within seconds of being fucked deep, Ashley cums and cums hard. She can't control her body, she has cum dripping out of her pussy, drool dripping out of her mouth. She is completely used sexually. The meaning of her existence is now to simply take cock, take it any way we want, at any time, in any hole, and there is nothing she can do to stop it. Her body was ours when the ropes went on, but now her mind is ours because the cock has won

We further bind our helpless Bodybuilder into a brutal spread strappado. Muscles pulled and stretched to their limits, we fuck her some more, make her cum over and over with the vibrator. Her clit is swollen from all the cumming, it is huge! No doubt the largest clit you will ever see. 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_28astarr/SexuallyBroken-Ashley-Starr-Hollywood-Matt-Williams-Professional-Body-builder-bound-skull-fucked-made-to-cum-with-vibrator-and-cock-Helpless.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

