BS Player PRO v2.63 Build 1071 FinalKeygen by CORESerials by IcyCool and HALiDInstalled, Tested and Working on Win 7 SP1 – x64BS Player PROBS.Player – the best multimedia player (DivX, HD and AVC video, movie,  audio, DVD) in the world! Ever since the very beginning in the year 2000, the BS.Player has been one of the world’s most popular multimedia players.

Main features of BS.Player are:
 Sound Equalizer
 Fully skinnable windows (Media list, Play list, Equalizer)
 Bookmarks support (add, edit)
 Chapters support (create, move to, skip)
 Custom aspect ratios
 Multiple audio stream switching
 Frame capture (video to picture)
 Plugin support (Winamp DSP plugins and others)
 Multilingual interface
 Fast forward and Fast rewind option
 Frame stepping (playback video one frame at a time)
 WinLIRC support (user defineable  remote controllers)
 Support switching between multiple (different language) subtitles
 Pan-scan and  custom pan-scan option
 Support for multiple audio streams and switching between them
 Every action can also be assigned to WinLIRC button
 Playback of incomplete AVI files and locked files (files in use, files still downloading or recording)
 Command line support (for example “bsplayer.exe movie.avi -fs” will start playback of movie in full screen mode)
 Support a lot of subtitles formats (MicroDVD, SubRip, Subviewer…), custom subtitles position, color, font, transparency…
 BSI/INI files support and dynamic DirectShow filters loading (so everything can be burned on CD and played without installing anything)
 Almost every action can be assigned to user selected key (even two keys) and different keys can be assigned for full screen and windowed mode
 Support for all popular media formats (audio and video): divx, avi, mpeg 1, mpeg 2, xvid, 3ivx, ogm, matroska, asf, wmv, DV, m1v, m2v, Quicktime mov, mp4, mpv, QT, Real rm, SWF, vob, wav, mpa, mp1, mp2, mp3, ogg, aac, ac3, aif, ram, wma…
What does the BS.Player 2.4 PRO have to offer:
* Playback of AVCHD video new. (Advanced Video Codec High Definition) format used in Canon, JVC, Panasonic, and Sony digital tapeless camcorders.
* Support for global multimedia keys
* Play YouTube streaming including HD,  High Quality and Normal resolution videonew
* Save YouTube streaming video to local disk (YouTube downloader)new
* Customizable Equalizer
* Support for Capture/Tuner devices (and Teletext support)
* Capture Video to file
* Integrated subtitle editor
* Network file buffering
* Support for Flash playback
* Technical e-mail support
* DVD support
* Text “Only for Non-Commercial use” is removed in PRO version
change Log:
 total time in playlist wasn’t updated, fixed
 subtitles were ‘cut’ in some cases, fixed
 YouTube playback fixed
 some other bug fixes
Installation Notes:
1. UnRAR BS.Player Pro to Any Folder.
2. Close BS.Player
3. Run CORE Keygen and Enter name … Press Generate (Or Open Serial.txt)
4. Start BS.Player
5. Cut and Paste Name and Serial from Serial.txt or Keygen into Popup Window in BS.Player to Register.
6. Close BS.Player when Prompted
7. Start BS.Player
Enjoy !!!!