Description
THE ULTIMATE WAR OF STARS HAS BEGUN...

World of Star is a online Si-Fi strategy game base on universe wars.Human, Alien and Spirit is the three diverse races in game: Human has lower defence but high firepower, Alien has faster attack rate and does sputtering damage, Spirit has a heavy defence, make a best unit collocation is the best to win the battle. 

Each race is enemy to other two, and players can attack other race any time, raid their resouce and capture their city. 

World of Star has a strategic gameplay, construct your city, train your hero, compose your skills, edit your formation and arrange your unit, then win your war of star.

Features
3 unique race, Every race have different unit, building and combat style.
Over 45 different buildings, 10 upgrade levels for every building.
Over 30 unique battle unit.
Around 600 quests.
5 large battle map.
Over 400 equips, integrity compose system.
Edit formation and unit, make your own tactics.
Facile hero training system.
Integrity chatting, mailing and guild system.
Can raid or capture other player's city, dominate whole universe finally.
Also can fight against emeny with your friends.
Hundreds of player vs. player point.

When great Dr. Nick was still studying at university, Harry was his classmate. On that time, Nick was research physics, Harry was research Biotechnology when he graduated from university and joined the Ministry of National Defense. In a experiment accident, Harry was infect by unknown species and turned to Alien, he gained the ability to evolve in a fast rate. The MND wanted to eliminate Harry, but Harry escaped to outer space and created lot of Alien. In order to fight against Harry and his Alien, Harry focus on weapon system, and started a war against Alien. At this time, a ancient extraterrestrial race called Spirit was drifted into this war. The Spirit is a high technology race that live in this space for million years. To protect their homeland, they summoned ancient army to now, fight against Human and Alien, and want to drive them away.
... Show More
What's new in Version 1.2.5