Games : Full Game : English

About the Game

Darksiders II is an action-adventure and action role-playing video game developed by Vigil Games and published by THQ. 
It is the sequel to Darksiders and was released in August 2012 for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, with a Wii U port scheduled later in the year.
Players take control of Death, one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. 
Core gameplay is a third-person hack and slash action-adventure game with role-playing elements. 
The game makes frequent use of interactive puzzle elements, requiring the player to think their way through a series of levers, doors, elevators, portals, etc. in order to traverse areas and reach objectives.
Maps are vast and each contain open world "overworld" regions that can be explored freely on foot or by horse, along with numerous dungeons where quest objectives are generally carried out. 
There are main and side quests, with main and side boss fights. Worlds can be traversed via "fast-travel", whereby the player can teleport to certain map points instantly. 
While inside a Dungeon, the player is also allowed to fast-travel back to the overworld while saving their dungeon location for continuation later without losing progress.......

Features:

    Play Death: Become the most feared of the legendary Four Horsemen, able to destroy entire worlds and battle forces beyond Heaven and Hell.
    Epic Universe: Unlike anything the player has seen before, delivered in the unique style of Joe Mad.
    Player Choice and Customization: Customize your experience with varied armor sets, weapons, and Skill Trees allowing players to create their own Death.
    Replay-ability: Explore a vast open world, complete dozens of side quests and customize your Death with a full leveling system, Skill Trees and endless equipment combinations.
    Traversal: Death is a nimble and agile character capable of incredible acrobatic feats allowing the player to explore the world like never before.

 
System Requirements

    Minimum:
        OS: Windows XP, Windows Vista SP1 or Windows 7
        Processor: 2.0Ghz Intel Core 2 Duo Processor or AMD equivalent
        Memory: 2GB
        Graphics: NVIDIA 9800 GT 512 MB Video Card or AMD equivalent 


NOTES : 
This version include all updates until 8 Sep 2012.
DLCs playable included:
  - Argul"s Tomb
  - The Demon Lord Belial
This version of game is already cracked ,just install and play.

How to install:
After download is done:
- open (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.


More info and support here :
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=203.msg2498#msg2498

If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .	