Description
Touch Arcade - 'Like a Nicotine Patch for WoW Addicts'

App Advice - 'Crescent Moon Games gives you intense boss battles in your pocket, similar to those found in various MMO games like World of Warcraft and The Old Republic.'

App-Score 'Raid Leader is the RTS that everyone has been waiting for.'





Help save the land of Eldentir from the evil and corrupted demon Belfanor and his invading legion of monsters.

You, as the Raid Leader must guide a small band of Heroes through Eldentir and face the demon King in the final battle.

Knight - Strong and vigilant. The knight likes to stand where it hurts - face to face with his enemy.

Hunter - Fast and agile, the Hunter packs a lethal bow and arrow. She likes to shoot demons in the back! 

Priest - Old and wise, healing is his speciality. In the heat of battle he has a few other tricks up his rather big sleeves.
REQUIREMENTS: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Requires iOS 4.1 or later.






Encounter challenging boss fights. Collect gold and invest in dozens of unlockable abilities. Test your skills against the oncoming hordes of darkness.

Are you prepared?

Features:
Amazing stylized 3D graphics, monsters, characters, and effects
3 Character classes 
3 different playing styles
15 Unique encounters
Intuitive and responsive controls
30+ special abilities
Game Center Leaderboards 
25+ Game Center Achievements
Universal for iPhone, iPod, and iPad

Expect regular updates with new content as well as gameplay improvements and fixes. We want to give you the best experience we can.

****DEVICE SUPPORT****
Raid Leader supports iPad, iPad 2, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPod Touch 4th Generation, iPod Touch 3rd generation 16gb and higher.

Follow @cm_games and @redzebragames on Twitter for the latest Raid Leader and other Crescent Moon Games news!

Update: We're working on a fix for the save game data issue happening on jailbroken devices. Please rate us 5 stars for continued updates and fixes!
Update is on its way!
