The New Yorker 


23 April 2012


PDF


Content 

The Forty-Year Itch
“Mad Men” and the nostalgia cycle.
by Adam Gopnik

Ask the Author: Join a live chat with Adam Gopnik about nostalgia on Monday, April 16th, at 3:30 P.M. E.T.

Tax Day
An accounting community for New York’s married gay couples.
by Reeves Wiedeman

Man with a Van
Ben Cohen supports Occupy Wall Street with ice cream.
by Andrew Marantz

Prodigy
Flynn McGarry, the thirteen-year-old chef behind Eureka.
by Christopher Noxon

Dance Lesson
Learning tango for Broadway.
by Jane Kramer

The T-Cell Army
A new cancer therapy.
by Jerome Groopman

Audio: Jerome Groopman on promising new cancer therapies.

Restaurant Mental-Health-Code Violations
by Paul Simms

Curtain-Raiser
Nicholas Hytner’s theatrical golden age.
by John Lahr

Battleground America
The insanity of our gun laws.
by Jill Lepore

Drawn from Life
Alison Bechdel’s home truths.
by Judith Thurman

Ask the Author: Join a live chat with Judith Thurman about Alison Bechdel on Wednesday, April 18th, at 3 P.M. E.T.

A Living Man Declared Dead
by Taryn Simon

“Miss Lora”
by Junot Díaz

Q. & A.: Junot Díaz discusses “Miss Lora” with Cressida Leyshon.

The politics of inequality.
by Nicholas Lemann

The diaries of Count Harry Kessler.
by Alex Ross

Briefly Noted: “Mudwoman”; “The O’Briens”; “Dreaming in French”; “What to Look For in Winter”
 
“Peter and the Starcatcher.”
by John Lahr

“Marley,” “Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan’s Hope.”
by Anthony Lane

“Rain at the Beach”
by Jennifer Chapis

“Flooded Meadow”
by Stephen Burt

Wynton Marsalis, Paul Simon, and Aaron Neville at the Rose Theatre.
by Ben Greenman

Busby Berkeley’s “The Gang’s All Here.”
by Richard Brody

“RuPaul’s Drag Race,” on Logo.
by Emily Nussbaum

North End Grill
by Amelia Lester

The Theatre
Night Life
Art
Dance
Classical Music
Movies
Readings and Talks
Above and Beyond

 

The New Yorker is an American magazine of reportage, commentary, criticism, essays, fiction, satire, cartoons and poetry published by Condé Nast. Starting as a weekly in 1925, the magazine is now published 47 times annually, with five of these issues covering two-week spans. Although its reviews and events listings often focus on the cultural life of New York City, The New Yorker has a wide audience outside of New York. It is well known for its illustrated and often topical covers, its commentaries on popular culture and eccentric Americana; its attention to modern fiction by the inclusion of short stories and literary reviews; its rigorous fact checking and copyediting; its journalism on world politics and social issues; and its single-panel cartoons sprinkled throughout each issue.



If you can afford,please visit 

 
http://www.newyorker.com/
