Release Info:

Bigasoft MKV Converter helps you convert MKV file to all popular video formats for playback no matter where you are. It fast converts MKV (Matroska Video) to the proper formats playable on iPod, iPhone, BlackBerry, Zune, PSP, Apple TV, XBox, other MP4 Player, etc.

The MKV video converter can easily convert MKV to AVI, convert MKV to MP4, convert MKV to WMV, convert MKV to WebM as well as other popular video formats like AVI, DivX, Xvid, WMV, MP4, H.264, MOV, HD video, etc. Moreover, it can also convert MKA (Matroska Audio) to MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC or M4A music to help you listen to your superb songs no matter where you are.

With strong editing functions support, the powerful conversion tool can help you make your creativeSplit MKV files into several segments with the exact time length. Crop the playing region to get the perfect playing effect and the best video quality. Merge several files to integrated one file. Add and adjust sound track, subtitles and water mark to video and adjust video image, etc.

Download Bigasoft MKV Converter for free and watch your favorite MKV movies anywhere with just a few clicks!

Key Features:

Watch MKV anywhere:

Bigasoft MKV Converter fast converts MKV (Matroska Video) to the proper formats playable on iPod, iPhone, BlackBerry, Zune, PSP, Apple TV, XBox, other MP4 Player, etc for watching anywhere.
Convert MKV to other formats:

The MKV video converter can easily convert MKV to other popular video formats like AVI, DivX, Xvid, WMV, MP4, H.264, MOV, HD video, etc.

Listen to MKA files:

Convert MKA (Matroska Audio) to MP3, WAV, WMA, AAC or M4A music to help you listen to your superb songs no matter where you are.

Extract audio from MKV:

Extract sound tracks from MKV movies to hear anywhere or share with your friends.

MKV to WebM/VP8 encode:

It can convert MKV to WebM/VP8 video for uploading to YouTube and any HTML5 website, or for video file compression.

Watch marvelous part:

Getting rid of the ads, trailers, beginning and ending segment of the MKV movies can be done by setting the exact start time and duration.

Best quality for watching:

Crop frame size to remove your unwanted area using this MKV file converter like the smart scissors.

Preview and take snapshot:

This MKV video converter supports MKV preview and snapshots at any time when preview.

Batch conversion:

Set after done action ahead of conversion to save time on waiting and ease your digital life.

Pause at any moment:

When converting MKV movies, you can pause, stop and continue at your will.
Easy to use and MKV Conversion to H.264 codec video 10X Speedup
Bigasoft MKV Converter has a user-friendly interface and very easy to use. What's more, it is a smart NVIDIA CUDA MKV Converter that totally supports NVIDIA CUDA technology. The CUDA based MKV Converter will automatically enable the NVIDIA CUDA acceleration and shift the conversion by CPU to GPU MKV Conversion and provides 10X speedup conversion.

Windows 7 supported:

The handy MKV converter is compatible with all Windows including Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000.

Support multi-language:

Support multi-language like English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Chinese and Japanese now.