
-----------------

I have but one mission - to keep AVI alive for those who need or desire it.
I only stepped up because it was something that needed doing.
Not saying I'm the best at any part of this.
I hope more talented people will continue to step up.
The future is being written and there's plenty of room for your bit too.


CC2AVI stands for - "Container Conversion To AVI".
This text is CC2AVI in a nutshell (I'm the nut, this is my shell).
Or "it's a power we all have, I'm just a little more 'full of it'".

Anyone can do this - here's how with versions current as of "now":

Should mention you actually need the MP4 source file first ...
And a Windows PC, I don't know about Mac or Linux yet or maybe never.

You will need - MP4Cam2AVI 2.98
You may need - AtomicParsley win32-0.9.0
You don't need - FLV Extract 1.6.2 (not used in this example)
You may need - DVBPortal MP4Muxer 0.9.3.0

MP4Cam2AVI is a completely LossLess conversion process.
It allows you to "pour" X264 MP4 encodes into an AVI container.
You can keep the AAC audio in the conversion process, but ...
VLC doesn't recognize AAC audio in an AVI container so ...
I convert the audio to MP3 for universal compatibility.

Conversion takes a minute or so, depending on file size.
For some MP4 files there's something in the header info that causes:
"floating point division by zero" error.

Looking high and low I found two solutions, so take your pick:

One is to rewrite the header, the other is to demux / remux.

The command line utility syntax to use is:
AtomicParsley <MP4 filename> -f true

Unless the file is already flagged as a podcast (in which case, choose 'false')
this rewrites the MP4 header so that it now thinks it's a podcast. Since the
CC2AVI process does not carry this info to the AVI - this doesn't matter.
What matters is that the header information is rewritten so you no longer
get an error.

There are a couple of items that still may not lend themselves to dissection
and this makes MP4Muxer the only choice ...
Demux, remux & MP4Cam2AVI works ...
Fingers crossed.

Have all those MP4 files and an old tablet that can't play them?
Want to use your favorite AVI editing tools?
Wish you could back up frame by frame in Media Player Classic?
Now you too can turn any MP4 encode into your favorite AVI.

--------------------

I NEVER claim an x264 encoding credit. I GIVE proper credit where due.

My offerings are clearly identifiable:
use search term "x264.MP3*.avi"
use search term "MP4SUX"
Without quotes for TPB.
With quotes for Google.

Most of my offerings won't have "MP4SUX" in the name unless ...
I do a re-encode OR I convert from a source web site (FLV mostly).

MP4SUX

Not just an opinion, a state of mind
