[img]http://i699.photobucket.com/albums/vv356/belubettlo/front-1.jpg[/img]
[color=Green]Chip Taylor - This Side Of The Big River [1975]Collectors' Choice Music / 727[/color]
[img]http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p180/SonAfterDark/tracklistlatest.png[/img]

01. Same Ol' Story 
02. Holding Me Together 
03. Gettin' Older, Lookin' Back 
04. John Tucker's on the Wagon Again 
05. Big River 
06. May God Be With Me 
07. Circle of Tears 
08. Sleepy Eyes 
09. I've Been Tied 
10. You're Alright Charlie

This re-issue of Chip Taylor's third album shows exactly how good an artist Taylor was and is, demonstrating that more than just a critically acclaimed pop/rock songwriter ("Angel of the Morning" and rock classic "Wild Thing"), he's also a pretty tremendous vocalist. The three discs he did for Warner Nashville - their first hit-making country artist - are largely forgotten in the annals of country history. It's nice to hear at least one of them again, especially since this is some pretty darned good country music.
In the mid-70's, Taylor charted one country hit for Warner Nashville, "Me As I Am," and not much else; the label was ready to drop him once his two-album contract expired. But at least one promotion man was willing to continue giving him air, and the result was a third album, This Side of the River. Recorded in the unlikely location of White Plains, New York, with steel player Pete Drake and Buddy Spicher on fiddle, with the Jordanaires backing him, and tossing in a few live tracks from a radio appearance, the album itself is more a collection of songs than a whole - yet it holds together remarkably well and plays very much like a brand-new disc. In particular, it was almost a surprise finding out when this was recorded, as listening to "Same Ol' Story" had me thinking this was a brand-new album. (It is actually about the Vietnam war, not the current Middle Eastern problems. Go fig, huh?) Taylor composes his songs from real life, including songs about friends - "You're Alright Charlie" and "John Tucker's on the Wagon Again - and songs about the recent separation from his wife - "Sleepy Eyes," "Circle of Tears" and the heartbreaking "Holding Me Together" - and infuses them with all the emotion and gritty reality that makes for the best kind of country music. The real stuff, hardcore, simple, and monumentally dignified in that humility. One cover track, Johnny Cash's "Big River," stands in sharp but complimentary contrast to the originals, demonstrating exactly where Taylor got much of his inspiration.
Chip Taylor dropped out of recording after this album was produced and spent a lot of his time as a professional gambler before coming back to music in the nineties, recording both as a solo artist and with duet partner Carrie Rodriguez on his own Train Wreck Records. He's one of those northern country singers, those rare but amazing artists who may hail from New York, but write, sing, and play as though they'd been born down in a holler. Chip was initially discovered by Chet Atkins, and he's written country songs such as Bobby Bare's hit "Just A Little Bit Later On Down The Line" and Anne Murray's "Son Of A Rotten Gambler," in addition to his rock and pop hits. He's also taken a hand at producing with partner Al Gorgoni - they have the credit for discovering James Taylor, as well as producing one of my favorite Neil Diamond records, Brooklyn Roads. His success as a gambler made him one of the foremost Thoroughbred horse race handicappers on the East Coast, and he finished third in the World Black Jack championship, becoming quite well-known in Black Jack circles as a card counter (which eventually got him banned from the casinos in Atlantic City). All of this eventually brought him back full circle, to music, where he remains today. He's recorded duets with Guy Clark and Lucinda Williams, as well as continuing to write hits for artists such as Bonnie Raitt, and has released eight albums since 1996.
This re-issue comes at a good time, and hopefully will open a door for country fans to discover yet another "great unknown" from one of country's oddest eras. I say that because of course, the 70's produced some great country albums - and almost every one of them was considered a rock album at the time (from Michael Martin Murphy to Michael Nesmith to the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band and Gram Parsons and the Flying Burrito Brothers... I could go on). Country music history has a lot of strange bumps in the road, with a lot of great music having fallen by the wayside. This is a great little slice, and more than worthy of both a re-issue, and a brand-new listen. : ~ Kathy Coleman



After writing three standards of the '60s -- the garage rock classic "Wild Thing," made famous by the Troggs; the soft pop ballad "Angel of the Morning," originally cut by Merrilee Rush; and "Try (Just a Little Bit Harder)," made famous by Big Brother & the Holding Company -- Chip Taylor began a solo recording career in the '70s, signing to Warner Bros. after releasing one rock-oriented album, Gasoline, on Buddah in 1971. His first album, rather ironically (and quite funnily) named Chip Taylor's Last Chance, appeared in 1973 but it wasn't a rock or a pop album: it was a country album, which signaled a return to his roots in a way, since he sang country music at the beginning of his career. Neither Last Chance nor the following year's Some of Us were hits, but the label stuck with him through one more record, 1975's This Side of the Big River. This is also a country album -- indeed, it was the only one of his records to sell well enough to appear on the country charts -- but it's not a conventional country record by any means. It's an appealingly sleepy, meandering record, drifting from languid ballads to laid-back country-rockers, but its sonic palette is broader than that suggests -- the Gram Parsons-styled "I've Been Tied" is punctuated with horns; the slow, slow "Holding Me Together" is built upon electric pianos and mournful steel guitar -- and the album recalls California singer/songwriters as often as it does Nashville. It could be pegged as progressive country, since there are some echoes of Kris Kristofferson and Mickey Newbury here, but Taylor isn't an outlaw; he's an outsider, crafting his own idiosyncratic music that doesn't quite fit into any real specific category -- which, of course, is its appeal. 
First and foremost, it's a subtle songwriter's record, but it's a songwriter's record where the most immediate tune is a cover -- a rather rowdy version of Johnny Cash's "Big River" that lends the LP its title. It's taken from a live radio session, as are "John Tucker's on the Wagon Again" and "You're Alright, Charlie," and all three feel different -- "Big River" has the kick of a concert, "John Tucker" is as conversational as a story, "You're Alright, Charlie" is hushed and intimate -- but boast a loose, human quality that presents a nice contrast to the studio cuts, which are professional in the best sense: accomplished without being polished, highlighting the skills of Taylor and his crew, since they make these reflective songs feel warm, comfortable, and lived-in. In fact, This Side of the Big River may be a little bit too broken-in -- it rolls so slow and easy, his songs so subtle and solidly constructed, that it takes some effort on the part of the listener to get within its little details, whether it's in the lyrics or the texture. But give it a little time and This Side of the Big River is not only quite charming, it's rather moving. Taylor says in Richie Unterberger's liner notes to the 2006 Collectors Choice reissue, "If you really want to know me, this is the album that will get you to know me" -- and once you get to know this record, you will feel like you know what Chip Taylor was all about as a songwriter and musician.
: ~ Stephen Thomas Erlewine


Liner Notes
By Richie Unterberger 

Though most famous for writing or co-writing big pop and rock hits in the 1960s, Chip Taylor has often devoted his solo albums to country music. When he released a trio of such LPs on Warner Brothers in the early-to-mid-1970s, that came as a big surprise to both his record label and to pop music fans, who knew him mostly as the author of "Wild Thing" and "Angel of the Morning." The last of these, 1975's This Side of the Big River, made barely a commercial ripple in the US upon its initial release, reaching #36 in the country charts—the only LP release of his to enter that list. Nonetheless, it's one that he remains proud of, particularly for the opportunity it gave him to express some of the most personal sentiments he's ever conveyed in song.
Taylor had recorded on his own and as part of groups before signing to Warner Brothers in the early 1970s. But his move into country on his first LP for the label, 1973's Last Chance, wasn't what the company was expecting. "I was pursued by Mary Martin, who was Leonard Cohen's manager back in the day," explains Chip today. "She'd just taken over the East Coast representation for Warner Brothers Records, and really went after me to sign with the label. I had written a bunch of rock'n'roll things that were successful, and [my first solo LP, 1971's] Gasoline was a little rock'n'roll-oriented. When Mary signed me, she expected, I think, I would go into that same thing."
However, he continues, "What I did was, I locked myself away in Boston and recorded a country album, Last Chance. Mary didn't get to hear what I was doing until I was finished. It was a labor of love, because even though I was from Yonkers, New York, my real love was country. I lived for country, and also the race records from down South. When I had time to have my own band, my heart went right back to my love of country music, like the early Elvis things and the Brown family. Mary was, like, shocked when she heard it. The Warner Brothers people flew me out to California and, after listening to it, said, 'Jesus, Chip, what the hell are we gonna do with this? We don’t have a country division!' They quickly got a country division together, and did their best to promote it. But they had no expertise in this area."
Though Last Chance got a cult following (particularly in Europe), neither it nor its follow-up, Some of Us, sold well. "I had a two-album contract, and expected that I was gonna be dropped," says Taylor. "Everybody had signed off on me. But they had a promotion man that was a fan of mine. The following week, because the promotion man [who] was told not to promote my record was promoting it under the table late at night, a song called 'Me As I Am' from Some of Us became the first country chart record ever on Warner Brothers. The guy in charge of the division said, 'How the hell can we drop Chip Taylor? He's our first country hit artist.' So now, they asked me if I would please stay," he laughs.
This Side of the Big River, he continues, "was really a labor of love record. I started recording in a little recording studio, Minot, up in White Plains [New York]." Backing him was the band he used when playing locally in New York, with overdubs being done in Nashville by fiddler Buddy Spiker, famed pedal steel player Pete Drake, and esteemed backup vocalists the Jordanaires, noted for working on Nashville sessions by everyone from Elvis Presley on down. Sandy Bull, the eclectic multi-instrumentalist who'd recorded innovative albums blending folk, jazz, and world music in the 1960s, added oud to a couple songs, he and Taylor having become friendly when Chip was recording in Boston. Unusually, three of the tracks—"Big River," "John Tucker," and "You're Alright, Charlie"—were taken from a live radio show broadcast on the New Hampshire radio station WHNW-FM, although they were overdubbed and remixed at Minot Sound.
Several of the songs were based on real-life characters in Taylor's orbit. "'John Tucker' was actually a true story, about this guy that came into the bar and I didn't know who the heck he was," he confirms. "He used to come in with a suitcase in his hand, just sit there and drink. I didn't know if he was going someplace or coming. But I knew he was a fan. I talked to him after the shows, and he would sing all the songs we were playing at a place called JT's in New York. 'You're Alright Charlie' was written about a friend of mine, Charlie Knoblock. We still remain the best of friends; Charlie runs my record company now! I was separated from my wife at the time, and did a bunch of songs for her, including 'Sleepy Eyes,' 'Circle the Tears,' and 'Holding Me Together.'" "My God Be with Me" was inspired by "a little incident that I saw on a train; it's one of those story-songs that I don't often write, but I liked it. I loved the fact that I had George [lead acoustic guitarist George Kiriakis] sing it. He was a very religious, warm fellow. He's a preacher now, and I was glad to turn that song over to him."
The leadoff track, "Same Ol' Story," went into unusually political territory for country music with its references to the then-winding-down Vietnam War. It would become an unexpected smash for Taylor—but only in a very unexpected place. "By that time, I had proven to Warner Brothers I wasn't gonna sell a ton of records," he chuckles. "All of a sudden, I got a phone call from Warner Brothers Holland. He said, 'There's something going on for you here that we don't understand. You're selling more records than we would expect you to sell, and we have no idea why. Do you want to come over here and play a couple of shows, and maybe we'll see why?'"
Resumes Taylor, "So I get there, and the band had had an argument with the owners, and they had left. It was some little jazz cafe, and I was left there by myself. The Warner Brothers people said, 'We're not gonna put you through this, we'll do another show, we'll build up.' And I said, 'I can't do that.' The line was around the block; I couldn't believe how many people were gonna be showing up for this show. It turned out that there was a little country band sitting back there that was supposed to open for me. I said, 'Let me go back there and talk to these boys. Maybe we can do a few songs together.' I went back there and went over a Merle Haggard song with 'em, 'Big River,' 'Long Black Veil,' and a couple of other things; just any country songs that I knew. I said, 'Well, okay, we got three songs we could do. Let me see if we can do some of mine.' 'The Real Thing' [from Last Chance] isn't too hard, I started to play that for 'em, and all of a sudden, they started to sing with me in the chorus. 'You know this song?!' He said, 'Yeah, yeah, we know this song. We know all your songs. We know every song that you got. That's what we do. We do your songs.' So we went out and did a two-hour show or something like that. It was unbelievable. It was among my favorite moments in my life."
Finishes Chip, "When I did that, the record company released 'Same Old Story,' and it went to #2 in the charts in Holland. This Side of the Big River became a big success in Holland, and I was thrilled. I went back over and played a tour, and every show was sold out." That couldn't save Taylor from being dropped by Warner Brothers US, despite Johnny Cash himself (whose mid-'50s hit "Big River" was the sole cover tune on the LP) writing a letter to radio DJs praising Chip's version and asking them to give the album a listen. By the beginning of the '80s, Taylor had wound down his musical activities in favor of professional gambling, though in the last ten years he's redevoted himself to his music with frequent recording and touring.
"There's so much passion in this record that's so real and warm to me," summarizes Chip of This Side of the Big River. "These aren't your typical commercial songs, but boy, if you really want to know me, this is the album that will get you to know me. All the feelings I have for family and friends, the people that mean the most to me, are in here, and a little bit of what I stand for."

cd ripped by EAC

please seed

[url]http://dickthespic.org/[/url]