
A Better Finder Rename is the most complete renaming solution available on the market today. That's why, since 1996, tens of thousands of hobbyists, professionals and businesses depend on A Better Finder Rename to organize and maintain files.

A Better Finder Rename's user interface supports complex renaming tasks without sacrificing ease and speed of use. Simply drag the files you want to rename straight from the Finder into the large preview table or the application icon.. or use our Finder context menu and hot key.

The Instant Preview feature eliminates guesswork and costly errors and helps you find the right settings quickly and accurately by providing as-you-type feedback.

A Better Finder Rename offers a complete set of renaming options that are organized into 15 categories covering all the text, character, position, conversion and truncation features that you would expect from a file renamer, but it does not stop there.

Photographers use the advanced sequence number and date & time features to clean up their portfolios or prepare photos for delivery to their client. A Better Finder Rename knows how to extract EXIF shooting date and time information from digital camera images and exploit them in creating sequence numbers or adding time and date information to the file name. Support for all major RAW formats (including JPEG, CRW, CR2, THM, NEF, TIFF, RAJ, ORF , MRW, DNG, PEF, SRF, etc.) extends this to professional photographers. A Better Finder Rename also deals gracefully with multiple shots captured in the same second.

Version 9 adds support for extracting camera, lens, photo and color meta-data tags and using them in the new tag rename feature. You can now also re-order sequence numbers, alphabetical sequences or roman numeral series directly through dragging and dropping items in the preview list.

System administrators, web masters and other power users will appreciate the presence of advanced features, such as regular expression support, conversion to Windows NTFS/SMB compatible names, the ability to import file names from a database, a spreadsheet or any other source that can produce plain or tab-delimited text files. Last but not least, the ability to save a record of the current and new file names greatly facilitates tracking your files.

Music lovers can use the built-in MP3/AAC support to exploit the id3 meta-data tags embedded in your most music files to create their own naming schemes for their music collection. Meta-data information from MP3, AAC, FLAC, OGG, APE, M4V and iTunes music store files are supported.

The multi-step renaming feature allows multiple renaming steps to be combined to deal with complex renaming jobs in a single operation. Unlike other tools, A Better Finder Rename allows any number of renaming actions to be combined, re-ordered, copied and deleted.

Requirements
Intel, Mac OS X 10.6 or later 


[b]What's New v9.07

* The new version optimizes drawing and artwork for the new MacBook Pro Retina Display.