Abraham-Hicks VOA EP07 The Missing Piece 3DVD vob
'Cultivating The Seed of Success'

For DVDRip, LowRes DVDRip, sound track in MP3 and for more of Abraham-Hicks Torrents see webpage at: 
http://koti.welho.com/walkusko/Abraham-Hicks_Torrents/ 
Sound tracks are in torrent:
Abraham-Hicks 2011 all 30 Full Workshops Collection 3.4 GB

The Missing Piece - Vortex of Attraction (VOA) Series - Episode Seven (3 DVD Set). It was recorded in Phoenix, AZ on 12/10/11. This is Episode 7 of 12 in a series. Each Episode consist of material from a single workshop that stood out in our minds as especially outstanding, where the energy of the group and the point the Teachings had reached just prior to the event came together and made the seminar something truly special. "Vortex of Attraction" (VOA) series are trimmed to about 3 1/2 hours. 

This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Sharing Community. Our intention as a Community is to help one another to get all of the Abraham’s material, particularly the latest. We as a group and as individuals buy it and share it, in any way we can (mainly via Torrents, SugarSync, WeTransfer)... 

Members of this Sharing Group, can receive group emails about new material and about new developments of common interest. If you share our intention, you can be in touch with us by E-mail so that you can be added to our mailing list:
artofallowing20@gmail.com 

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!


The Missing Piece - Vortex of Attraction Series - Episode Seven (3 DVD Set) 
http://www.abraham-hickslawofattraction.com/lawofattractionstore/product/DVD-VOA7.html
Total Running Time 3 hours 10 minutes

DVD 1
Are You Enjoying the Contrast?
All-That-Is Is Flowing Here
Non-Physical You Does Most of the Focusing
The Creation Started Long Before Your Action
Abraham’s Definition of Success
Why Did Jerry Hicks Leave the Physical?
Where Lost Things Go to Hide
Humor Versus Hurtfulness
The Perfect Balance of Love & Appreciation
The Evolution of Source
Abraham Breaks It to Him

DVD 2
Allowing Is What It’s All About
Applying Universal Laws to Business?
The Missing Piece
Overcoming the Dread of Following Inspiration
The Importance of Accountability
Getting to the Bottom of Relationship Problems
How Thoughts Become Things
Are We Ever Only Non-Physically Focused?
Appreciating or Ignoring
Feeling Joy at Jerry’s Transition

DVD 3
The Saga of the Baseball Guy
Non-Physical and Physical
Perspective on Success
The Batting Practice Process
Perspective on Relationships
Becoming a Better Writer
Understanding the Nature of Beauty
Understanding Dramatic Death
Leading Edge Commerce
Why Some Preventive Measures Work
Can The Vortex Overcome Thought?
Let’s Enjoy the Resistance
Maintaining a Thriving Physical Body
She Wants to Know She’s on the Right Path
Leaving Her Child for a Business Trip Is Unsettling
The Difference Between Gratitude & Appreciation
He‘s Frustrated He Can’t Help Others More
How to Train Expectation to Get What You Want