Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:            
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:             
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:            
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:            
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?azc7nmavk6lqxvdbkr007rqavhrh  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xoa59zvq7saneqezpghg55sgm7zp  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?jzk729qxazkbxsm6kov47kpiluon  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?o3ojv30n1z9a0s3pjiqlb1573ew2  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8kori9ykgngrl3isoobcifi341n   ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ih39ye3kaq30wxlbm2m3qnvfdor   vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?d5cisuqh2dk5srctnvgw2cjj1yu4  vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?g3noxivc4e36hwbmt14sf72at79   vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?qoch6r6jswaat69lh1iih2jtwmq   vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: My first time video was a lot of fun. Not going to lie I was a bit worried at first but then when I got here I actually enjoyed myself. I never took my clothes off in public before except for small pranks I did as a kid. Im a pretty conservative and shy girl so doing stuff like is very crazy for me!!! Will I do it again? Maybe when the time is right. I loved telling my stories from when I was a kid and being able to relive them again. It made me feel like that same old kid that was always looking to get into trouble. The banana scene was funny. I'm pretty tight so the banana got squished. I'm a lot more comfortable with my body after this shoot and I was surprised that I was able to fist!!! Not going to lie it felt pretty but I dont think ill do it everytime I masturbate. One thing that I loved was the toys!!! I never played with toys before nor do I own any. But after today I'm definitely going to invest in some! The vibrations on my clit were like no other! I not only finished once, twice, but to the amount that I couldn't keep track! I honestly think that every girl should own a toy of some sort and get to know her body well!

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Chloey was actually set up by a friend of hers who also lives in San Diego, who also shot for FTV (Carina). Somehow though, they got into a fight, and Carina almost sabotaged the shoot (by getting an email account and acting like Chloey, saying that she's too sick to come). Whatever the case, it didn't stop Chloe from coming :) She sent these photos: #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6 #7. She can look rather mature with makeup, but I wanted her somewhat natural, and looking her age. I did ask to have her hair straightened, like in some of the application photos. Knowing the members, they would prefer this. The start of the shoot was the bedroom scene, and her nice, natural orgasm with the vibrator (and visible vaginal contractions). But I liked the pre-lunch video and put it as the beginning of the shoot. The outfit she was wearing when she arrived from the airport (what you see in jeans and that white coat) was really cute and classy looking on her. She had an easy time flashing, even if it was her first time. Some closeups taped in the bedroom, a swollen clit, and some gaping as well. Personally I like her hair up the most -- bring out her pretty face and shows off more of that youthful look. The white dress & heels combo was the sexiest of all the clothes she brought with her (she had a lot of black, but its nice to see lighter colors for once). She likes to dance, so I let her play whatever she wanted (and dance like she would when she's out at a club). She says that she doesn't wear panties sometimes so I wonder if some guy get lucky peeks once in a while! Notice the middle-eastern influences on the way she dances... Then she plays with the vibraking, and has another orgasm with visible vaginal responses.


Model Comments: A little bit about me: I was born in Morocco, and yes I'm Moroccan. People sometimes think I'm Mexican or African-American, but I lived in Morocco till I was 15, then moved to Wisconsin until recently. I wanted to move out of my parents so I headed over to San Diego with some friends. I'm having major roomate issues right now but this shoot will help pay for a lot of my expenses when it comes to moving. I'm not very religious, neither is my family, and we didn't come from a conservative background. I'm so thankful for that because I have friends that turned out pretty bad because they ended up rebelling against their parents when they were so conservative. So I'm in SD to study marketing and I am very good at belly dancing. I want to open up a school for it. I didn't get to do any belly dancing on video but if I come back I'll bring a proper outfit to do it in.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  After we had lunch, it was time to see what kind of penetration she likes, and how extreme or kinky she would be able to go. Starting with the Long Pink Toy, she actually gets off on it, which is a good sign. I had her see how deep she could go by riding it down on the table. Talking about kinky stuff, she brought up that she had used a banana before when she was younger (by the way, she just lost her virginity half a year ago!) and so we have her try out a banana again. She takes it very deep, and her story about the day she first used one was quite interesting. But what blows everything away is that fisting scene. Trying it from the front first, she gets deep and past her wrist, but she wants to go deeper. So doing it the back way, we see her hand go deeper and deeper, past the wristbone and even further! She pounds hard, and the suction sounds are quite erotic. At the very end, I ask her how deep she can go, and she pushes it as far as its possible... and goes incredibly deep. When she pulls out her hand notice how far it did go. She's a small girl, a tight girl, but somehow managed what could be considered impossible... and for such a small teen!