Poster:
 
http://imagedomino.com/?v=475489

Gallery: 
 
http://imagedomino.com/?g=445550

Year: 2011
Country: USA
Genre: Anal, Shemale, Tranny, Hardcore
Duration: 2:55:52
Directed by: Joey Silvera
Studio: Evil Angel Video
Language: English
Starring: Ashley George, Bailey Jay, Danika Dreamz, Deviant Kade, Gabriel Dalessandro, Holly Sweet, Jasmine Jewels,
Juliette Stray, Mark Frenchy, Sasha Strokes
Description: The sultry transsexuals of Joey Silvera's "She-Male Police 2" like to make pervy perpetrators suck hard she-cocks. When the cop is a swaggering, feminine she-male with a chip on her shoulder and a huge rod in her panties, who ya gonna call? Light-skinned black tranny Sasha Strokes is a uniformed officer with thick, luscious lips, leather thigh boots and a black mini-skirt. When she discovers a young, white trespasser, Sasha makes him submit to authority, shoving her cock down his throat and sitting on his face as he eats her ass. She fucks the suspect's tight butthole and brings him to justice with a humiliating cum facial. Next, blonde plumper Holly Sweet - a BBSM (Big Beautiful She-Male) with huge knockers - works undercover by the park. A skinny john pays her for sex only to discover his afternoon date is a member of the she-male police! The guy holsters Holly's dick in his bunghole, then takes her spermy load all over his face. Lovely brunette Bailey Jay and blonde bimbette Juliette Stray are two she-male cops who suck and fuck each other in an amazing gender-bending session of sexual passion. Big-boobed new recruit Danika Dreamz anally abuses her tattooed detainee, making him eat his own cum. And butch detective Jasmine Jewels sets bosomy femme she-male Ashley George upon the straight and narrow with some anal supervision and hard-core guidance. Watch out for she-males with badges. These foxy creatures are on patrol ... and they're cleaning up the streets, punk!
Type WebHD video: 540p
Video format: MP4
Video codec: H.264/AVC
Audio codec: AAC
Video: MPEG4 Video (H264) 960x544 29.97fps 1800kbps
Audio: AAC 44100Hz stereo 152kbps