Starting the week of 11/21/2012 I will be posting the ongoing adventures in the Marvel NOW! storyline.  Each week I will be posting the current week's Marvel NOW titles.  

This means that I will be releasing five packs a week including:

DC Universe 52 (Wednesdays based on scanners release times, but not later than Friday morning)
Marvel NOW! (Marvel Comics in the NOW! universe will be released Wednesdays, based on scanners release times)
Total Marvel (All Marvel Universe comics, released on Thursday, based on scanners release times)
Zero Day (Marvel, DC and Independent comics, released between Saturday night and Sunday afternoon)
Independent Scanners (from scanners not affiliated with groups, released on Mondays)
DC Monthly (all DC Universe comics for the month, released the first Friday after the end of the month)
Total Marvel Monthly (all Marvel Universe comics, released the first Tuesday after the end of the month)

Included in the current week:


Captain America #1 (CBR 11/21/2012)

Thrust into a bizarre, inhospitable world far from home, the all-new, high-adventure, mind-melting, tough-as-nails, sci-fi, pulp-fantasy era of Captain America is NOW!  With no country and no allies, what's left for the Sentinel of Liberty to protect? The Saga of Dimension Z begins here! 

Deadpool #2 (CBR 11/21/2012)

Dead former United States presidents, from George Washington to Gerald Ford have been resurrected, and that's BAD. The Marvel heroes can't be the ones to stop them, someone is needed with the reputation, skills and plausible deniability to take out these com-monsters in chiefs...NOW! is the time for Deadpool In Wade We Trust! 

Indestructible Hulk #1 (CBR 11/21/2012)

Hulk - Indestructible force more weapon than man. Banner - smartest man alive. Combined they are the Strongest, Smartest Weapon on the planet! And NOW! the INDESTRUCTIBLE HULK is an Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.!

Iron Man #2 (CBR 11/21/2012)

Tony's hunt for the rogue Extremis Units takes him to the island of NEW CAMELOT! Introducing THE CIRCLE, a mysterious high-tech brotherhood of mech-knights! IRON MAN vs. the secret Russian Black Exoskeleton Academy's greatest pilot!

Wolverine and the X-Men #21 (CBR 11/21/2012)

STORM joins the faculty of the Jean Grey School! Wolverine is a clown? Iceman is a fire swallower? Rachel Grey a fortune teller? Frankenstein's Murder Circus comes to town! 

