[img]http://img823.imageshack.us/img823/3765/nod32s.png[/img]

ESET NOD32 Antivirus 5 offers advanced detection technologies and multi-layered security features. Designed for a low footprint, fast scanning, it packs security features and customization options for consistent and personalized security on- or offline. ESET NOD32 Antivirus 5 is built on ESET's unique heuristic technology that identifies viruses that have never been seen before. This enables them to protect your computer proactively, in real-time, against new viruses and cyber threats that conventional signature-based antivirus products don't catch. ESET NOD32 Antivirus 5 includes antivirus, antispyware, antirootkit and HIPS protection, removable media control, cloud-enhanced whitelisting and gamer mode.


Quote:
Changelog:

   Added: The number of scanned objects is now displayed in the main program window
   Added: support for SSL False Start in Google Chrome
   Added: support for SSL scanning in recent versions of Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird
   Fix: Product activation now utilizes proxy server
   Fix: GUI opened in a large window
   Fix: Issues with misleading notification bubbles about the program requiring user's attention
   Fix: Issues with detection of emails in Windows Live Mail 2011
   Fix: improved compatibility with HP Protect Tools
   Fix: Removable media blocking feature does not block devices for particular Windows accounts
   Fix: Files scanned by real-time protection on execution with real-time protection disabled
   Fix: minor GUI issues



x86 and x64 included

Quote:
Fix: box, mara-fix 1.6 (Trial reset patch)




Quote:
Important: Disable ESET before trying to download this fix. Before installing, we recommend uninstalling your current protection (including older versions of ESET software), to ensure a smooth transition. You can export all your settings before you uninstall ESET.




Quote:
Notes:  box, mara-fix 1.6 is flagged as virus/potentially unwanted application by ESET, I assure you it's not harmful in any way.





How To Setup?

Quote:

 1. Install ESET EAV/ESS.
 2. Follow the on-screen instructions and read the ReadMe First message.
 3. If ESET is not installed, you can apply the fix during installation. Just run it before installation.
 4. Enjoy..