Chrome: Specforce (C) Deep Silver

03/2006 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Starforce 3.6
2 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Action

In a not too distant future, the rapid advancement of technology has allowed
man's common dream of colonizing distant planets become reality. With need
of further natural resources and living space, the human race rapidly
expands. Unprepared for the scale of development, the Federation, overseer
for the process of colonizing the universe, limit the selling of
'terra-forming' permits. Outraged by the decision, powerful mega
corporations begin holding an authoritarian rule on their very own "private"
planets. The full autonomy of these new worlds soon creates a safe haven
for criminal activity and bringing down the Federation is their number one
priority.

For a little more than 12 months the Federation's special division has led
an investigation into the ever more frequent case of government officers
being confronted by criminals, commonly found under the influence of an as
yet unknown stimulant. Based of synthetic enzymes, the substance causes the
fearless, aggressive, trigger-happy and pain resistant hitmen to wreak
havoc, and the problem is now spreading.

Created with the purpose of ridding the planetary system of global hazards
and crisis situations endangering the Federation's stability, the elite
strike unit Chrome: SpecForce has finally caught a break in the
investigation.

Armed with the latest military technology in combat, designed with Special
Forces in mind, the SpecForce field agents equip themselves with SPA4
Power Armour, the main element of a SpecForce field agent's operational
equipment and vital to mission success. Be it assassination, espionage,
infiltration or sabotage, the armours systems enhance the efficiency of
tactical operations conducted in enemy territory.

Dispatched to the planetary system of Estrella to collect evidence, it
quickly becomes clear that a seemingly simple task leads to an intrigue
on a much grander scale...

Installation Instructions:
1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount with Daemon Tools.
3. Install the game, When asked for a serial enter one of the serials included in Serials.txt.
4. Copy over the cracked content from the Crack directory on CD1 to your
installation directory.
5. Play the game.
