E X T R A O R D i N A R Y   r E V E R S E   E N G i N E E R i N G   S Q U A D

nfo:
ph0!SiLK

Reaching for
perfection...

Release Information

-Release Name    : Angry Birds Seasons
-Release Version : v2.4.1
-Release Group   : ErES
-Release Type    : Cracked
-Operating System: Windows
-Release Date    : 16/07/12
-Filename        : as241
-Disk(s)         : 06 disk(s)

Release Description

Angry Birds Seasons is the gift that keeps on giving! Get into
the spirit of Halloween, Christmas, Valentine's Day,
St.Patrick's Day, Easter and more upcoming seasonal varieties
of Angry Birds. These special episodes offer more challenging
levels of pig-popping action and golden eggs to discover.

Installation Instructions

Two choises:

#1 Normal crack (the classic approach you know and love)

Install
Copy cracked files (Crack Folder) to installed directory.
Register with any key.
Have fun!

#2

Option 2 is a little different from our usual approach. This
Injector should work with future updates aswell, but it
requires a internet connection (so no firewall) because it
reads the packets from inside the game and tricks the game
into thinking the key is valid.

Install.
Copy Injector files (Injector Folder) to installed directory.
Start game and Ctrl-Tab out.
Start injector.
Go back into game, type any serial key.
When the register button becomes visible, click it.
Have fun!

If you like this game, buy it! :)

ErES - Group Information

Here at ErES we consider each member as more than just a collegue or a
friend, but as a family member. It's been just over three years since
ErES was established and in that time in the scene we've produced many
quality releases because of our attitude not only as a group -- but as
individuals; each member of the group has shown respect and friendship
and in return offers loyalty that could only be found when part of a
tight-knit family. We are not a release machine and never intend to be.
We have a relaxed, yet hard-working attitude towards producing releases
and you can see this through all of our current (and future) releases.

If you feel ErES is a family that you want to be part of
we have listed below the currently open positions and things we
require:

Experienced reversers for all Operating Systems;
Skilled coders;
Quality suppliers;
Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with;
Anything else you think we might like!

e r e s g r p  a t  g m a i l . c o m

ascii/nfo:...........ph0!SiLK    updated:............16.04.2010