BDlot Video Converter

200+ codecs inside, support most known video files
Support formats: MKV, M2TS, MTS, AVCHD, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, AVI, MPEG, MP4, WMV, MOV, FLV, RM, WebM, Google TV, etc.

Comprehensive Video Converter, Burner and Video Downloader Combined
BDlot Video Converter is full-featured video converting software, working as a fast video converter, stable DVD burner and handy online video downloader. Thanks to the embedded CUDA/GPU accelerating technology, it really brings you the enjoyment of speed while you don't have to waste time waiting for ever. Even for a novice, you will not only enjoy various videos on your portable devices painlessly, but also download videos from YouTube or share your masterpieces immediately with your family and friends. It's really awesome to complete all your requirements at once.

Convert and Play any HD and SD Videos with Fun
With more than 200 video/audio codecs, BDlot Video Converter enables you to compress and convert all HD videos into a suitable format which is compatible with your video player, including Canon JVC MOD, TOD and Sony M2TS/MTS to AVI/MP4, MKV, Blu-ray, TS, etc. In addition to HD videos, its also allows you to convert regular videos, such as MKV to AVI, MP4/H.264, MOV, etc.

CUDA Brings Unmatchable Visual Enjoyment and Transcoding Speed
The embedded Multi-core CPU Converting Engine makes sure that you will get favorable videos and file size with the highest possible quality. Enjoy the happiness of excellent picture quality with editable bitrate and resolution parameters. Moreover, BDlot Video Converter is optimized with the GPU accelerating technology, ensuring accelerated processing speed up to 15 times converting performance.

Watch Videos on Portable Devices or Via Wireless Network
With professionally organized presets, this video conversion software would be a fantastic iPhone/iPad video converter. you can effortless put all kinds of videos and music in your sweet Apple products as well as mobile phones, such as iPhone, iPad, iPod, Nokia, Blackberry, Android-based Phone, etc. All converted videos, music, photos could easily be streamed by Windows Media Center or other stream servers through wireless network.

Versatile Video Editing and Optimizing Features
Its amazing versatile features include video Cropping, Trimming, Splitting, and De-interlacing. Furthermore, it can automatically mend the incorrect data and continue the conversion smoothly, when your clips cannot be played or sought. You don't have to worry about this problem any longer once you have this unmatched video converter.

Download, Backup, Convert and Upload Videos
This versatile video converter can even be a competent YouTube video downloader, namely you can download online videos from YouTube and similar video sharing websites. Or you can convert your own videos, especially recorded by HD camcorder in AVCHD, M2TS, MOD, etc to upload to YouTube and other online video sharing communities, making it possible to painlessly share your work with others.

Create & Burn Your Own DVDs with Ease
You will be amazed by how easy it can be to burn a personalized DVD. With only a few steps, you can be your own expert to make DVD backup, making it awesome to add something special by means of versatile DVD editing features. What's next? Enjoy your favorite clips on physical DVD player or DVD player software with your friends and family members.

System Requirements:

Support All Windows Operation Systems
Being able to run on all Windows operation systems, including Window 98, XP, Vista (32 & 64 bit), Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit), is another advantage over the peer products in the market. Additionally, it has been particularly optimized for Windows operation systems so that it can be used either on your desktop or laptop with stable performance, and you never need to worry about the compatibility.

Homepage: http://www.bdlot.com/video-converter/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.