read nfo

We are the dreamers of dreams

Today's magic presented by the Digital Insanity heroes is:

MAGIX MP3 deluxe MX v18.0.1.112

Cracker Brainrain & DarkSide Protection Serial
Supplier Digital Insanity Release Date 01/01/2013
Packager Digital Insanity Release Type Keygen
Tester Digital Insanity Release Size 24 disks/10.0 MB Description


We wish you Happy New Year and all the best in the future
Brainrain & DarkSide [Digital Insanity] - Where mind
becomes a weapon

The MP3 software with powerful features


MAGIX MP3 deluxe MX is the perfect MP3 program for your
music collection! Discover an incredible range of function
and flexibility that no other music program can offer! Find
cool new music and enjoy your complete CD collection and
all your MP3s on your PC
Find exactly what you want with the super fast search and
filter functions! Arrange your music according sound and
find tracks, artists and albums, create automatic playlists
with just one click or fill in missing track info



Discover new music any time!

MAGIX MP3 deluxe MX offers the best features for new music;
sound-based music recommendations, dynamic playlists, the
option to transfer music to mobile devices or other MAGIX
programs, not to mention the 3D music universe
Discover new music
Organize & import everything perfectly
Discover new music any time
Unlimited compatibility



The best MP3 deluxe ever!

NEW! The handy program guide: provides easy to follow
instructions
NEW! Additional filter: find music quicker using the
vertical search function
NEW! mufin Vision: now experience your music with the
breathtaking Galaxy view
IMPROVED! Find duplicate songs: search find and delete
duplicate tracks more effectively
IMPROVED! Track info: Edit and create from file names
IMPROVED! Optimal performance for 100% fun with your music



URL: http://www.magix.com




Install notes

1) Install the application
2) Block its inet connection with firewall
3) Enter Serial Number (run kg as admin)
4) Type a fake email
5) Select activate by post/fax or ticket
6) Enter Activation Code (Serial Number and Activation Code
work in pair!)

For plugin activations you should type that driveletter
in the keygen
where the host application is installed!