Five Novels by Jen Lancaster Epub, Mobi

Requirements: Kobo Reader or eReader or Nook Reader | 2.53MB 

Overview: Jennifer ("Jen") Lancaster (born November, 1967) is an author of six published books: Bitter is the New Black; Bright Lights, Big Ass; Such A Pretty Fat; Pretty in Plaid; My Fair Lazy; and If You Were Here, her first foray into fiction. Lancaster was an associate vice president for a technology company prior to being laid off after 9/11. Being laid off, and her adaption thereto, became the subject matter for her blog and, later, her books. Lancaster was raised in Indiana and now resides in Chicago, Illinois with her husband, Fletch, and their many pets. She is known for her razor sharp wit and rampant narcissism which is mentioned in her books.


Bitter is the New Black:
 She had the perfect man, the perfect job-hell, she had the perfect life-and there was no reason to think it wouldn't last. Or maybe there was, but Jen Lancaster was too busy being manicured, pedicured, highlighted, and generally adored to notice.

Bright Light, Big Ass :
 Jen Lancaster hates to burst your happy little bubble, but life in the big city isn't all it's cracked up to be. Contrary to what you see on TV and in the movies, most urbanites aren't party-hopping in slinky dresses and strappy stilettos. But lucky for us, Lancaster knows how to make the life of the lower crust mercilessly funny and infinitely entertaining. 

My Fair Lazy :
 In Jen's corner is a crack team of experts, including Page Six socialites, gourmet chefs, an opera aficionado, and a master sommelier. She may discover that well-regarded, high-priced stinky cheese tastes exactly as bad as it smells, and that her love for Kraft American Singles is forever. But one thing's for certain: Eliza Doolittle's got nothing on Jen Lancaster-and failure is an option.

Pretty in Plaid :
 She was a badge-hungry Junior Girl Scout with a knack for extortion, an aspiring sorority girl who didn't know her Coach from her Louis Vuitton, and a budding executive who found herself bewildered by her first encounter with a fax machine. In this humorous and touching memoir, Jen Lancaster looks back on her life-and wardrobe-before bitter was the new black and shows us a young woman not so very different than the rest of us.

Such a Pretty Fat :
 "To whom the fat rolls┬àI'm tired of books where a self-loathing heroine is teased to the point where she starves herself skinny in hopes of a fabulous new life. And I hate the message that women can't possibly be happy until we all fit into our skinny jeans. I don't find these stories uplifting; they make me want to hug these women and take them out for fizzy champagne drinks and cheesecake and explain to them that until they figure out their insides, their outsides don't matter.


Enjoy!