Spocks Beard - "Live at the Whisky" (NTSC DVD9)
May 11, 1999
Los Angeles, CA
The Whisky a Go-Go

Lineage:

1st generation Pro-Shot VHS > StarTech USB 2.0 Video Capture Cable > Presto! Digital Converter 1.15 > MPEG2 > Adobe Encore CS5.5 > DVD compliant files


Video: 720x480, 8000 kbps (VBR)
Audio: AC-3, 192 kbps, 48.0 kHz


NOTES:

This concert was originally available on VHS only in the late '90s.  It has been out-of-print for many years and never released on DVD (and according to Neal, it will never be released as the quality isn't sufficient).  It is a pro-shot 3 camera shoot with pro-mixed audio.  This is a great document of Spock's Beard near the peak of its powers.  The video and audio were captured from an original copy of the VHS.  

The video is rather dark throughout which causes the color saturation and detail to suffer, but it is still very watchable if you keep the technology used to record it in mind.  The pro-mixed audio is the highlight - all of the instruments can be heard clearly for the most part (though there is a slight lack of low end and the dynamic range isn't the greatest).  If I were rating, I'd give the video a B- and the audio an A-.  

I decided to create a DVD9 for the best quality.  Since the video quality isn't the greatest to begin with, I didn't want to degrade it further by encoding at a low bitrate.  I could've actually gone for a higher bitrate (theoretically), but 8 mbps is the highest allowed by my capture device's native software (which is the only one I can get to work with it).  The original MPEG2 file is about 5.8 GB, I added music and motion menus to the DVD in the authoring phase which accounts for the extra GB or so (the video of the concert itself was not re-encoded).  


Setlist:

01. In The Mouth Of Madness
02. Skin
03. Gibberish
04. Go The Way You Go
05. The Distance To The Sun
06. Crack The Big Sky
07. Ryo's Solo
08. The Doorway
09. The Light / Drum Solo
10. June / Waste Away
11. Squonk
12. Walking On The Wind

A preview of the entire show is available on YouTube:
