covers;
 
http://imgcum.com/img-5067fe7738aa2.html
 
http://imgcum.com/img-5067fe904a83b.html

screens;

 
http://imgcum.com/img-5067ff5ba5657.html
 
http://imgcum.com/img-5067ff83959f3.html
 
http://imgcum.com/img-5067ff9e7746d.html
 
http://imgcum.com/img-5067ffb7edd0f.html
 
http://imgcum.com/img-5067ffd489b2b.html



Black Girl Addiction 1 - Split Scenes

Cast:
Amile Waters
Brown Sugar aka Nazar
Candice Nicole
Hydie Waters
Rane Revere

Length: 2 hr 49 min
Production Year: 2008

Review:

Hydie Waters starts her tease a floor above Stefano. She's cute and lean, but still the possessor of a nice booty. He calls her down for a closer inspection and she waves it around for him. Hydie looks a bit shy, but definitely intrigued by the crazy white boy saying nice things to her. She squats for POV cocksucking, alternately taking it deep and chickenheading the stiffy. They break from that and Stefano worships Hydie's tits while she pets his hard cock. He's all revved up and spreads her legs for a muff dive that has Hydie quaking and looking a bit shocked by the passionate tongue action. Mike bends her over a counter and sticks his face in her ass before mounting in doggy. Her little titties jiggle and back arches as Stefano stirs the honey pot, making Hydie smile sweetly. He picks her up and carries her into a bedroom where they recommence in spoon. A roll into RC after some passionate moments, and Hydie starts putting her ass into her stroke, grinding down on Stefano's cock, then sucking it clean. She mounts in CG and Stefano tags her hard from underneath. Nipple hardening and booty quaking, a happy Hydie hops on Mike's face for a tongue dance. He hands her a Laker blue vibrator to keep her pussy warm while he lubes up, then fingers her ass to prepare for the flesh pipe that enters in mish. Slow, insistent anal lovin', combined with a pink gash juicing vibe, appears to get Hydie off. Even A2M can't keep Hydie from buzzing her clit some more, at least until Mike bangs her from behind, pussy first, with Hydie putting on a queefing show. Stefano's not finished plundering the shithole, and Hydie's not through with the vibrator. A2P and back. Rinse and repeat, and Hydie's asking for a spanking, fucking back at the cock in her pussy. Hydie kneels by the side of the bed and Stefano's glue gun goes off on her face, leaving her spitting the white cream onto her body and streaked across the mouth for a lovely contrast to her brown tones.
This was one of those "Welcome to Porn" moments. Hydie got a passionate partner who pushed her envelope without tearing into her, and turning in an engaging scene. Lots of upside to Hydie, who, though nervous, genuinely seemed to like the action, and may very well be willing to step it up in the future.
