 http://img839.imageshack.us/img839/619/officef.png


Microsoft Office 2013 (also called Office 2013 and Office 15) is the upcoming version of the Microsoft Office productivity suite for Microsoft Windows, and the successor to Microsoft Office 2010. Office 2013 includes extended file format support, user interface updates, and support for touch.[4] Office 2013 is also available for Windows RT. As well as IA-32 and X86-64, and requires Windows 7 or Windows Server 2008 R2 or later (hence cannot be installed on Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008 or other earlier versions).

Microsoft also supports Office Open XML Strict starting, a format which Microsoft has submitted to the ISO for interoperability with other office suites, and to aid adoption in the public sector.

New features also include new Read mode in Word, a Presentation mode in PowerPoint and improved touch and inking in all of the Office programs. Microsoft Word can also insert video and audio from online sources as well as the capability to broadcast documents on the Web.[13] Word and PowerPoint also have bookmark-like features which sync the position of the document between different computers.

Office RT

Microsoft are also releasing a version Office 2013 for Windows RT. Whilst they will look virtually indistinguishable, Office RT will be slightly different under the hood. According to Microsoft, the developers have been able to keep battery and power consumption to an absolute minimum which is crucial on Windows RT devices.

Optimizations have been made to things such as enabling touch mode by default. Also, Microsoft have been able to maximize battery life by looking and changing some features. An example is the blinking which stops after a few seconds if the user stops using the program. This is replaced by a fixed, non-blinking cursor.

Office RT also takes advantage of the hardware by ensuring it properly utilizes the ARM System on a Chip (SoC) processors. Thanks to Windows RT, Office RT can take advantage of the built in graphics card to render videos etc. thus extending the battery.[23] Office RT also stores templates and clip art in the cloud to save on storage space. Office RT no longer ships with different language packs. Instead, Office RT will use the Windows RT language pack currently installed and will prompt the user to install another language pack if they chose another language to work with.[23] Office RT also takes advantage of Windows RT support for cellular network support. Because of this, Office RT has a cap functionality which can detect of the cellular network is metered or not. If it is, the network traffic is throttled to reduce the impact of Office RT.

When the final version of Office Home & Student 2013 RT is released in the userΓÇÖs language, Windows Update on Windows RT will update Office RT beginning in early November and ending in January. The exact release date varies depending on the userΓÇÖs language.

As the version of Office RT included on Windows RT devices is based off the Home & Student version, it cannot be used for "commercial, nonprofit, or revenue-generating activities" unless the organization has a volume license for Office 2013 already, or the user has an Office 365 subscription with commercial use rights.

Microsoft has updated the Office Web Apps that previously shipped with Office 2010. Office Web Apps include updated online versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint and OneNote. The web apps feature the same flat look as their desktop counterparts. The Office Web Apps Preview were released to SkyDrive on 16 July 2012. Users can use the Office Web Apps to create documents, and can download them locally on to their computer.



kijk voor meer informatie op http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Office_2013

lees instructies.txt hoe je moet activeren/installeren!


Met dank aan Wallymc voor de .iso's.



Deze programma wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam.
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc
ga dan eens naar http://www.hetmultimediacafe.be/


Follow me on #Twitter @Koedje 


DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs
