In just 24 sessions of one hour or less, you’ll learn how to drive powerful business results with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011! Using this book’s straightforward, step-by-step approach, you’ll learn how to orchestrate successful CRM projects, automate processes, create more efficient workflows, optimize sales and marketing campaigns, and integrate with your other systems to do even more. One step at a time, you’ll master new features ranging from the new Ribbon interface to SharePoint integration. Each lesson builds on what you’ve already learned, helping you get the job done fast--and get it done right!

 

Step-by-step instructions walk you through common tasks.

Quizzes and exercises at the end of each chapter test your knowledge.

By the Way notes present information related to the discussion.

Did You Know? tips offer advice or show you easier ways to perform tasks.

Watch Out! cautions alert you to possible problems and give you advice on how to avoid them.

 

Learn how to...

    Get a deep jump start on Dynamics CRM
    Grasp what is new in Dynamics CRM 2011
    Bring together all the elements of a successful CRM project
    Understand Microsoft’s roadmap for Dynamics CRM and prepare for the future
    Establish a strong foundation by making the right infrastructure and security choices
    Use Dynamics CRM to manage sales, leads, customer accounts, and marketing
    Efficiently manage your individual contacts and activities
    Take full advantage of email, Word mail merge, Excel and Outlook integration
    Integrate and automate the way you manage contracts, cases, tickets, schedules, and time
    Gain actionable business insights with Dynamics CRM Dashboards and Charts
    Add solutions from the MarketPlace that make Dynamics CRM even more valuable
    Extend Dynamics CRM with programming customizations and unique features



Paperback: 528 pages
Publisher: Sams; 1 edition (January 30, 2012)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0672335379
ISBN-13: 978-0672335372