COMODO Internet Security Premium 5.10.228257.2253 Final (2012) [MULTi]

Released: 2012
Operating System: Windows XP/Vista/7
Language: Multi
Size: x86 58 MB / X64 61 MB
Activation: not required

Comodo Internet Security - a software package for comprehensive protection for your computer. Includes: COMODO Antivirus, COMODO Firewall and COMODO Defense

Comodo Firewall - a small, free firewall to protect computers running Windows. The program has a simple and convenient interface, displays detailed information (IP address, open ports, application path, etc.) on all connections. Built in the Comodo Firewall framework to automatically detect and display the options you want to work with more than ten thousand applications.

Comodo AntiVirus automatically detects and removes malicious software.

Perfectly balanced software for security on the web. The complex includes all the necessary tools for a quiet surf the Internet, to combat viruses, Trojans, adware-modules, etc.

Comodo Firewall and Comodo Antivirus can be installed separately, as independent of each other's programs, using the same installation file.

Features of Comodo Internet Security:
Monitor and scanner files
E-mail Scanner
Monitor processes, etc.
Automatic disinfection and quarantine
Working with different types of media and types of memory
Easy to use graphical user interface
Well thought-out configuration

Main features of Comodo Firewall:
Tracking program components;
The analyzer program behavior;
Protection against trojan protocols;
Smart alerts;
Integration with Windows Security Center;
Protection of critical completion;
Protection during startup;
Automatic update;
The interface to send a bug report;
A detailed log;
The monitor connections;
Database programs - more than 13,000 programs, with their security risks.

Main features of Comodo AntiVirus:
Advanced heuristic analysis and proactive protection intercepts unknown viruses.
Real-time protection, monitoring processes and on-demand scanner.
Block Internet worms before they begin to have effect.
Scan e-mail.
Automatic daily virus database updates.