SAVIOUR; a melodic hardcore/metal act from the north coast of Perth, Western Australia, performing an energetic and angst driven style that combines the heaviness of Parkway Drive with the unharnessed emotion of Carpat...hian and dark melodic sensibilities of The Ghost Inside. Bursting onto the scene in 2009 with their high octane live performances and a slew of original material, this 5-piece have since played many successful live shows, built a solid following and supported heavyweight acts such as All Shall Perish, Emmure, For The Fallen Dreams, Stick To Your Guns, The Amity Affliction and Confession along the way.


SAVIOUR's debut full-length album, "Once We Were Lions", is a collection of 13 tracks showcasing their ability to seamlessly forge harmony and dissonance through angst driven emotional performances expressing both positivity, contemplation and lament. From the driving first single,"Vomit", to the crushingly heavy "Scarecrow", the beautifully emotional "Evelette" or the bouncing new school vibe of "Atlantis", the album is a first class,very impressive and dynamic debut offering for listeners of heavy music everywhere The record features guest vocal performances from Sean from Make Them Suffer, Shaun from Vanity and multiple appearances from female vocalist, Shontay Snow, whose haunting and beautiful melodies add a complementing contrast to vocalist Bryant Best's harsh screaming throughout the album.


After self-financing the production and then pressing the album independently in July of 2011, SAVIOUR went on to sell 500+ physical copies via live shows and mail-orders without any retail sales or distribution. They toured nationally around Australia and gained a legion of new fans in the process. The band garnered the attention of SKULL AND BONES RECORDS, who signed them in late 2011. They will be touring Australia again in early 2012 supporting the release of the album before returning home to focus on the production of their sophomore full length effort.


SAVIOUR "Once We Were Lions" CD/DVD will be available January 27th 2012 on SKULL AND BONES RECORDS/SHOCK through all good record stores. The album will be re-packaged and released in a limited edition Digipak containing the CD, a full booklet insert and bonus DVD comprising of the music video for the album's first single, "Vomit", and a full live set performed and filmed July 2011 in HD.

This includes their 6 song demo and their latest album