Natural Health - AprilMay 2012
English | PDF | 104 pages | 17.7MB

Let Natural Health show you nature's way to: health and well-being, food and nutrition, beauty and style!

CONTENTS
Features
health
58 Cycle of Life - Bikes are an ideal way to get from place to place while saving your health and sanity. not to mention money and Mother Earth. Here's how to get in the saddle yourself (excuses be damned!). » By Suzanne Schlosberg
nutrition
66 Great Grains - Move over brown rice. These unexpected whole grains are brimming with nutrients, simple to prepare and downright delicious. » By Matthew Kadey, M.Sc., R.D.
beauty
72 Citrus Appeal - You know that citrus fruits are good for your health, but they're just as powerful when it comes to keeping your skin, hair and makeup fresh and youthful » By Melissa Foss
environment
78 Six Smart Ways to Save the Planet - Environmental issues you may not know about. why you should and how you can help » By Kate Wertheimer

Cover stories
24 Farmers market s hopping tips
26 Do you need to detox?
46 The truth about GMOs
52 Drug-free relief for allergies
58 Commuh'T cycling marie ??implp
66 Beyond brown rice: 5 grains to try
72 Smoother, younger skin now
78 The genius guide to going green
84 Why can't you lose weight?

Departments
15 10 Ways to Go Natural - Pee in the shower ... Garden with a group ... Brush with a conscience ... Clean up the U.S .. and more,
20 Naturally n Love Your Pets: D is not for dogs Eat Well, How to get the most from your trip to the farmers market ... Detox: Eat clean to be green ..
Stay Healthy: Heart your toothbrush
Dish: Meatballs made better.
32 Vital Advice - How Can I Control Genital Herpes? Natural remedies can help stop outbreaks. - Vicky Uhland
34 Beauty News - Probiotics for your skin .. Greener hair care ... Editor's Pick. - Lindsey Gailoway
36 Natural Beauty - Beauty of the Senses: Look and feel fabulous with beauty products that stimulate and soothe your five senses. » Ashlee Hillier
42 The Bliss Factor - Green for a Baby: How trying to conceive inspired a more natural lifestyle. - Leslie Goldman
46 Healthy Appetites - GMOs: Friend or Foe? The answer is not as clear as you might think. - Allison Young
52 Good Medicine » The Sneezin' Season: Natural remedies for your allergy symptoms. - Stacy Whitman
84 Natural Healing - Can't Lose the Weight? Find out the reasons you're struggling to peel off the pounds.
Ask the Experts: Is boxed wine better for the e:wironment? And more.
96 Make One Change - Keep It Simple: Make room for what matters most in your life. » Sasha Cagen

In every lssue
10 Editor's Letter
12 Letters
90 Shopping Guide