The New Rules of Lifting for Women: Lift Like a Man, Look Like a Goddess (Third Edition)
by Lou Schuler, Cassandra Forsythe M.S. and Alwyn Cosgrove
Avery Trade | December 2008 | ISBN-10: 1583333398 | ePUB/MOBI/PDF | 271 pages | 2.1/2.6/7.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-New-Rules-Lifting-Women/dp/1583333398
PDF conversion is mine.

In The New Rules of Lifting for Women, authors Lou Schuler, Cassandra Forsythe, and Alwyn Cosgrove present a comprehensive strength, conditioning, and nutrition plan destined to revolutionize the way women work out. All the latest studies prove that strength training, not aerobics, provides the key to losing fat and building a fit, strong body.
This book refutes the misconception that women will “bulk up” if they lift heavy weights. Nonsense! It’s tough enough for men to pack on muscle, and they have much more of the hormone necessary to build muscle: natural testosterone. Muscles need to be strengthened to achieve a lean, healthy look. Properly conditioned muscles increase metabolism and promote weight loss—it’s that simple.
The program demands that women put down the “Barbie” weights, step away from the treadmill, and begin a strength and conditioning regime for the natural athlete in every woman.
The New Rules of Lifting for Women, now in paperback, will change the way women see fitness, nutrition, and their own bodies.

Table of Contents
PART 1 - BEHIND THE COVER LINES
Chapter 1 - Why Should a Woman Lift Like a Man?
Chapter 2 - The Truth About Your Muscles
Chapter 3 - Step Away from the Treadmill
PART 2 - YOU AREN'T WHAT YOU DON'T EAT
Chapter 4 - The War Against Food
Chapter 5 - The Carb Wars Are So Over
Chapter 6 - Good Nutrition: Simple Versus Simplistic
Chapter 7 - Our Meal Plans Can Beat Up Their Meal Plans
PART 3 - RESISTANCE IS VITAL
Chapter 8 - Smart Women, Foolish Workouts
Chapter 9 - Core of Babylon
Chapter 10 - A Woman ' s Place Is in the Weight Room
Chapter 11 - The Right Moves
Chapter 12 - Extra Stuff to Do
Chapter 13 - Yes , You
Notes