                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: Android 2.1+, Galaxy S2/S3/Spring Epic 4G Touch
Overview: Total Recall Galaxy S2 is the Best Selling Android Call Recorder On the Planet!


Total Recall Call Recorder for Samsung Galaxy S2 | Automatically or Manually Record Calls & Voice Notes with ease. Unlike many other Recorders on the Market Total Recall is designed to record your call directly from the line NOT the Mic, resulting in higher quality audio on compatible devices.

Total Recall Call Recorder is designed specifically for the following devices:

> Samsung Galaxy S2 i9100
* Including ROOTED S2's updated to ICS (4.0.3)
> Sprint Epic 4G Touch (T-mobile S2 variant)

------
NEW!!!
------
v1.9.7 will now record calls (both sides, directly from the active call line NOT the MIC!) on ROOTED Galaxy S2's running ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich OS 4.0). Tested and confirmed on Standard & MIUI ROMs however others should work (please let us know). This is for ROOTED devices only. You will now use Strategy B in Audio->Advanced Settings if it's not set automatically.
Total Recall by Killer Mobile(R) is by far the most Popular Call Recorder on the Planet and has been since 2004. Total Recall is the ONLY Call Recorder App that's been been used by literally MILLIONS of users in every country across the globe, and the only Cross Platform Compatible Call Recorder that can record calls on not only Android, but also Nokia S60, Symbian, Meego & Windows Mobile 5 & 6 devices.

Total Recall is.....
> Feature Packed & Easy to Use
> The Only Cross Platform Compatible Mobile Call Recorder on the Market
> Developed by a company that's been building mobile apps since 2003
> We were the first and still one of the only Call Recording Apps to fully support the Samsung Galaxy S2 (i9100 & T989 variants)
> Supports full two sided call recording on more devices than any other recorder on the market due to our exclusive 5 step recording wizard available when you first install the appl
> Customer Support via Email & Forums (And yes, we really do reply to our customers!)

What's in this version:
v1.9.23
- Updated S2 & S3 Presets
- Set AMR format to Default



                                By bobiras2009		