


POtHS - Creation 43 - Foundations For A Biblical Worldview - Dr Thomas Sharp







POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

Description

FOUNDATIONS FOR A BIBLICAL WORLDVIEW -

This adult level course establishes the foundations for a Biblical worldview over the progression of four 50-minute lessons.  Hosted by Dr. G. Thomas Sharp
Including Study Guides and interviews with the following noted theologians and scholars -
   Pastor Chuck Smith
   Roger Oakland
   Paul Vitz
   John Morris
   Randall Price
   Ian Taylor
   John Eidsmoe

Lesson 1 - What is Worldview?
Lesson 2 - Knowledge: The Foundation of Worldview
Lesson 3 - The Pursuit of Truth
Lesson 4 - The Impact of Evolutionism on American Christians

Videos may be purchased on DVD at the following website: http://www.creationtruth.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=197&Itemid=118

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
