Release info:


The software, password recovery software is the complete series for business users, and the company has made. Users can use this operating system, personal information, files and documents that have been encrypted by other software to decode. specifications can include this software.

Windows Password Reset and Removal:
If you forget your Windows password, this software will help you to. Password Recovery Bundle  of Windows 8, 7, 2008, Vista, XP, 2003, 2000, supports.
 
Email Password Recovery:
Supports Microsoft Outlook 98/2000 / XP / 2003/2007/2010, Outlook Express, Windows Mail, Windows Live Mail, Hotmail, Gmail, Eudora, Incredimail, Becky! Internet Mail, Phoenix Mail, Ipswitch IMail Server, Reach-a-Mail, Mozilla Thunderbird, Opera Mail, The Bat!, PocoMail, Pegasus Mail is a feature of the software.
 
Instant Messenger Password Recovery:
With this software you can easily recover your passwords an Instant forgotten.
This software MSN Messenger, Windows Messenger, MSN Explorer, Windows Live Messenger, AIM Pro, AIM 6.x and 7.x, Google Talk, MyspaceIM, Trillian Basic, Trillian Pro, Trillian Astra, Paltalk, Miranda, Digsby, Pidgin , GAIM, EasyWebCam, Camfrog Video Chat, Ipswitch Instant Messaging support for sure.
 
Recover password encrypted file:
Tvnayy of this section may include:
PST Password Recovery 
PDF Password Recovery 
Office Password Recovery 
Archive Password Recovery 
Access Password Recovery MS 
SQL Server Password Recovery
 
Internet password recovery:
You can help the software to recover your forgotten passwords to your browsers. 
FTP Password Recovery software is also capable of this section.

Install:
1.Install program
2.Run from desktop shortcut
3.Activate the program

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.
