Tommy McCook & The Supersonics~Pleasure Dub (Pressure Sounds) [FLAC] {MKOP}

Can’t take any more tuneless heavy dub? Then Pressure Sounds have the cure.

Pleasure Dub, as the title suggests, is a series of highly creative versions to elegant and feel-good Duke Reid produced rocksteady and early reggae A sides. These dubs were remixed in the mid 70s, after Reid’s death, by his nephew Errol Brown, who became head engineer at Treasure Isle once Jamaica’s first major female producer, Sonia Pottinger took charge. Prior to this release, the original Pleasure Dub has never been issued on cd. The music itself was laid down by ex Skatalite saxophonist Tommy McCook and a changeable collective of players called The Supersonics. Old time tunes getting the echo treatment include Phylis Dillon’s Right Track, The Paragons’ The Tide Is High, and Dillon’s chunky underrated cut to Marlena Shaw’s Woman Of The Ghetto. Additionally, Pressure Sounds have attached some bonus versions. These include two different mixes to John Holt’s ever popular hallucinatory tale Ali Baba, and a jolly organ workout atop Alton Ellis’ sprightly but hard hearted brush off Girl I’ve Got A Date.Brown tended to favour reverb and delay over simply fading or muting the various elements. The result is an instrumentally busier, less subtle sound than that of the dubs created at Coxsone Dodd’s rival label Studio 1 (some listeners may find the incessant crashing snares a little OTT). McCook was a hornsman first and foremost, but his occasional flute playing is as distinctive an ingredient as Brown’s re-interpretive effects.

All in all, this is a good way into dub for people who don’t like it and a rare and vital link with its roots for those who do. A pleasure from start to finish.~Angus Taylor (reggaenews)

01. Tracking Dub
02. Love Dub
03. Dub with Strings
04. Lift Off
05. Ride de Dub
06. Rema Skank
07. Bond Street Rock
08. Many Questions
09. The Attorney
10. Silver Hour
11. Twilight Rock
12. Dreads Leaving Babylon
13. Side Walk Doctor
14. I Shave the Barber
15. Barbering
16. Seven Eleven (7-11)
17. I See Your Face Version
18. Scrubit (feat Lizzy)

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders