                     MS SQL Server 2012 Integration Services-2010kaiser



Over 80 expert recipes to design, create, and deploy SSIS packages
Full of illustrations, diagrams, and tips with clear step-by-step instructions and real time examples
Master all transformations in SSIS and their usages with real-world scenarios
Learn to make SSIS packages re-startable and robust; and work with transactions
Get hold of data cleansing and fuzzy operations in SSIS
In Detail
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a leading tool in the data warehouse industry - used for performing extraction, transformation, and load operations. This book is aligned with the most common methodology associated with SSIS known as Extract Transform and Load (ETL); ETL is responsible for the extraction of data from several sources, their cleansing, customization, and loading into a central repository normally called Data Warehouse or Data Mart.
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Integration Services: An Expert Cookbook covers all the aspects of SSIS 2012 with lots of real-world scenarios to help readers understand usages of SSIS in every environment.
Written by two SQL Server MVPs who have in-depth knowledge of SSIS having worked with it for many years.
This book starts by creating simple data transfer packages with wizards and illustrates how to create more complex data transfer packages, troubleshoot packages, make robust SSIS packages, and how to boost the performance of data consolidation with SSIS. It then covers data flow transformations and advanced transformations for data cleansing, fuzzy and term extraction in detail. The book then dives deep into making a dynamic package with the help of expressions and variables, and performance tuning and consideration.
What you will learn from this book
Step-by-step instructions to create Data Flow; and working with different sources and destinations
Focus on some best practices for raising the performance of packages and data flow
Understand Containers and Loop structures in SSIS
Explore all the aspects of event handlers in SSIS
Gain knowledge to debug, troubleshoot, and migrate packages
Master the different ways to deploy and execute packages
Approach
This book is written in a simple, easy to understand format with lots of screenshots and step-by-step explanations.
Who this book is written for
If you are an SQL database administrator or developer looking to explore all the aspects of SSIS and need to use SSIS in the data transfer parts of systems, then this is the best guide for you. Basic understanding of working with SQL Server Integration Services is required.

ENJOY AND SEED!!!