 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052097/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1

Storyline

Searching for a doctor who can help him get his son to speak again--the boy hadn't uttered a word since he saw his mother die in the fire that burned down the family home--a Confederate veteran finds himself facing a 30-day jail sentence when he's unfairly accused of starting a brawl in a small town. A local woman pays his fine, providing that he works it off on her ranch. He soon finds himself involved in the woman's struggle to keep her ranch from a local landowner who wants it--and whose sons were responsible for the man being framed for the fight.

User Review

The movie concerns about a father(Alan Ladd), Confederate veteran, and his mute son(David Ladd,in real life also)who after framed impeachment by a judge(Henry Hull) they find shelter in a spinster's farm (Olivia De Havilland). The veteran is searching a medic which can cure his son. Meanwhile they'll have to confront a shepherd family (Dean Jagger and Harry Dean Stanton) and taking on deal of dangers.

In the film there are glimmer landscapes, familiar drama ,shootouts and agreeable feeling. The movie talks upon typical western old theme: fights between settlers and cattlemen. The final showdown amongst the protagonists and enemies is exciting. Runtime film is adjusted, one hour and half approx. ,it is neither dreary , nor tiring but enjoyable.

Alan Ladd interpretation is top notch likeness his son David Ladd (future marriage to Cheryl Ladd and father of Jordan Ladd). Support cast is awesome, as Dean Jagger and Harry Dean Stanton(Paris, Texas), outstanding actor with a long career that today continues. Olivia De Havilland is enticing, gentle and sweet. Ted Mc Cord cinematography is riveting and glamorous . Jerome Moross musical score is fascinating, similar to soundtrack that he made in ┬¿Big country┬¿ deemed the best western score along with ┬¿ The seven magnificent┬¿. The yarn will appeal to western buffs and sentimental argument lovers. Rating : Good. Well catching