Jack White - Freedom at 21 [promo].VOB


Very HQ 2012 promo music video from a promo DVD. "Freedom at 21" is a song from Blunderbuss, the debut solo album by Jack White, released on April 23, 2012 through White's own label Third Man Records in association with XL Recordings and Columbia Records. The album was released in mp3, compact disc, and vinyl editions. The album was written, recorded and produced entirely by White in 2011. The first single from the album, "Love Interruption", was released on January 30 through White's website and Third Man Records website. The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 138,000 copies.

"Freedom at 21", a track originally released via helium balloon as a part of a stunt for Record Store Day, was leaked onto the internet on April 14, 2012. It also features a guest appearance from Josh Homme from the band Queens of the Stone Age playing a cop at the end of the video.

Blunderbuss has its roots in White's recordings with several artists including Tom Jones. White was in contact with Wu-Tang Clan member RZA and, when RZA couldn't attend the session, White felt bad since there was a band that travelled to Nashville for apparently no reason. White decided to record several tracks that he wrote in the last 6 months of 2011, with the band. The tracks would later develop into songs that appear on the album. This album also marked the first time that Jack wrote all the songs in one session, rather than writing the material separately. Jack White has stated Blunderbuss is a record he could not release until now. He went on to state, "I've put off making records under my own name for a long time but these songs feel like they could only be presented under my name. These songs were written from scratch, had nothing to do with anyone or anything else but my own expression, my own colors on my own canvas."

Jack White, often credited as Jack White III, is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist and occasional actor. He was best known as the guitarist, pianist and lead vocalist of The White Stripes until they split in February 2011, as well as a member of The Raconteurs and The Dead Weather.
 
He is ranked No. 70 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time". White's popular and critical success with The White Stripes enabled him to collaborate as a solo artist with other renowned musicians, such as Beck, The Rolling Stones, Jeff Beck, Alicia Keys, Bob Dylan, Electric Six, Insane Clown Posse, and Loretta Lynn, whose 2004 album Van Lear Rose he produced and performed on. In 2006, White became a founding member of the rock band The Raconteurs. In 2009, he became a founding member and drummer of his third commercially successful group, The Dead Weather. He was awarded the title of "Nashville Music City Ambassador" by the Nashville mayor Karl Dean in 2011. White released his debut solo album Blunderbuss on April 24, 2012.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blunderbuss_(album) 
      
http://bayimg.com/BACKGAaEa 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25fps 9585kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:02:54




*Install the "Media Player Classic Home Cinema" player if you can't play this 
 file, or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
 It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.3


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*   
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	