Book Description
Publication Date: August 9, 2011  | ISBN-10: 0080970702  | ISBN-13: 978-0080970707  | Edition: 5

Learn more about health and safety with this NEBOSH-endorsed textbook, written and designed specifically to help you pass your course.

Matched to the NEBOSH National General Certificate in Occupational Health and Safety 

Practice NEBOSH questions and sample answers based on recent examinations at the end of each chapter allow you to test your knowledge and increase your understanding 

All relevant legislation is summarised for quick reference

Introduction to Health and Safety at Work, 5th edition covers the basics of occupational safety and health. The book is the definitive handbook to the National General Certificate in Occupational Health and Safety from NEBOSH with each element of the syllabus explained in detail. To make studying easier, each chapter starts with learning outcomes and ends with questions taken from recent NEBOSH examinations. Specimen answers and a study skills chapter aid exam preparation.

It is highly illustrated with over 60 new diagrams and photographs in full colour making learning easy for all. There is a companion website with editable training slides and illustrations to help tutors deliver health and safety courses.

This book is a handy reference for managers and directors dealing with the day-to-day issues of health and safety and is also of great value to those studying for level 3 N/SVQ and the IOSH Managing Safely Award. It covers all the essential elements of health and safety management, the legal framework, risk assessment and control standards and includes checklists, report forms and record sheets. In addition, useful topics outside the syllabus have been included and an additional chapter to cover other aspects of health and safety and related topics that many readers will find helpful on completion of the course - construction activities, environmental considerations and international issues

New in this edition:

Fully restructured in line with new 2010 NEBOSH syllabus 

Inclusion of a summary of the Report on Health and Safety 'Common Sense Common Safety' by Lord Young

Gives particular regard to changes in legislation relating to the Site Waste Management Plans Regulations, the Control of Artificial Radiation at Work Regulations, Chemicals (Hazard Information and Packaging for Supply) Regulations (CHIP4) and the European Classification, Packaging and labelling regulations

A chapter with guidance on searching the internet with a range of significant Occupational health and Safety Websites. There are dozens of internet references throughout the book

Since the Practical Application NGC3 has been significantly revised, Chapter 20 includes a sample practical application based on the new scope and format

