                                      AsSalaamualaikum

This torrent contains a collection of all lectures and speeches delivered by 
His Excellence Muhammad Akram Awan (Madda-Zillahul-Aali). His words are capable of inspiring love upon Allah and his beloved Prophet in the hearts of the listeners and simultaneously motivating and making them to become enlightened and practical Muslims.



Hazrath Ameer Muhammed Akram Awan (Mudda zillahul aali) is an accomplished Shaik of our times. Born on 31’st December 1934 in District Chakwal, he has given nearly fourty years of his life to the pursuit of Tasawwuf and Suluk. His Power to turn the hearts is known internationally. As a result of the exalted company of his shaik and teacher, Maulana Allah Yar Khan (d.1984) and his insatiable drive to seek cognition, Allah blessed his heart with a singular connection with Quran, enabling him to directly affect the hearts. It appears that the message and meaning of the Quran is spiritually inspired into his subtle heart directly from Divine Presence, and he reduces it to writing considering it to be a sacred trust, to the benefit of all seekers of Allah’s cognition.


It was in 1971 CE, when a group of Allah’s people, of which Hazrath Ameer Muhammed Akram Awan (Mudda zillahul aali) was a member was present before Multazim ( bait-Allah’s door ) in makkah under the auspicious leadership of Shaik Allah Yar Khan (RAH), It is the generous court from where no one returns empty handed. Those gifted with spiritual Vision observed in that magnificient downpour of blessings and favours, that the author was endowed with a unique gift, which was an honour singular to him and it was the wisdom of the Quran. Then people witnessed that he started expounding the Quran with such an eloquence and insight that even the experts were left Spellbound.

A flamboyant speaker, an inspiring leader, an intellectual and reformist, the author is a versatile personality. He resiedes in the rocky town of Munara, District Chakwal, 150 km from the Country’s capital Islamabad and is the source of Spiritual life for thousands of seeking hearts.
