Former Child Prostitute Links Jerry Sandusky to Pedophile Ring in 'Dr. Phil' Exclusive 

 

Claims That Sandusky and Others Traded Photos of Naked Boys Like Baseball Cards; Dr. Phil Also Talks With Travis Weaver, One of Sandusky's Alleged Abuse Victims Who Has Come Forward

 

 

HOLLYWOOD, CA--(Marketwire - Sep 27, 2012) - In his first television interview, Greg Bucceroni alleges to Dr. Phil that during the late 70s and early 80s, he was the victim of a pedophile ring that included convicted child molester and former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky. This exclusive interview will air Friday, September 28, 2012 (check your local listings). 

Bucceroni, now 48, says he was 12-years-old when he was lured into a high profile, tri-state pedophile ring by Ed Savitz, a prominent Philadelphia businessman, whom he met through an after school program. In 1980, Bucceroni says Savitz told him Sandusky wanted to "swap" boys and have sex with him for $200.

During that first reported meeting, which allegedly took place at a "Second Mile" fundraiser, Bucceroni said Sandusky flirted with him and spoke the same way "a guy would talk to a girl in a bar." Not long after this incident, Bucceroni decided he was going to "bury" his past, but says the trauma of his teen years resurfaced throughout his life -- especially when Sandusky was arrested last fall.

"As parents and adults, we need to do two things," said Dr. Phil. "We need to know more about these authority figures that we blindly turn our children over to, and we have to teach our children to self-protect and trust their instincts."

On June 22, 2012, a jury found Sandusky guilty of 45 charges of sexual abuse with young boys. Sentencing will take place on October 9, 2012. Savitz died of AIDS in 1993, just days before the start of his trial on molestation charges.

Also on the show is Travis Weaver, Sandusky's first alleged victim to make his identity known. Weaver says he was molested close to 100 times by Sandusky when he was a teen.

Weaver told Dr. Phil, "Jerry Sandusky robbed me of my childhood and that's something I will never, ever forget."


Documents and/or Photos available for this release:

Greg Bucceroni and Dr. Phil

To view supporting documents and/or photos, go to www.enr-corp.com/pressroom and enter Release ID: 338529