Mumford & Sons are a British folk rock band. The band consists of Marcus Mumford (vocals, guitar, drums, mandolin), Ben Lovett (vocals, keyboards, accordion, drums), "Country" Winston Marshall (vocals, banjo, dobro), and Ted Dwane (vocals, string bass, drums, guitar). The band formed in December 2007, rising out of what some in the media labeled the "West London folk scene" with other artists such as Laura Marling, Johnny Flynn and Noah and the Whale.

Mumford & Sons recorded an EP, Love Your Ground, and toured extensively in Ireland to expose audiences to their music and build support for an eventual album. Their debut album, Sigh No More, was released in Ireland in October 2009, and February 2010 in the United States. The album reached number one in Ireland, Australia and New Zealand and peaked at number two on the UK Album Chart and the Billboard 200 in the US.[2][3]

The band gained popularity throughout 2010, performing for larger audiences and making their first network television appearances in the U.S. On 1 December 2010, the band received two Grammy Award nominations, one for Best New Artist and the other for Best Rock Song ("Little Lion Man"). They won the ARIA Music Award for Most Popular International Artist in 2010, and the Brit Award in 2011 for Best British Album.

As of the end of their North American Tour in the Summer of 2011 they reportedly went home to England and started recording a new album. Various songs from the album have been performed during live shows, and the tentatively-titled track "Ghosts That We Knew" was debuted in a live studio performance at the Philadelphia-based station Radio 104.5. The official release date of the album has not been announced.

Please enjoy their album "Sigh No More" in Lossless FLAC format.  Thanks!

Tracklist:


1:  Sigh No More  
2:  Cave 	
3:  Winter Winds 	 
4:  Roll Away Your Stone 	
5:  White Blank Page 
6:  I Gave You All 
7:  Little Lion Man 
8:  Timshel 
9:  Thistle & Weeds 
10: Awaky My Soul 
11: Dust Bowl Dance 	
12: After the Storm