Please seed!

The Pasadena Roof Orchestra (commonly abbreviated to PRO) is a contemporary
band from England that specialises in the jazz and swing genres of music of the
1920s and 1930s, although their full repertoire is considerably wider. The
orchestra has existed since 1969, although the line-up has frequently changed.
It has achieved success outside of the United Kingdom, most notably in Germany. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pasadena_Roof_Orchestra

The Swing Sisters are a trio of female Danish singers who perform hit songs of
the 1940s and earlier. The trio often pay tribute to The Andrews Sisters, as
well as many others, such as The Boswell Sisters. They have collaborated with
the Pasadena Roof Orchestra on several occasions. The group has a strong
following in Denmark, Sweden, Germany and England. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swing_Sisters

With art work.


The Pasadena Roof Orchestra Featuring The Swing Sisters  -  Sentimental Journey
1993

01  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - In The Mood
02  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Why Can't You Behave?
03  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - I Can Dream Can't I?
04  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Someone To Watch Over Me
05  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Deed I Do
06  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy
07  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Sentimental Journey
08  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Lullaby Of Broadway
09  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Beer Barrel Polka
10  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Side by Side
11  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Rum And Coca Cola
12  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Hold Tight
13  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Blue Skies
14  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Don't Sit Under
                                                        The Apple Tree
15  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Bei Mir Bist Du Schon
16  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Alexander's Ragtime Band
17  PRO feat. the Swing Sisters - Sentimental Journey - Ev'rtime We Say Goodbye
 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/sentimental-journey-mw0000725453