Dungeon Lords MMXII (c) DreamCatcher Interactive

09/2012: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: None
1: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: RPG

The great wizard Galdryn of the Meadows has been slain be a deadly
conspiracy within the Circle of Mages. His chief ally, Lord Davenmor, now
struggles to save his kingdom from the dark forces of the conspiracy and
the onslaught of Lord Barrowgrim's army of marauders. Lord Davenmor has
promised his daughter's hand in marriage to Lord Barrowgrim to quell the
invasion, but her heart belongs to another and after learning of her
father's pledge, she has vanished

Sensing treachery, Lord Barrowgrim has sent his army once more to destroy
Lord Davenmor and raze the kingdom. Thus begins Dungeon Lords, a tale
of Love, Hate, Betrayal, Revenge, Honor, and Evil

FEATURES

Co-op story mode for up to 8 players and full single-player game
experience
50-70 hours
Completely reworked intuitive Graphic User Interface
New Multiplayer Features
Dual Switchable Interface Modes
(supports Hot-Key action play and Point&Click play)
Updated full hardware Screen Resolution support
(16:10, 16:9, 1920x1080 etc.)
New quick-start Hero character creation system
All new Magic system including new Magic Spells
New Hero Classes, new and improved Class Skills, and new unique Class
action abilities
New Character Advancement and Level Up with auto-learn Magic system
All new Quest and Log System
New Mini Map and Full Map Screens
Full World and Character Re-mastering for enhanced gameplay experience
New dynamic Treasure & Equipment generation, featuring Uncommon
Rare & Epic items
New Inventory and Loot Bag System
Improved Graphic & Visual Enhancements
Newly Re-Mastered Audio sounds and speech

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game
4. Play the game
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


As usual we recommend not trying to go online with the game


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/KVqUL.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/2kfec.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/s1oh1.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/ewo34.jpg


ENJOY!