                                  By bobiras2009			

Γ£» Search the Internet quickly and easily. Switch between different Search Engines with one click ΓÇô even while you're typing!
Γ£» Instant search suggestions. Tap them repeatedly to refine your search.
Γ£» Quick Search is fast and lightweight and easy-to-use. The search results open in your web browser.
Γ£» Use the brand new Search Widget, with its unique design.
Γ£» Add multiple Widgets to your Home Screen, and customize each one as you want.
Γ£» New Weather Forecast search engine. Quickly find the Weather in almost any worldwide city.
Γ£» Users in USA, France, UK and Germany: You can also find the Weather by area-code / zip-code / post-code.
Γ£» Automatic Celsius or Fahrenheit display units.

Key features :

    Google search 
    Yahoo search 
    Wikipedia search 
    Weather Forecast search 
    YouTube search 
   search (all 28 countries supported) 
    Amazon search (all 8 countries supported) 
    eBay search (14 countries supported) 
    MercadoLibre / MercadoLivre search (7 countries supported) 
    For Korean users: Search Naver (δäñ∞¥┤δ▓ä), Nate (δäñ∞¥┤øè╕) and Daum (δïñ∞¥î) 
    For Russian users: Search Yandex (╨»╨╜╨┤╨╡╨║╤ü)

Γ£» Superior multi-language and multi-country support, even for the Widget and Weather. You can change the language/country settings within the app, and the Search Engines will adapt.
Γ£» No intrusive permissions or background services are used, and it's fast to startup.
Γ£» It's faster than doing a search in the Web Browser... And there's no need to bookmark lots of search portals.
Γ£» There's no need to use lots of separate apps to search your favorite websites.
Γ£» Open the app from anywhere, by long-pressing the Search button on your phone.
Γ£» Voice Search, with most virtual keyboards.

What's in this version: (Aug 19, 2012)

    New Search Engine: Bing, which supports many languages.
    Fixed bugs when searching for Weather Forecasts.
    Improved Weather search when using postal codes (for USA, France, UK and Germany)
    Various small bug fixes and improvements.
    New app localization for Arabic.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+


                                  By bobiras2009			