                 PART  352


         AALIYAH  - Journey to the Past  (1997) 
         ROBBIE WILLIAMS  -   Angels  (1997)
         JESSICA SIMPSON  -  Angels  (1997)
         JESSICA SIMPSON  - I Wanna Love You Forever  (1999)
         ROBBIE WILLIAMS  - The Road To Mandalay (2001)



     "Journey to the Past" is a song written by Lynn Ahrens and Stephen Flaherty for the 1997 animated film "Anastasia". The song was originally recorded by actress Liz Callaway to be included in the film and was later re-recorded by singer Aaliyah as an pop-R&B single to promote the soundtrack. It became a moderately successful pop hit in the UK. "Journey to the Past" was also nominated for an award for Best Original Song at the ceremony that year. The song did not chart on the Billboard Hot 100 when it was released it only received minor Adult Contemporary airplay in the U.S. It stayed on the chart for only 4 weeks. The song was released to U.S. Adult Contemporary radio on March 31, 1998 as the soundtracks second single.
     "Angels" is a song by Robbie Williams. Written by Williams with Guy Chambers, it was released as a single in December 1997.It became the singer's biggest selling single and has been voted the best song of the past 25 years at the BRIT Awards. "Angels" has since been covered by many artists including Jessica Simpson, Beverley Knight, in Spanish (as Ángel) by Mexican singers Yuridia and Marco Moré, in Italian (as Un Angelo) by Patrizio Buanne, All Angels, singer Declan Galbraith as well as Verena Von Strenge's latest group, Moon Dust, and American Idol season 7 runner-up David Archuleta.
     "I Wanna Love You Forever" is the first single from Jessica Simpson's debut album Sweet Kisses. The song is her debut single and was released in 1999, the single peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Simpson's first, and to date last, top ten single. The song also peaked at number seven in the United Kingdom. The single is generally considered to be one of her signature songs, and is her most successful single in the United States to date.
     "The Road To Mandalay" is the fifth single from Robbie Williams' 2000  "Sing When You're Winning" album, released in July 2001.The single became Williams' fourth number-one hit in the United Kingdom and his second in New Zealand, it made its mark around Europe charting inside the top ten in most countries, the single went on to sell 70,186 in its first week in the United Kingdom, and overall sales exceeded the 340,000 copies being certified Silver by the BPI.