Aiseesoft Total Video Converter Platinum
 
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter is the best Video Converter to help you convert video to other popular formats, such as MP4, MKV, WMV, AVI, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, FLV, 3GP, DivX, VOB and HD video etc. In addition, the Total Video Converter can also extract audios from video files and convert them to AAC, AC3, AIFF, MP3, M4V, MP2, WAV, WMA, etc. For the large-screen display users, this video converter can be suitable for the change of DPI and you can choose DPI150 to achieve the perfect effect.
 
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter is also multifunctional video editor software comprising functions of trimming video, cropping video playing area, watermarking video, joining video clips, etc.
 
Convert any video format 
Trim, crop, merge, watermark video and adjust video effect 
User-friendly graphical interface 

Powerful video converting software
 Convert any video to all popular video formats 
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter software could easily convert any video to MPEG-4, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, MOV, AVI, DivX, XviD, WMV, 3GP, MKV, FLV, VOB, and HD video etc. with high speed and excellent image/sound quality. During the converting process, you can minimize the program to the system tray.
 
Professional audio converter 
This Total Video Converter could convert audio or extract audio from video to AAC, AC3, AIFF, AMR, AU, FLAC, MP3, M4V, MP2, OGG, WAV, WMA audio formats.
 
Support almost all popular portable players 
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter can convert all video files to iPod, iPhone (iPhone 4S), iPad (The New iPad), Zune, Blackberry, Nokia, Creative Zen, PSP, PS3, Xbox, Mobile Phone, etc.
 
Convert videos in batches 
You are able to convert one file to different formats with only one conversion.
 
Edit video effect
 Modify video effect 
You could get your desired video quality by modifying video Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, Hue and Volume. Also this Total Video Converter owns the technique to eliminate some jaggedness from the interlaced video for better viewing.
 
Video cutter 
Aiseesoft Total Video Converter possesses “Trim” function to help you cut a clip from the original video. You can set the “Start Time” and “End Time” to define the segment.
 
Video cropper 
The Video Converter allows you to adjust video playing area. You can also select the aspect ratio to extrude your video slightly.
 
Video joiner 
This Video Converter enables you to combine and join multiple videos together and export a single video.
 
Video watermarker 
With this Video Converter, you are convenient to add a watermark to your video and adjust its position and transparent. And this converter offers much richer watermark color for you to choose.
 
System Requirements of Total Video Converter
 
OS Supported: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP and Windows Vista, Windows 7 
Hardware Requirements: 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU, or above; 512MB RAM or more 

Homepage: http://www.aiseesoft.com/total-video-converter.html
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default intallation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy