
POtHS - Creation 42 - Unlocking The Mystery of Life  




POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

Description
Unlocking the Mystery of Life:
Tells the story of contemporary scientists who are advancing a powerful but controversial ideaΓÇöthe theory of intelligent design. Unlocking is the product of more than three years of research, photography, and post production. Based upon the scholarly work of Stephen C. Meyer, Michael Behe, William Dembski and others, this documentary presents the scientific case for intelligent design based upon recent discoveries in biochemistry, genetics, and molecular biology.

The film was photographed throughout the United States in 2001 and 2002. Location photography also took place in the Galapagos Islands at the site of Charles DarwinΓÇÖs seminal 1835 expedition.
Unlocking is highlighted by computer animation that depicts the inner-workings of the living cell. Animator Tim Doherty created sequences illustrating the structure and operations of the cell nucleus, the DNA molecule, protein molecules, and the bacterial flagellar motor.

After its release is September 2003, Unlocking the Mystery of Life aired on PBS. The show was broadcast on more than 40 affiliates throughout the United States. The cancellation of a scheduled broadcast on station KNME in Albequerque, New Mexico triggered national news coverage and a debate over PBS programming decisions.

Unlocking the Mystery of Life has been translated into more than 25 languages including Russian, Mandarin, and Spanish. It is distributed throughout Asia, Europe, South America, Australia, Canada, and the United States. North American distribution is supervised by Randolf Productions International.

To purchase the DVD, visit this website at: 
http://www.unlockingthemysteryoflife.com/about.php


Also included:
How to defeat an atheist in debate easily and effortlessly


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
