Anno 2070 (c) Ubisoft 

11/2011: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: SS2/Crap 
1: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: Strategy 

2070. Our world has changed. The rising level of the ocean has harmed the 
coastal cities and climate change has made large stretches of land 
inhospitable 

The latest in the award-winning strategy series, Anno 2070 offers a new 
world full of challenges, where you will need to master resources 
diplomacy, and trade in the most comprehensive economic management system in 
the Anno series 

Build your society of the future, colonize islands, and create sprawling 
megacities with multitudes of buildings, vehicles, and resources to manage 
Engineer new production chains such as Robot Factories, Oil Refineries and 
Diamond Mines and trade with a variety of goods and commodities 

* A new era 
While adhering to the fundamentals that made the Anno franchise a success 
the near-future setting will bring numerous new gameplay mechanics 
architectural breakthroughs, and all new challenges. Additionally, players 
will be able to build massive cities, the scope of which has never been 
seen in prior Anno games 
* Become an architect of the future 
Face the current world challenges to shape the world of tomorrow. You can 
either join the Tycoons to pursue an industrial and efficient course, or 
side with the Ecos to create a more sustainable and environmentally 
friendly direction 
* An evolving, dynamic world 
Decisions will have an impact on the environment, the architectural look 
of the world, and the needs of populations 
* Discover hidden depths and new resources 
The mysteries of the sea and the sky are waiting to be discovered. Take 
advantage of the transport systems of the future and develop a powerful 
economy 
* The enhanced Anno with new features to master 
Smuggle wares between harbors without being detected by the coastal 
patrols or forge alliances with powerful figures to expand your influence 

1. Unrar 
2. Run the installer.exe 
3. Install the game 
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack dir on the disc to your 
<install> dir. Then either run install.bat or copy the "Profile" dir to 
"%USERPROFILE%Application DataUbisoftANNO 2070" yourself 
5. Block the game exes in your system firewall 
6. Play the game. When prompted, use "RELOADED" as login and "1" as password 
to play the game offline 


 



LANGUAGE CHANGE 

Select allGo to %USERPROFILE%Application DataUbisoftANNO 2070Config and open the Engine.ini file. Find "LanguageTAG" and set it to "eng". 

Or whatever language you want it to be..


Enjoy playing!


