POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 84 - PsyWars Vol 7 - Programming The Nation


POtHS Comment: Watch TV and Play Video Games to get YOUR NWO Programming.
Description:

Programming the Nation:
According to many authorities, since the late 1950's subliminal content has been tested and delivered through all forms of media, at an increasingly alarming rate. "PROGRAMMING THE NATION?" examines the purported uses, influences and potential subconscious side-effects of what's going on beneath the surface of advertising, film, music and political propaganda. Even the US military has been accused of using this technology in their Psychological Operations Unit, (PSY OPS) campaign. This socially relevant documentary not only traces the history of this phenomenon, but seeks to determine the validity and potential threat that may or may not exist. Do you ever find yourself doing or buying things without any conscious reasoning? Why has consumer debt in America risen over 50% since 1990? How is it possible that the United States consumes about 25% of the world's resources while only making up 4.5% of the world's population? Are we all part of an elaborate scheme which has been programming the nation? Decide for yourself...


Alice In Wonderland - The Mind Control Story (short video):
Alice In Wonderland: The Mind Control Story is about mind control sex slave programming through Alice in Wonderland script. This video is made from the video game Alice Madness Returns. ItΓÇÖs a deleted scene from my upcoming video Video Games That Want Your Soul which wraps up the trilogy. It helps to be familiar with the topic of MKULTRA Mind Control for understanding the videoΓÇÖs imagery and story. The video is painted in various demonic, pagan symbology and a standard in the video gaming industry and Disney Productions. You may learn more about the Walt Disney Occult relationship at this website:


Main Show Only - Subliminal Messaging - Coast to Coast AM:
August 2012 Full shows
200 classic shows 
http://jetstreamnews.com/

Date: 08-11-11
Host: George Noory
Guests: Jeff Warrick, Eldon Taylor
Two guests talked about subliminal messaging, and the psychology of images and perception. Appearing in the second hour, former advertising executive and founder of Ignite Productions, Jeff Warrick discussed his research on mass manipulation and subliminal messaging in a wide variety of media formats. Research has shown that the effects of subliminal messages are subjective, and can vary from person to person. However when negative words are flashed subliminally, they have a higher impact than positive words, and when the message is tailored to a specific person, it will create a heightened response, he detailed. Warrick also touched on how subliminals have been used in music, war propaganda, and politics.



      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
