INTRODUCTION

Of the Protocols themselves little need be said in the way of introduction. The possession of a copy of the original plan by anyone within reach of FATWA (ISLAMIC JUDGEMENT) is deemed a crime sufficient to ensure the owner's of being beheaded, stabbed to death, shot, or blown up, on sight; and, in fact, no original copy is now locatable. 

This fact is in itself sufficient proof of the genuineness of the original Muslim Protocols. The Muslim journals, of course, say that they are a forgery, or that (like the Muslims claim concerning the Jewish Temple on Mt. Zion) it never existed at all and that the 'Protocols of the Elders of Zion' are the original, leaving it to be understood that enemies of Islam and Muslims have concocted the "Muslim version" for their own purposes.

Countless world leaders and scholars put the case for the Protocols tersely and convincingly thus:

"The only statement I care to make about the PROTOCOLS is that they fit in with what is going on."

Indeed they do!


The word "Protocol" signifies a precis gummed on to the front of a document, a draft of a document, minutes of proceedings. In this instance, "Protocol" means minutes of the proceedings of the Councils of the Learned SHEIKHS (MUSLIM ELDERS) of JIHAD. These Protocols give the substance of addresses delivered to the innermost circle of the Rulers of Islam. They reveal the converted plan of action of the Muslim Nation developed through the ages and edited by the SHEIKHS (MUSLIM ELDERS) themselves up to date. Parts and summaries of the plan have been published from time to time during the centuries as the secrets of the SHEIKHS (MUSLIM ELDERS) have leaked out. The claim of the Arabs and Muslims that the Protocols are forgeries is in itself an admission of their genuineness, for they NEVER ATTEMPT TO ANSWER THE FACTS corresponding to the THREATS which the Protocols contain, and, indeed, the correspondence between prophecy of The Fourth Horseman in Revelation (Apocalypse) 13 of the Bible and its fulfillment is too glaring to be set aside or obscured. This the Muslims well know and therefore evade.


The presumption is strong that the Protocols date back not merely to the "Golden Era of Islam" of Middle Ages Spain, but to the period immediately following the original concoction of Islam in Mecca and Medina, Arabia by Muhammad in the 6th century A.D. Muhammad's religious ideas were originally rejected by his native Mecca, and Muhammad was forced to flee to Medina ΓÇô the "far place" cited in their Quran from which Muhammad supposedly flew up to heaven on his magic horse. (The true history is, of course, contrary to the claims of 19th century Muslim revisionists who, through the application of the "Sword of Islam" to further their quest for world domination and eliminating Jews from the historical capital of the Jews, reinterpreted this as having happened in Jerusalem.) In 630 A.D., Muhammad returned to wreak vengeance on Meccca, taking the city in what became the customary Muslim way, the sword, forcibly imposing the new religion of Islam he had concocted upon its inhabitants.

please seed and share