DMAX Audio Pack








DMAX Audio DLIM v1.0
R2R | Dec 18 2012 | 5.2 MB





Is a brickwall loudness maximizer based on superfast gain reduction.
It treats the sound very gently. There are several working modes with
different modulation waveforms which allow to retain more original
low frequencies in the mix. It is optimized for heavy limiting of hard
music (up to -8/-7db total RMS). Can be used for mastering and for
mixing.


Features

   ✶Brickwall lookahead loudness maximizer.
   ✶Velocity can be varied from 40mks to 40ms.
   ✶Has three limiter modes.
   ✶Has built-in algorithm of dithering with noise-shaping.
   ✶Supports sampling rates up to 192kHz.

System Requirements

   PC: Windows XP/Vista/7

Formats Supported

   PC VST 32/64-bit





DMAX Audio DSE v1.0
R2R | Dec 18 2012 | 5 MB





Is a stereo enhancer based on the S-channel equalization.
It is intended for changing of the stereo imaging of the
mix. ULF-adding feature allows to make additional
stereo effect. You can use DSE for enhancement
of the stereo imaging of the mix either in
mastering or in mixing.


Features

   ✶10-band graphic equalizer of the S-channel.
   ✶S-channel master volume control.
   ✶S-channel ULF-adding.
   ✶M/S (mono/stereo) listening switch.
   ✶Supports sampling rates up to 192kHz.


System Requirements

   PC: Windows XP/Vista/7

Formats Supported

   PC VST 32/64-bit




DMAX Audio DMAX v1.0
R2R | Dec 18 2012 | 5 MB





Is entirely new-type peak limiter. It is based on the unique proprietary algorithm
and can be used as a loudness maximizer of a complex signal with drums or
percussions. For processing the signal DMAX does not use gain reduction
therefore it fully retains stereo imaging and original drum transients. Its
yields completely different sound, unlike usual maximizers. You can
use it for limiting of drums/percussions tracks.

Features

   ✶Brickwall lookahead peak limiter.
   ✶Possibility to choose threshold frequency above which the limiter
   does not process the signal.
   ✶Built-in dithering algorithm with noiseshaping.
   ✶Supports sampling rates up to 96kHz.

System Requirements

   PC: Windows XP/Vista/7

Formats Supported

   PC VST 32/64-bit




INSTALLATION

• Uninstall previous versions.

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Install


         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!

