Follow my uploads here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

NoBloat lets you delete unwanted apps that come pre-installed with your phone. Simply select the bloatware that you want to get rid of and click delete. By default, NoBloat will automatically place backups on your external storage which you can restore at any time.
Remember, though: ALWAYS have a backup of your phone. Important features might break when deleting system apps.

ROOT & BUSYBOX REQUIRED !

Using the blacklist in the full version, you can swiftly get rid of all bloatware after installing a new ROM. When wiping your phone's data, you can export your blacklist to import it on your new ROM.

You're advised to try the free version before buying. Not all ROMs allow NoBloat to work.

Features:

    Disabling and enabling system apps 
    Creating backups of system apps and restoring them 
    Deleting system apps 
    Creating a blacklist of system app to delete 
    Batch operation to backup/remove all blacklisted system apps 
    Batch operation to enable all disabled system apps 
    Batch operation to restore all backups 
    Export your settings and blacklist to external storage to import them later 

Notes:
In order to use NoBloat you need root access and busybox. If you do not know what root access means, you probably don't have it.
Be aware that in order to update your version of Android, you might need all original apps in place. It is advised to always have a backup of deleted apps or to just disable them so you can restore them later.

Disclaimer:
TVK Development cannot be held responsible for any damage you may cause.
Removing critical apps can cause your phone to malfunction. Be sure to ONLY delete apps you know for certain aren't needed.
Always have backups of your device's image.
If you have any questions regarding the safety of actions using NoBloat, you're advised to contact TVK Development beforehand. 

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 16, 2012)

    Fixed issue where apps would temporarily be hidden from the list after pressing 'Okay' without selecting an option.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+


                                By bobiras2009		