Milk Nymphos 3 (DvdRip)

Dulsineya, Ivana Sugar , Bobbi Starr, Kimberly Kane, Lolly Moon , Jennifer Clark, Alexis Texas, Tara Lynn Foxx, Krissy Lynn, Tori Lux, Rico Strong, Dana DeArmond, Imani Rose , Nyomi Banxxx, Sparky Sin Claire , Cherry Torn

Ass-obsessed director Jay Sin returns with a long-awaited edition of his controversial series that mixes gallons of gushing milk with beautiful women wallowing in extreme anal play! “Milk Nymphos 3” is a kinky celebration of creamy enema fun injecting a lighthearted sense of perversion into Jay’s trademark focus on ass rimming, anal gaping and rectal reaming. Petite alterna-sluts Cherry Torn and Sparky Sin Claire are costumed as a pair of butt-loving kitty cats, and these sinful pusses feed each other ass-to-mouth geysers of cream. Sensuous, lovely black girl Imani Rose and big-assed ebony beauty Nyomi Banxxx bathe their chocolate skin in gallons of white liquid. Blonde lesbians Ivana Sugar and Dulsineya pump milk and large dildos up their asses and make a huge mess. Dark-haired supersluts Bobbi Starr and Kimberly Kane enjoy making their gaping bungholes spout streams of creamy splatter. Dana DeArmond shoves four fingers up her messy bunghole. Bodacious Krissy Lynn and tattooed Tori Lux have a dairy-drenched anal threesome with Rico Strong’s giant black cock. Euro-cuties Lolly Moon and Jennifer Clark are two horny girls doing a sick cooking show. The nasty chefs show us how to blend flour, whipped cream and of course farm fresh milk in a messy-ass recipe that’s tasty to lick but difficult to clean up! And finally, the huge, round bottoms of gorgeous Alexis Texas and Tara Lynn Foxx get stuffed with anal toys and become sloppy fountains of milk. “Milk Nymphos 3” is udderly shocking!

Tags: Sex, Hardcore, Hot, xXx, 2012

Screens:
 
http://imgunix.com/viewer.php?file=0wpoje3g.jpg
 
http://imgunix.com/viewer.php?file=ql2kjqpx.jpg
 
http://imgunix.com/viewer.php?file=6fo7253e.jpg
 
http://imgunix.com/viewer.php?file=ij5sz0on.jpg
 
http://imgunix.com/viewer.php?file=zmg0fm74.jpg