Contains Chronicles of the Necromancer by Gail Z Martin. (4 Books) 


For ebook devices use an ebook converter like: 
Hamster Ebook Converter- http://www.hamstersoft.com/free-ebook-converter 
Calibre- http://calibre-ebook.com/download 

1. Chronicles of the Necromancer- The Summoner 
The comfortable world of Martris Drayke, second son of King Bricen of Margolan, is shattered when his older half-brother, Jared, and Jared¿s dark mage, Foor Arontala, kill the king and seize the throne. Tris is the only surviving member of the royal family aside from Jared the traitor. Tris flees with three friends: Soterius, captain of the guard; Carroway, the court¿s master bard; and Harrtuck, a member of the royal guard. Tris harbors a deep secret. In a land where spirits walk openly and influence the affairs of the living, he suspects he may be the mage heir to the power of his grandmother, Bava K¿aa, once the greatest sorceress of her age. Such magic would make Tris a Summoner, the rarest of magic gifts, capable of arbitrating between the living and the dead.

2. Chronicles of the Necromancer- The Blood King 
The second installment of the Chronicles of the Necromancer. Having escaped being murdered by his evil brother, Jared, Tris must take control of his magical abilities to summon the dead, and gather an army big enough to claim back the throne of his dead father. But it isn't merely Jared that Tris must combat. The dark mage, Foor Arontala, has schemes to raise the Obsidian King...

3. Chronicles of the Necromancer- Dark Haven 
Gail Z. Martin discovered her passion for SF, fantasy and ghost stories in elementary school. The first story she wrote—at age five—was about a vampire. Her favorite TV show as a preschooler was Dark Shadows. At age 14 she decided to become a writer. She enjoys attending SF / fantasy conventions, Renaissance fairs and living history sites. She is married, and has three children, a Himalayan cat and a golden retriever.

4. Chronicles of the Necromancer- Dark Lady's Chosen 
The fourth thrilling installment of Gail Z Martin's Chronicles of the Necromancer series sees Tris's kingdom on the brink of collapse and fate of Jonmarc Vahanian hanging in the balance as the vampires and the undead enter into a deadly civil war and threaten to unleash an even greater danger onto the world. 