

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 108 - Charles Lawson - From Golden Age to New Age





POtHS Comment: His BLOOD is the only thing that Redeems us.

Description:
Pastor Lawson's Church Ministry, www.thelionofjudah.org , delivers a collection of messages from the pulpit of Temple Baptist Church. Old Time Preaching in the following sermons:

From Golden Age to New Age:
Charles Lawson 08/12/12 (SS) II Peter 3:5 Hearkening Back To Ancient Marvels and Looking Ahead to New Techonologies. Obamacare a Ready Vehicle to Implement Population Controls.

Dangers of Easy Believism:
Charles Lawson 08/08/12 (WN) John 6:44 "1-2-3 Believe After Me" Omits the Holy Spirit and Can Leave Folks Lost. So, What Should Be Our Attitude and Approach to Soul-Winning?

Gnosticism's Influence:
Pastor Charles Lawson examines the effects of Gnosticism starting with the Magi who visited Christ birthplace. He then speaks on it's hellish influence on the early Church and it's resugence in today's apostate Christianity.

Controlling the Money Part 1:
Charles Lawson 09/02/12 (SS) Revelation 13:16-17 Two Issues Dominate the Political Scene at the Moment: Our Nation's $16-trillion Debt (and to Whom?), and Obama's Overt Animosity Toward Israel. Both Strongly Portent the Soon Coming of Our Lord Jesus.

Controlling the Money Part 2:
Charles Lawson 09/09/12 (SS) Revelation 13:17 A Study of the Possible Motivations of International Bankers to Assassinate Previous Presidents.

Bible Prophecy (Israel):
Charles Lawson 09/12/12 (WN) Zechariah 12:1-3 More and More Prophecy Being Fulfilled Eveyday. Israel has Fought Over and Over Again for It's Survival. We May Be the Last Generation; and American Needs to Support Israel.

Bible Prophecy Is Being Fulfilled:
Charles Lawson ~ Temple Baptist Church, Knoxville, Tennessee


Amen

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
