Year : 2012 
Genre : Action (Shooter) / RPG / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developer : BioWare 
Publisher : Electronic Arts 
Edition Type : Digital License 
Language : RUS / ENG 
Sound language : ENG 
Crack : None
System Requirements : Windows XP (SP3) / Vista (SP1) / 7 Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz or equivalent AMD Memory: 2 GB for XP and 4 GB for Vista / 7 Video: 512 MB ​​GeForce 9800 or Radeon HD 4850 or better than 15 GB of free disk space DirectX 9.0





Description : Not everyone is destined to survive. An ancient alien race known as the Reapers, the beginning of a global invasion, leaving behind the ruins of civilizations. The land occupied by the galaxy is on the brink of destruction, and only you can fix it. Price Errors - oblivion. Your role - Captain Shepard, a character, which are creating yourself. Only you decide how events will unfold, what the world will be investigated, and who will participate in the alliance, which thou canst find, once and for all eliminate the threat of the Reapers. You povedesh this war, at its discretion: you can attack head-on, spraying the enemy fire, or a cunning plan to make a surprise attack. Collect a versatile team of professionals or choose a path of a lone wolf. Attack the enemy from a distance, or come down from him in a brutal melee. Mass Effect 3 will react to every decision taken by you - the story will write to you myself.


Features : * A deep linear plot: a fantastic saga with many endings, depending on your choices and actions during the game. * The giant scale of the events you have to fight in a number of worlds across the galaxy to assemble a sufficient number of allies and fight off the Earth before it is too late. * Huge and cunning enemies: to engage in battle with huge monsters and small, but extremely clever and nimble reptiles that make you sweat, chasing after them. * Upgrade your arsenal: improved weapons, setting him on the details that many times will increase power and efficiency - sights, grips, barrels, and many other unique modifications. Each type of weapon inflicts damage to its appearance and has a unique visualization of the shot. * You can cause death from a distance or close to within striking distance: Improve your soldier and his unit to fit your own preferences in tactics. Huge selection of weapons, abilities and equipment will fight the enemy in such a way that is comfortable to you personally.




Deluxe Edition Features : • 70-page album of illustrations from the team BioWare (digital version) • lithograph depicting the Normandy (digital version) • Soundtrack (digital version) • The limited edition comic book based on Mass Effect on the Dark Horse Comics (digital version) • Optional character and mission (code for download) • A set of avatars (virtual object) • Arsenal N7 - feel the fire power of a sniper rifle, shotgun, submachine gun and a pistol. (In-game item) • Sputnik "Robopes" - a true ally to accompany you to the "Normandy". (In-game item) • A set of alternate costumes - new look for your teammates. (In-game item) Sweatshirt • N7 - comfortable clothing for the captain to "Normandy". (In-game item)
