ESPRIT 2009 and ESPRIT Mold Version 10 at Euromold 2008 (20-Nov-2008)
ESPRIT┬« 2009 and ESPRIT Mold Version 10, the latest versions of computer-aided-manufacturing (CAM) mold software created by CAM industry leader DP Technology, will be on display at Euromold 2008, to take place Dec. 3-6 in Frankfurt/Main, Germany.

On display at this 15th installation of EuroMold will be technologies that represent the manufacturing chain from ΓÇ£design to prototyping to series production.ΓÇ¥ Designed to bridge the gaps among industrial designers, product developers, producers, suppliers and end-users, EuroMold is a showcase for methods of machining that provide more efficient and economical processes. In 2007, EuroMold attracted more than 1,600 exhibitors and 65,000 visitors. 

Those who visit the ESPRIT booth can expect one-on-one interaction with staff from DP Technology, as well as demonstrations of new software upgrades.

This latest version of the ESPRIT software is the result of a balanced effort focusing on both the shorter terms needs of its existing customers and the longer term direction of the metal-working community. A significant number of new, innovative technologies in the areas of 3- and 5-axis milling, feature recognition and user interface are being introduced with this new version, as well as a long list of productivity enhancing features for milling, turning and wire EDM part programming. ESPRIT 2009 is designed to run on both the Microsoft Windows XP and Microsoft Vista operating systems. 

The latest release of ESPRIT Mold includes significant performance increases for the 3D programmer that result in the reduction of cycle times of 25-50 percent or more while simultaneously increasing part quality and reducing programming time and effort. 

On display at EuroMold 2008, enhancements within ESPRIT 2009 and ESPRIT Mold v10 reduce the time required to produce part programs, increase the quality of those programs and help reduce machining cycle times. 