Rowdy Rathore (2012) - Hindi Movie - BluRay Rip - 2CD - Team TR



Shiva (Akshay Kumar) is a small-time thief in Mumbai who falls in love with Paro (Sonakshi Sinha) from Patna, who is in Mumbai to attend a marriage. Shiva makes his way into ParoΓÇÖs heart and she also starts loving him. Shiva tells her the truth about him being a thief and resolves to give up crime forever. But before that, he decides to swindle one last person for a large sum of money along with his con-friend 2G (Paresh Ganatra). He tricks a woman on a railway station and flees with a trunk. This leads Shiva to Chinki, a young girl who was in the trunk instead of the wealth he thought was in the trunk, who thinks that Shiva is her father. Flummoxed by what is happening, but forced to keep Chinki with her as a police officer (Yashpal Sharma) keeps his eye on him.
Although he tries keeping Chinki away from ParoΓÇÖs eyes, the latter finds out about Chinki. Angry and hurt, Paro leaves for Patna leaving Shiva heartbroken. Soon, unknown goons attack him, taking him to be a latter named ASP Vikram Rathore (also Akshay Kumar), ChinkiΓÇÖs real father. Rathore looks exactly like Shiva which had caused all the confusion. While many unknown persons help Shiva run to safety with Chinki in his arms, he is soon surrounded by the goons. It is then that Rathore makes an appearance and saves the day killing every goon by himself. But Rathore soon dies suffering from injuries.
The other policemen who had assisted the ASP then inform Shiva of the whole incident. In a village Devgarh, a MLA, Baabji used to trouble and torture people and also annex money from them. He also abused the women of the village and could make them do what he wanted just by an order. The policemen had no power to stop him. At one instance, Baabji forced Sharma's wife to sleep with his son. Sharma had to pretend that he did not know anything for two days after which, his wife would be sent back. His wife had been tortured and raped but was forced to go back empty-handed. Rathore had caught him and locked him up. The son was not punished as he was proved mentally sick and released. At another instance, the son (playing mentally-sick) forced policemen to remove their clothes but was killed when he was hung from a tree by the belt of a humiliated inspector. Rathore was attacked by Baabji's brother on Dusshehra and was assumed to be dead. But he survived with a brain tumour. Effects of this tumour are later visible and these effects are diminished by water falling on his head.
Shiva then adopts Chinki, who does not know that her father is dead. Then Shiva returns to Devgarh posing as ASP Vikram Rathore and heads to settle the scores with Baabji. 2G tells Paro the truth and she forgives Shiva. Shiva, being a goon handles Baabji well with tricks. He sets the MLA's wine factory on fire and makes the villagers rob his food store. A fight ensues in which he defeats all Baabji's men alone. In the end, he fights with Baabji and his brother on a rope bridge. Shiva ties the two to a rope and cuts the rope and both of them fall to their death. Shiva gets married to Paro and they leave for a new life with Chinki and 2G.


ScreenShots : http://imgur.com/5UXOC.jpg


Download Latest Tamil , Hindi , Telegu , Malayalam Movie with Torrent and direct Links only on

