Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands is a multi-platform video game produced by Ubisoft which was released on May 18, 2010, in North America and on May 20 in Europe The games mark a return to the storyline started by Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time. Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands is the title of four separate games with different storylines. The main game was developed for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows, while the other three are exclusive for the PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, and Wii.
The PSP and Wii versions were developed by Ubisoft Quebec; the PS3, Xbox 360 and Windows versions were handled by Ubisoft Montreal with the help of Ubisoft Singapore; and the Nintendo DS version was made at Casablanca.
2. Burn or mount the image.
 3. Install the game.
 4. Copy the cracked content located in the Crack directory on either disc
 into BinariesWin32 of your installation directory, overwriting
 existing files.
 5. Play the game.
 6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
Uploader Note:please contact us on DigitalViol3nce@gmail.com
How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)
Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.
For more info,crack only,PATCH,serial,keygen,trainers,CRACKFIX,UPDATES,
system requirements,cheats,NFO,gameplay trailers,free downloads,
pc iso,demos,screenshots,visit some RELEASE SITES or official web pages. 
IF the game does not work for you then update drivers, directX, components
as netframework/redist files/etc, run as administrator, change compatibility
mode, block/disable access to internet, copy crack/overwrite, other tweaks,etc
Search here for any future updates/working status/etc http://orlydb.com/s/games, 
http://gamecopyworld.com or any other quality Scene Release & filesharing sites.
Stop using stupid av's as AVG reporting false positive viruses-disable or use ESET