ImTOO DVD Ripper Ultimate

ImTOO DVD Ripper is a powerful DVD ripping software application to rip and convert DVD movies to almost all video and audio formats (rip DVD to AVI, DVD to MP4, DVD to MPEG, DVD to WMV, DVD to DivX; convert DVD to MP3, DVD to WMA) with high DVD ripping speed and exceptional quality. You can now enjoy your entire DVD collection on multimedia players such as iPod, iPad, iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, BlackBerry, iRiver PMP, Windows Mobile phone, Xbox and mobile phones all made possible with the ImTOO DVD Ripper!

ImTOO DVD Ripper also features video or audio-editing options prior to ripping - cut certain clips, merge several clips into one with transitional effects added, crop selected scenes, add subtitles and soundtracks and attach watermarks. Engined with NVIDIA CUDA & ATI APP technology, 5X faster processing performance is delivered. Other features include setting the target file size before conversion; running ImTOO DVD Ripper in the background to save resources; and even setting an action (shutdown, exit, standby or hibernate) to auto perform after a task is done. Try the ImTOO DVD Ripper out for yourself FREE now!

Rip DVD and convert to almost all video or audio formats
HD DVD ripper, rip DVD to HD videos
Numerous video effects to choose from
Add subtitles and soundtracks to movies
Video-editing features: Clip, Merge, Split and Crop
Convert files compatible with most portable players, newly support Apple New iPad and Google Android-based phones
ImTOO DVD Ripper supports multithreading ripping
Fast ripping speed and high quality conversion

Key Features

Convert DVD movies to video files playable on devices such as iPad, iPod,iPhone, Apple TV, PSP, PS3, BlackBerry, iRiver PMP, Windows Mobile phone, Xbox, mobile phone, NDS, Wii, and many others.
Transfers converted DVD movies to iPod, iPad, iPhone or PSP directly after ripping.
Auto capture pictures from movies at regular intervals and convert them to JPG, GIF, PNG, and BMP image formats.
This DVD ripper will adjust output parameters include bit rate, frame rate for fluency, sample rate, audio channel, codec and many more.
Auto retrieves disc info (such as director, actors/actresses) from the Internet.
Compute the output file size and the corresponding bit rate with the Bitrate Calculator.
Rip a DVD movie with subtitle, audio and angle of your choice.
Rip any segment from a DVD movie by specifying the start time and duration of the segment.
Convert a DVD title/chapter into multiple formats in one go; clone a title and output it to several files with the same file content.
Take snapshots from a movie while previewing with the built-in resizable player and save them as JPG, GIF, PNG, or BMP format.
Set application so it will auto exit, shut down, hibernate, or stand by system after a task is complete.
Run DVD ripping tasks in the background to save time and effort.
Supports system power management.
ImTOO DVD Ripper is available in English, French, German, Spanish, Japanese and Chinese interface languages.

System Requirements:

OS : Microsoft® Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7/8
Processor : 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM : 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk : 100MB space for installation
Graphics Card : Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher, OpenGL 1.4 or higher
Others : DVD-ROM drive

Homepage:

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register program with given key with any name.
- Done, Enjoy. 