Description
Hell has returned! Prepare yourself for DOOM II RPG for the iPhone, the sequel to id Software’s hit turn based mobile game Doom RPG. 

A mysterious distress signal calls your team—two hardened Marines and a rookie scientist—to a Union Aerospace Corporation research facility on Earth’s Moon, but you were unprepared for what awaits you. The forces of Hell itself have taken hold of the station and its inhabitants! Zombies and demonic monsters roam the halls, killing all who cross their path. Your backup squad is dead. Mysterious scientists conspire against you. Even the facility’s AI cannot be trusted. You are being hunted from all sides. Now, you must fight to survive, and try to stop the invasion—and uncover the truth—by any means available. The fate of all humanity is at stake!

Choose one of three different characters and get ready to battle through hordes of deadly monsters, including returning favorites such as the Pinky, Cacodemon, and Revenant, as well as new threats like the Sawcubus and Sentinel! Battle towering bosses such as the Cyberdemon, Spider Mastermind, or the Pinkinator! 

Interact with other survivors of the invasion to get information about your environment and solve puzzles, but beware…not all of them can be trusted!

Wield an array of lethal weapons, including classics such as the Super Shotgun and BFG, or powerful new ones such as the Holy Water Pistol! Take control of a Sentry Bot to kill your enemies from safety, or to scout dangerous areas! Zoom in with a scoped Assault Rifle and go for a headshot!

Build your character’s power level through experience points earned by killing monsters! Use treadmills, armor repair stations, and target practice machines to boost your skills even further! Still need an advantage in combat? Use Nano Drinks to bestow abilities such as health regeneration, fire immunity, poisoned weapons, or extra speed! Purchase resources from vending machines, or scrounge what you can from the corpses of defeated monsters!

Hack security systems! Aim your sniper scope using the accelerometer! Tap and swipe the screen to explore the environment, engage in combat, navigate intuitive menus, and interact with other characters! Touch the heads-up-display to quickly access your healing items, armor, map, or PDA!

Stay alert! Stranded civilians, secret passages, deadly traps and more await you within the surprising world of DOOM II RPG!