Description

★★ THE ULTIMATE FACEBOOK APP FOR YOUR MAC ★★

MenuTab Pro for Facebook is an incredibly slick and gorgeous app for quickly accessing your Facebook account directly from your Mac's menu bar. It is one of the most popular and actively used apps on the entire Mac App Store.

Why is MenuTab Pro the best app of its kind? Good question, allow us to explain just how fully loaded this app is:

⁕ Instant access to Facebook via your Mac's menu bar:
Quickly take a peak at your Facebook account at the click of a button and also via its customisable hot key (ctrl + F).

⁕ Awesome color-coded notifications with audio alerts:
We've made it really simple to distinguish between new notifications via our menu bar icon. A gold icon means you have a new friend request; red is a new wall post/like/poke; and green is a new inbox message. Finally, a flashing blue icon indicates a new chat message from a friend!

⁕ Choose between desktop & mobile modes:
Want a no-nonsense clean cut view of your Facebook account? Then the mobile mode is your best bet. For those that want the full Facebook experience, just toggle over to the desktop mode and enjoy.

⁕ Growl notifications support:
Our customers asked for it and we delivered. Each of the notification types explained above now have their own corresponding Growl notification popup, and what's best is that you can configure Growl for each notification type, to customise your MenuTab Pro experience to your liking.

⁕ Facebook Chat support:
Facebook chat with all the trimmings, just like it is in your web browser, but with the added benefit of notifications 

⁕ Ninja stealth mode:
Use the nifty opacity control slider to determine the transparency of your MenuTab Pro app window. Stealth mode lets you sneakily check on your Facebook news feed etc without it catching the eyes of others 

⁕ Resizable window:
Just as it states, resize the tab/window to your liking!

⁕ Slick touch gestures support:
One of our most loved features, feel right at home with touch gestures support for back/forward and scrolling.

⁕ Awesome spellchecking:
Bad at spelling or constantly making typos? Well we've got your back with support for spellchecking - never misspell a word in a status update or chat conversation again!

⁕ Fullscreen support for OS X Lion users:
The full Facebook experience with no distractions!

⁕ Accessibility options:
Customise the font size, use the right click menu options such as text to speech and make life easier with standard hotkeys like cmd + R to refresh. Ah, it's the small things that make us happy 

⁕ Regular free updates:
MenuTab Pro is one of the most actively maintained and updated apps on the store and we aim to keep it that way! Please spread the word and keep sending us your feedback!


Legal Note:

- MenuTab is a 3rd party application for Facebook and is in no way endorsed or affiliated with Facebook Inc.

- Facebook and the Facebook Logo are trademarks of Facebook Inc.

Requirements: Mac OS X 10.6 or later

What's New in Version 5.0

- General optimisations.
- Bug fixes.
