Wallander is a British television series adapted from the Swedish novelist Henning Mankell's Kurt Wallander novels and starring Kenneth Branagh as the eponymous police inspector. 

Starring Kenneth Branagh, Sarah Smart, Richard McCabe. 

An Event in Autumn
S3, Ep1
Jul. 8, 2012
Whilst investigating the death of a pregnant girl,pushed off a ferry,Wallander discovers a ten-year old skeleton in the garden of the house where he lives with girl-friend Vanja. Elderly neighbour Fredrik points him towards the house's previous occupant,violent pimp Jan Petrus,whose daughter Ellika went missing a decade earlier. However,after the pregnant girl has been identified by a friend,who is also killed,Ellika contacts Wallander and gives him vital information to help identify the skeleton and her murderer. A confrontation with the killer also solves the more ...
 
The Dogs of Riga
S3, Ep2
Jul. 15, 2012
The discovery of two slain youths in a dinghy which washes into Ystad brings hard-drinking Latvian detective Karlis Liepa from Riga. He tells Wallander they were his informants in a drug-smuggling ring after the dinghy,containing cocaine,is stolen. Liepa is murdered on his return home,Wallander travelling to Riga to learn that the secretive detective did not show his case notes to his colleagues.After Wallander has discovered that his hotel room is bugged and he is being shadowed journalist Sergei Upitis tells him that Liepa was investigating corruption in his own ...
 
Before the Frost
S3, Ep3
Jul. 22, 2012
An elderly woman is murdered in a wood by a man she saw setting fire to swans. He buries her corpse with a bible annotating the book of Revelations and from his finger-prints he is identified as Jannek Langas,a religious maniac and arsonist. He has escaped from a secure unit but nonetheless has a healthy bank account in an assumed name. At the same time Anna,a friend of Linda,disappears after a cryptic visit to Wallander. Following Langas's suicide by immolation Wallander learns that Langas and Anna belonged to the same,fundamentalist Christian group and that other ...