                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

A FIRST-CLASS LINEUP
Drive 60 different cars from the worldΓÇÖs most prestigious manufacturers, like Ferrari, Lamborghini and Aston Martin, including the legendary DeLorean.

RACE ACROSS THE GLOBE
Gear up to race on 15 tracks set in real cities around the world, including brand new tracks in Hawaii, Paris, London, Miami and Rio.

CHALLENGE THE WORLD
The completely revamped multiplayer lets you take on up to 5 of your friends locally or online. Keep track of whoΓÇÖs the best with the new Asphalt Tracker that lets you compare stats, show off achievements and challenge rivals. You can also find new online opponents with the matchmaking system. Practice haHit the speed of heat in the newest, fastest, most visually stunning edition of the famed Asphalt series.

A FIRST-CLASS LINEUP
Drive 60 different cars from the worldΓÇÖs most prestigious manufacturers, like Ferrari, Lamborghini and Aston Martin, including the legendary DeLorean.

RACE ACROSS THE GLOBE
Gear up to race on 15 tracks set in real cities around the world, including brand new tracks in Hawaii, Paris, London, Miami and Rio.rd, because there are special events that will pit you against the best in the world!
YOUR WAY OR THE HIGHWAY
Play however you please with 6 different game modes packed with 15 leagues and 150 different races.

CUTTING EDGE GRAPHICS
Every car and track is more beautiful than ever thanks to graphics that push the limits of your device and the Retina display.

A RECORD OF SUCCESS
Acclaimed by both media and players, the Asphalt license has already attracted several million players worldwide... Come and join the ride!

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 4, 2012)

    Get ready to turn up the heat again with this first update for Asphalt 7!
    Drift and jump with the 2013 Hyundai Veloster Turbo
    Enjoy the performance of the 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe
    Customize your controls in the options menu
    General bug fixes and technical optimizations
    We want to thank all our fans for making Asphalt 7: Heat one of the most downloaded and highly-rated games on Google Play. Keep breaking those records and we'll keep bringing new updates and more fun! 

Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                   By bobiras2009	