About the game:

Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a cyberpunk-themed action role-playing video game developed by Eidos Montreal and published by Square Enix, which also produced the game's CGI sequences.
The game is set in 2027, 25 years before the first game in the series, at a time when multinational corporations have grown in power beyond the control of national governments. 
The game follows Adam Jensen, the newly hired security director at Sarif Industries, a growing biotechnology firm. 
After terrorists brutally attack Sarif's Detroit-based headquarters, the mortally wounded Jensen is forced to undergo radical life-saving surgeries that replace large areas of his body with advanced prostheses. 
Returning to work, he becomes embroiled in the global politics of the human enhancement movement in the search for those responsible for the attack. 
A central theme to the game is the rise of corporations in globalization, espionage, human survival, poverty and the ethics of advancing humans with artificial replacements for body parts.......


System Requirements
    Minimum:
        OS: Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7
        Processor: 2 GHz dual core
        Memory: 1 GB RAM (Windows XP) / 2 GB (Windows Vista and Windows 7)
        Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce 8000 series or ATI Radeon HD 2000 series or better
        DirectX: DirectX 9.0c
        Hard Drive: 8.5 GB 

	
Notes:
This version of game is already cracked - just install and play.
Included update patch 1.2.633



How to install:

1. Open executable file 
2. Select location ,
3. Click install ,
4. Play game from desktop shortcut.
5. If you like this game, support the developers.Buy IT


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=15006.0

We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for peope with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team



                                                      

