Chthonian Alchemy was founded at the beginning of 2006 by Andreas "Denwar" and Grigoris who combined their thoughts by exhuming some dusty ideas from the past. The concept of the band is the synthesis of dark metal riffs and melodies enhanced with lyrics referred to the alchemy of the underworld. A way of occultism in the name of chthonian deities who were the gods of the underworld according to the ancient Greek mythology and were decide about mortals’ luck mainly after their death.

In 2007 the two-man band releases the debut home-produced demo cd entitled "The Awakening" that includes the songs "Moirai" and "Renaissance" so as to give an idea of this chthonian concept. Many positive reviews and interviews by magazines and webzines as also some radio broadcasts of the demo cd followed. Later on, Mechblastess (drums), Michail Z (lead guitar), Panos (rhythm guitar) and Yannis (keyboards) complete the band and the first studio rehearsals were fact. After a while, Grigoris (bass) had to return to his homeland for personal reasons and Spiros took his place. "The Passage to the Underworld" was the third demo song that was recorded by the band at that time.

In 2008 due to military obligations Spiros was forced to leave the band and soon Thanos was the new bass player of Chthonian Alchemy. New songs were ready to be heard and the first live shows in summer festivals and venues came true. New reviews and interviews came up. Apart from the above, "Moirai" was chosen for a compilation cd of the Bloodcult Magazine and the band was becoming more popular.

In early 2009 Yannis had to leave the band due to lack of time. The band then decided to continue without a keyboard player and planned the recordings of the debut full length album. In summer of the same year, the recordings of the album begun at BaseLine studios with John Makris as the sound engineer. During the recordings, Michail Z had to leave the band for personal reasons, a fact that meant further delays in the recording process. Finally, the lead guitars were recorded by John Makris and the process of the album continued.

In early 2010, Thanos had to cope with some personal health issues that emerged and Andreas and Panos proceeded to fulfil their military obligations. Unfortunately, all of these brought an inactive period of several months. Nevertheless, the band managed to complete the production of the debut full-length album entitled “Beyond the Acheron” and produce the remarkable video clip for the song “Mortal Lust”.

At the moment, the band is looking for a guitar player and also for a record label in order to release “Beyond the Acheron” in 2011.