                       


                             PART  378




                 BRITNEY SPEARS  - Baby One More Time  (1998)
                 TRAVIS  - Baby One More Time  (1999)



       "...Baby One More Time" is a song by Britney Spears. It served as Spears' debut single and title track from her debut studio album, ...Baby One More Time (1999). Written by Max Martin and produced by Martin, Rami Yacoub and Denniz Pop, "...Baby One More Time" was released on September 30, 1998, by Jive Records. After recording and sending a demo tape with an unused song from Toni Braxton, Spears signed a multi-album deal with Jive. "...Baby One More Time" is a teen pop and dance-pop song that refers to a girl who regrets breaking up with her boyfriend. The song received generally favorable reviews from critics, who praised its composition.
    "...Baby One More Time" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 and topped the chart two and a half months later for two consecutive weeks, replacing R&B-singer Brandy's "Have You Ever?". Simultaneously, it climbed to number-one on the Canadian Singles Chart. The song reached the top spot of the Hot 100 Singles Sales and stayed there for four consecutive weeks. This eventually propelled the single to a platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America. The track reached the top spot in every European country in which it charted    
     "...Baby One More Time" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, and has been included in lists by Blender, Rolling Stone and VH1. It has been noted for redefining the sound of late 1990s music. Spears has named "...Baby One More Time" as one of her favorite songs from her career.


      Travis version 

      "ΓÇªBaby One More Time" has been covered on numerous occasions. One of the earliest live covers of the song was by Travis, recorded during one of their concerts at "The Bay Tavern" in Robin Hood's Bay, North Yorkshire, England. The song was later included in the release of their 1999 single, "Turn". Lead singer Francis Healey said, "We did it for a laugh the first time. And as we played it, the irony slipped from my smile. ItΓÇÖs a very well-crafted song. It has that magic thing."
       The Guardian said this cover showed a new and more "dark" side of the band, commenting "slowed down to a mournful crawl, it was amazing how ominous the couplet "This loneliness is killing me / Hit me, baby, one more time" sounded". PopWreckoning.com called it "perhaps the most well done cover of BritneyΓÇÖs catalyst to eternal fame". Spears heard their version while shopping in a mall and said, "It was so weird. I liked it though, I thought it was cool. It was a very different vibe from what I did"