Screw the Roses, Send Me the Thorns: The Romance and Sexual Sorcery of Sadomasochism
by Philip Miller and Molly Devon
Mystic Rose Books | 1995 | ISBN-10: 0964596008 | PDF | 277 | 18 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Screw-Roses-Send-Thorns-Sadomasochism/dp/0964596008

Philip Miller and Molly Devon think that S/M is fun, and "that reading about it should be fun, too." Screw the Roses, Send Me the Thorns is definitely fun, not to mention approachable, chatty, and insightful. What makes it truly special, however, is the sheer weight of loving details. There's clear explanations and detailed tutorials for beginners, as general as "safe, sane, and consensual" and as specific as "you will be swinging the whip with your arm pivoting at the shoulder." There's also solid advice, safety measures, steamy suggestions, plenty of black-and-white photographs, useful and humorous drawings, an extensive glossary, and over 900 entries of S/M clothing and equipment vendors, publications, computer bulletin boards, and organizations worldwide. As sadomasochism is a practice that's still taboo for many people, the chapter on finding partners and sharing your fantasies with existing partners can be invaluable.
Screw the Roses enthusiastically covers all the basics and even some of the not-so-basics--bondage, negotiation, sex, endorphins, dominance and submission, toys, safety, S/M community, and beyond. It's written primarily from the point of view of male dominant/female submissive interactions, but it's easily translatable into valuable advice for any relationship configuration. Miller and Devon's explanations of not just the how, but also the why, of sadomasochism are honest, sexy, funny--and a must-have for anyone who wants to learn about sadism, masochism, dominance, submission, or bondage.

Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
The Color of a Rose
Foreword by Dr. William A. Granzig
Introduct ion
1 Gee, Toto, I Don't Think We Are In Kansas Anymore!
2 Sexual Magic Why We Do Do That Voodoo
3 The Politics ofVery Strange Bedfellows Sensible SM Relationships and Dangerous Liaisons
4 "You Want To Worship My WHAT???" Negotiation and Relationships
5 Straight Facts and Bent Phalluses Sexual Attitudes
6 Non-Government Sanctioned Sex and Torture
7 Get Them By the Balls; Their Hearts and Minds Will Follow Bondage Theory
8 Of Humane Bondage Bondage Techniques
9 Philip's Philosophy of Phlogging Phun The Corporal Dimension
10 When the Inner Child Deserves a Spanking Philip's (and Phriend's) Phurther Pheelings on Phlogging
11 It's Only Pain. Dear, and It's Only Yours Why Take A Long Road To Enlightenment, When You Can Haul Ass On A Super Highway'?
12 Making the Upper Cheeks Red Embarrassment, Humiliation and the Mind Fuck
13 Furnishing Your Dungeon
Glossary
Appendix A: SM Support Groups and Organizations
Appendix B: Stores, Suppliers, and Artisans
Appendix C: Computer Bulletin Boards
Appendix D: SM and Fetish Magazines
Appendix E: Recommended Reading
Appendix F: NLA Statement On Domestic Violence
Index