THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Prototype 2 XBOX360-COMPLEX

The sequel to Radical Entertainment's best-selling open-world action game 
of 2009, PROTOTYPE  2 takes the unsurpassed carnage of the original 
PROTOTYPE and continues the experience of becoming the ultimate 
shape-shifting weapon. You are Sgt James Heller, husband to a deceased wife 
and child and a soldier left simply to die. 
  
As the game's all-new infected protagonist, players will experience Sgt 
James Heller cutting a bloody swathe through the wastelands of post-viral 
New York Zero. Equipped with unparalleled new shapeshifting powers,players 
will gradually build a vast genetic arsenal of deadly new biological 
weapons and abilities as they hunt, kill and consume their way toward the 
ultimate goal - to kill...Alex...Mercer! 
  

Prepare to unleash the ultimate form of shape-shifting devastation. Sgt 
James Heller's incredible new Tendril power lets you lift and tear apart 
cars and military vehicles, ensnare powerful infected beasts and even rip 
large groups of enemies to shreds . Get ready to unleash hell! 
  
Prototype 2 delivers the raw power of character customization back into 
your hands, allowing players to creatively mix-n-match a devastating range 
of new Mutation perks into their ultimate Prototype. Faster and bigger 
locomotion abilities, sharper claws or even enhanced disguise abilities - 
the choice is yours! 
  
Imagine having the power to track down any enemy by unleashing a 
powerful sonar-pulse from your body! Sgt James Heller brings an all new 
dimension to the Prototype experience by letting you Hunt, Kill and Become 
anyone standing in your way. Disguise yourself as a soldier, scientist or 
anyone at all whilst absorbing their memories and acquiring new abilities. 
It doesn't get any better than this! 
  
Next year, gamers will experience the epic story of Sgt James Heller 
attempting to take down the devil himself... Alex Mercer. Unraveled against 
the explosive backdrop of New York Zero and it's vicious factions warring 
for control over the infection, Prototype 2 sets the stage for the ultimate 
showdown "event" videogame of 2012. 
  
Utilizing the unparalleled technology of Radical's proprietary 'Titanium 
2.0' engine, Prototype 2 will redefine gamer's expectations of over-the-top 
open world action. Witness building-sized Infected behemoths bullrushing 
entire city streets, whilst gliding and parkouring across swarms of highly 
trained Blackwatch soldiers. Prototype 2 = Bigger, Badder, Better! 

Platform: XBOX360
Format: XGD3 
Region: Region Free
Size: 1DVD
Language: English
Genre: FPS

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-2D69_4F901196.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-516E_4F901196.jpg