Artist...:   VA
Title....:   Mellomania 22 Mixed By Pedro Del Mar
Label....:   Black Hole Recordings
Genre....:   Trance
Quality..:   VBR kbit/ 44,1 kHz
Source...:   CDDA
Ripdate..:   Nov-24-2012
Encoder..:   LAME 3.98.4 (VBR -V0 --vbr-new)
Tracks...:   02

Tracklist:

01.Mellomania 22 Mixed By Pedro Del Mar CD1    77:48

01.Mellomania 22 Mixed By Pedro Del Mar CD2    77:37

                                               279,7 MB
Notes:

Hi Mellomaniacs,

Almost another year has passed since the release of the last Mellomania 2CD,
so I'm very thrilled myself to present the brand new Mellomania 22!

The global EDM-scene massively changed over the last months.
Progressive house is dominating the global club scene, and more and more former
trance artists are going into a more progressive direction.
I'm personally very open-minded when it comes to music styles,
and I'm also showcasing many different genres in my Mellomania radio shows.
In these times you can anyway hardly separate the unique styles,
and in my opinion there is also no need to limit yourself to stay within certain boundaries.

But before you're becoming frightened about the style of the album you're currently holding in your hands,
I can release the all-clear. Mellomania 22 is a 100% trance compilation with euphoric,
emotional and uplifting tunes on Disc 1 and Balearic and slightly progressive trance tracks on Disc 2.
Whilst one or the other tune may already sound familiar to you, you'll also find a lot of fresh tracks,
which have exclusively been produced for this compilation.

I'm really excited to receive your honest feedback and comments about this album.
The easiest way of catching up with me is always via my social networks like Facebook and Twitter,
or you can just give me a shout during one of my gigs.

Last but not least I would like to thank all Mellomaniacs from all across the globe for the never ending support
you're giving me, and I wish you outstanding remaining weeks of the year.
For all those who do celebrate Christmas, have a great time with your beloved.

See you soon on a gig nearby you.

Cheers,

Pedro.
