Native Instruments Action Strings KONTAKT | 9.13 GB
TEAM MAGNETRiXX 02 December 2012

Native Instruments has introduced Action Strings – a phrase-based instrument, 
featuring a 60-piece string orchestra, that’s designed to let you create ‘epic, 
blockbuster sound’.

Performed by the FILMharmonic Orchestra Prague, Action Strings offers with over 
14GB of musical phrases. The orchestra is made up of a high ensemble featuring 
22 violins, eight violas and six cellos, as well as a low ensemble containing 
ten violas, eight cellos and six basses. The phrases range from basic rhythmic 
patterns to intricate melodies, each recorded live in every key, and in two 
dynamic levels.

STRING THEORY

The phrases in ACTION STRINGS were performed by the FILMharmonic Orchestra 
Prague – sampled in exquisite detail by experienced score producers, Dynamedion. 
The orchestra was made up of 60 musicians – 36 in the high ensemble (22 violins, 
eight violas and six cellos), and 24 in the low ensemble (ten violas, eight 
cellos and six basses).

The phrases range from basic rhythm patterns to complex melodies, each recorded 
live in every key, and in two dynamic levels. Blend between the dynamic levels 
via the mod wheel, switch the harmonic patterns to minor or major via velocity, 
or change the meter to fit your production. And because these strings are 
recorded as phrases, the sound is stunningly natural at all times.


SIMPLE AND FLEXIBLE

ACTION STRINGS is designed to make your job easier. All the 150 phrases are 
organized into themes of five, with five additional custom slots. All slots can 
be assigned or changed easily via the phrase browser, making the coherent 
development of your track completely straightforward. Every phrase is playable 
in all keys, and is selectable via keyswitch – create epic progressions without 
spending a lifetime studying music theory and arrangement.

Play phrases in Trigger mode for more control or sync your phrase to the ‘1’ of 
your host’s tempo. Utilizing KONTAKT’s Time-Machine Pro, you can drastically 
alter the tempo of the phrase in real time, even progressive changes like 
ritardando or accelerando – the sound remains strong and natural at all times.

ABOUT DYNAMEDION

Founded by Pierre Langer and Tilman Sillescu, Dynamedion has established itself 
as a leader in soundtrack composition, orchestra production and sound design on 
the European computer game market. Their work on Halo Legends, KINECT StarWars, 
Alan Wake, and Crysis 2 have set the standard for large-scale projects in the 
industry and won a reputation for unsurpassed quality. Also highly renowned for 
scoring movie trailers – including The Last King of Scotland, The Bourne 
Ultimatum and 10,000 B.C – Dynamedion have received numerous prizes and music 
awards in the past decade.

The epic, blockbuster sound of a string orchestra, instantly playable and 
recorded live in stunning quality.

Add instant orchestral drama to your productions
Choose from 14 GB of flexible, playable phrases
Lightning-fast results in pristine studio quality

Running in KONTAKT 5 or the free KONTAKT 5 PLAYER, ACTION STRINGS lets you 
select phrases with your left hand and control chords, melodies and tonality 
with your right – making it a cinch to create edge-of-the-seat sequences, 
whatever your production expertise.


Product type 	          Sampled orchestral strings phrase player
For use with 	          FreeKONTAKT 5 PLAYER andKONTAKT 5
Number of instruments 	  1 NKI, 154 phrases
Sound category 	          Cinematic strings
Size (Mac / PC) 	  >9 GB of samples (uncompressed: >14 GB)



INSTALLATION:


• Burn or mount the ISO file with a virtual drive like PowerISO

• Use with the latest KONTACT


        •  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!