Knots and Physics (1st Ed) 
by Louis H. Kauffman 
World Scientific Publishing | January 1991 | ISBN: 9810203438 | Pages: 500 | PDF | 20 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Knots-Physics-Everything-Louis-Kauffman/dp/9810241119

This volume provides an introduction to knot and link invariants as generalized amplitudes for a quasi-physical process. The demands of knot theory, coupled 

with a quantum-statistical framework, create a context that naturally includes a range of interrelated topics in topology and mathematical physics. The author 

takes a primarily combinatorial stance toward knot theory and its relations with these subjects. This stance has the advantage of providing direct access to the 

algebra and to the combinatorial topology, as well as physical ideas. The book is divided into two parts: Part 1 is a systematic course on knots and physics 

starting from the ground up; and Part 2 is a set of lectures on various topics related to Part 1. Part 2 includes topics such as frictional properties of knots, 

relations with combinatorics and knots in dynamical systems. In this third edition, a paper by the author entitled "Knot Theory and Functional Integration" has 

been added. This paper shows how the Kontsevich integral approach to the Vassiliev invariants is directly related to the perturbative expansion of Witten's 

functional integral. While the book supplies the background, this paper can be read independently as an introduction to quantum field theory and knot 

invariants and their relation to quantum gravity. As in the second edition, there is a selection of papers by the author at the end of the book. Numerous 

clarifying remarks have been added to the text.

About the Author
Louis H. Kauffman (3 February, 1945) is an American mathematician, topologist, and professor of Mathematics in the Department of Mathematics, Statistics, 

and Computer science at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He is known for the introduction and development of the bracket polynomial and Kauffman 

polynomial.