Sarasri Tejaparakhiji-Karmatma aur karma ka sindthanth : karma karane ki kala (Hindhi)(5 DVD-ISO)




"To know the art of good Karma, understand the science of tendencies."

A discussion between seekers and Sirshree, the founder of Tej Gyan Foundation is reproduced below. The discussion throws light on a number of beliefs one may have about Karma



Seeker 1: Sirshree, what exactly is the law of Karma?



Sirshree: Let us examine everyone’s beliefs here about Karma before we exactly come to the law of Karma. Let us suppose young Sam stole from his father. He stole 100 dollars worth of money from his father’s wallet. What according to you will happen as per law of Karma?  What do each one of you think? Let us start with you – since you asked the question…



Seeker 1: Well, I think if Sam stole from his father, when Sam grows up – his son will steal about the same amount of money from him.



Sirshree: What about interest? (smiles). What if he does not get married at all? What do others think?



Seeker 2: Well, I believe that someone will steal back from him. It may be money, it may be ideas. It will be sometime or the other. But nature will pay back.  And it may not be from a similar relationship. Nature will repay back through anybody.



Seeker 3:  I believe that something wrong will happen to him and God will square off. It is not necessary that someone will steal. But for every ‘debit’, there will be a ‘credit’ in some form or the other. Something bad will definitely happen to him.



Sirshree: So, do you think there is ‘someone’ to square off? Is there a divine accountant who keeps track of every karma?



Seeker 3:  Yes, I believe so.

Seeker 2: Maybe nature keeps track. That is the law. Like the law of attraction, the law of karma comes into operation and someone, somewhere keeps track.



Seeker 4: I believe this is all humbug. Nobody keeps track. There is no impact of any karma. You steal and you enjoy the money. That’s it. Maybe you will get caught. Then you suffer. It is all practical. This whole thing about Karma is unscientific. So, I do not believe in Karma at all.



Sirshree: Every answer here clarifies what beliefs you carry. Let us change the question. What if in the story – young Sam apologizes to his father the next day? He confesses and gives the money back. What do you think will then happen as per the law of Karma?



Document Type: Book
All Authors / Contributors: Saras´ri¯ Tejapa¯rakhi¯ji¯.

ISBN: 9788184150995 8184150997
OCLC Number: 433413511
Language Note: In Hindi.
Description: 208 p. : ill., port ; 22 cm.
Series Title: Happy thoughts
Responsibility: Saras´ri¯ Tejapa¯rakhi¯ji¯.