What is Master Collection?

Adobe Creative Suite 6 Master Collection software delivers unprecedented performance with blazing-fast 64-bit native support and GPU acceleration. Groundbreaking new creative tools provide innovative ways to design for the latest devices. With exceptional power and precision, you can create inspiring experiences that go anywhere.*


See the top new features in CS6 Master Collection

With groundbreaking new creative tools, you can deliver inspirational experiences virtually anywhere. Master Collection features 64-bit native support and GPU acceleration for unprecedented power across core components.



Tackle any creative challenge that comes your way. Use the ultimate professional toolset to explore new ways to design amazing print, web, and video experiences.



Work fluidly on your most complex projects with tools newly optimized for speed and performance. Reengineered features let you create with significantly fewer steps for maximum efficiency.



Reach more people in more places by designing to the latest web, mobile, and video standards. Create stunning, responsive experiences that fluidly adapt to virtually all screen sizes and form factors.

What's inside
Photoshop Extended
Photoshop® CS6 Extended
Illustrator
Illustrator® CS6
InDesign
InDesign® CS6
Acrobat X Pro
Acrobat® X Pro
Flash Professional
Flash® Professional CS6
Flash Builder
Flash Builder® 4.6 Premium Edition
Dreamweaver
Dreamweaver® CS6
Fireworks
Fireworks® CS6
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe Premiere® Pro CS6
After Effects
After Effects® CS6
Adobe Audition
Adobe Audition® CS6
SpeedGrade
SpeedGrade™ CS6
Adobe Prelude
Prelude™ CS6
Encore
Encore® CS6
Bridge
Bridge CS6
Media Encoder
Media Encoder CS6


1. go to adobe.com 
2. create account or Adobe ID 
3. login to created adobe account 
4. go to " adobe.com/downloads " and start download ANY program - option "Try" 
5. cancel downloading file 
6. !!! do not close web browser !!! (cookie is active) 
7. paste in adress bar posted link for download version what you want 
8. download will start 
9. if you want use resume or connection will lost - do not close web browser; else cookie will expires 
HERE's THE LINKS 
LS16: en_US / en_GB / ja_JP 
Code: 
trials2.adobe.com/AdobeProducts/STAM/CS6/osx10/MasterCollection_CS6_LS16.dmg *
change the LS16 to the LS# of the language you want and it will do the same.
*EDIT LS16 to the LS# for the language you need

MAC CRACK- FOLLOW DIRECTIONS -->
