The Infinity Trilogy comprises three absolutely fantastic (in both story and art) Marvel crossover events:  The Infinity Gauntlet; The Infinity War; and The Infinity Crusade.

Infinity Crusade is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics in 1993.  The series was written by Jim Starlin and penciled by Ron Lim, Ian Laughlin, Al Milgrom and Jack Morelli.  It is a sequel to Infinity Gauntlet and Infinity War.

The Goddess eventually collects a total of 30 containment units, and uses these to form a Cosmic Egg, capable of fulfilling wishes.

Using the Egg to create a planet called Paradise Omega, the Goddess brainwashes and recruits many of Earth's superheroes to act as her army.  The heroes chosen are susceptible because they are religious, or have had a near-death experience.  The characters, led by heroine Moondragon are told to defend the Goddess while she meditates on how to rid the universe of all evil.

Heroes Mister Fantastic; the android Vision and Iron Man investigate the disappearance of their allies and find Planet Omega.  They retreat when attacked by the controlled heroes, and contact Professor X (leader of the X-Men,) who attempts to speak with Moondragon via telepathy.  This results in a telepathic attack that leaves Professor X in a coma.  The Titan Thanos is seen as a threat by the Goddess and is also attacked, but is saved by the character Adam Warlock.  The demon Mephisto offers his knowledge of the Goddess to Thanos and Warlock in exchange for one of the cosmic containment units, to which they agree.

Thanos gathers the heroes of Earth and the Silver Surfer, who while initially serving the Goddess has shaken her control.  The Surfer destroys Planet Omega's defenses, enabling the heroes to land and battle their comrades in what becomes a battle to the death.  Thanos, boosting his own telepathic powers with those of the comatose Professor X, attacks the Goddess at the moment the character activates her plan.  Rationalizing that evil will continue to exist while sentient life exists, the Goddess uses the Egg to rewrite existence.

This, however, proves to be an illusion created by Warlock moments before the Goddess acted to trick the character, thus exposing her true goal to her army and depriving her of their loyalty.  And hence, the will needed to override the containment unit's safeguards against universal destruction.  Caught off guard, the Goddess is attacked simultaneously by Thanos, Warlock and Professor X, the three striking her on the spiritual plane as the containment units cannot affect the soul, and she is absorbed into the Soul Gem.  The heroes return to Earth, with their battle undone by the Cosmic Egg before Thanos ordered it to destroy itself and ensure that its power could never be used by another.  Thanos takes a cosmic containment unit for Mephisto and then destroys the Egg and Planet Omega.  Mephisto receives his payment, but the unit is non-functional as he failed to specify that the artifact must work.

Enjoy, and please seed.
