Last Chance To See by Douglas Adams, Read by Douglas Adams.

This is a better quality copy (128 CBR) than the other's floating around and includes additional audio extras (notes, drafts, out-takes).

-Last Chance to See Main Folder-

   Chapter 1  -   Twig Technology
   Chapter 2  -   Here Be Chickens
   Chapter 3a -   Leopard-Skin Pillbox
   Chapter 3b -   Leopard-Skin Pillbox
   Chapter 4  -   Heartbeats in the Night
   Chapter 5  -   Blind Panic
   Chapter 6  -   Rare or Medium
   Chapter 7  -   Shifting Through the Embers

-Supplement Folder-
 
   Chapter 1 Supplement - Mark's Notes

   Chapter 2 Supplement - Mark's Notes
   Chapter 2 Supplement - More Mark's Notes
   Chapter 2 Supplement - Richard Dawkin's Notes

   Chapter 3 Supplement - Douglas and Hippos
   Chapter 3 Supplement - Gloria Field Trip
   Chapter 3 Supplement - Mark's Notes
   Chapter 3 Supplement - More Mark's Notes

   Chapter 4 Supplement - Douglas in a Helicopter
   Chapter 4 Supplement - Mark's Notes
   Chapter 4 Supplement - More Mark's Notes
   Chapter 4 Supplement - Richard Dawkin's Notes

   Chapter 5 Supplement - Douglas in Line
   Chapter 5 Supplement - Douglas in Rush Hour
   Chapter 5 Supplement - Mark's Notes
   Chapter 5 Supplement - Recording Underwater

   Chapter 6 Supplement - Douglas Lands
   Chapter 6 Supplement - Mark's Notes

   Chapter 7 Supplement - Douglas and Richard Dawkins

   Out-takes


Douglas Noel Adams (11 March 1952 – 11 May 2001) was an English writer and dramatist. He is best known as the author of The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, which started life in 1978 as a BBC radio comedy before developing into a "trilogy" of five books that sold over 15 million copies in his lifetime, a television series, several stage plays, comics, a computer game, and in 2005 a feature film. Adamss contribution to UK radio is commemorated in The Radio Academys Hall of Fame.[1]

Adams also wrote Dirk Gentlys Holistic Detective Agency (1987) and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul (1988), and co-wrote The Meaning of Liff (1983), Last Chance to See (1990), and three stories for the television series Doctor Who. A posthumous collection of his work, including an unfinished novel, was published as The Salmon of Doubt in 2002.

Adams became known as an advocate for environmental and conservation causes, and also as a lover of fast cars, cameras, and the Apple Macintosh. He was a staunch atheist, famously imagining a sentient puddle who wakes up one morning and thinks, "This is an interesting world I find myself in—an interesting hole I find myself in—fits me rather neatly, doesn't it? In fact it fits me staggeringly well, must have been made to have me in it!" 

Biologist Richard Dawkins dedicated his book, The God Delusion (2006), to Adams, writing on his death that, "Science has lost a friend, literature has lost a luminary, the mountain gorilla and the black rhino have lost a gallant defender."

