Songs of Protest
by Sumangala Damodaran

"A forgotten tradition from the 1940s and 50s"

'Songs of Protest' presents resistance songs in four languages (Hindustani, Malayalam, Bangla, Punjabi) from the 1940 and 1950s, from the Indian People's Theatre
Association and other organisations. Sumangala Damodaran presents a glimpse of the marvellous musical and thematic diversity of this tradition.

Track Information:

1. Jaane Waale Sipahi Se Poochho
Hindustani, written and composed by Makhdoom Mohiuddin. An evocative World War II song on the meaninglessness of war.

2. Pachhapananthathe
Malayalam, written by Ponkunnam Damodaran, composed by Baburaj. A love song to a green parakeet by a young peasant girl in Kerala.

3. Aar Koto Kaal
Bangla, written by Benoy Roy. A song from the Tebhaga movement in Bengal in 1946, when peasants rose up against oppressive landlords.

4. Din Khoon Ke Hamaare
Hindustani, anonymous. In memory of the hundreds gunned down at Jallianwala Bagh in Amritsar during the freedom struggle.

5. Kinu Phol Dassan Dukh Dard Saiyon
Punjabi, written by Sheila Bhatia. Ballad in the 'Heer' style tells the story of a poor Bengali peasant girl whose home and family have been wiped out in the Bengal famine.

6. Suno Suno
First part written by Benoy Roy when the Bengal Famine killed millions of people in Bengal, second part in the same tune by Prem Dhawan during India's Partition.

7. Balikudeerangale
Malayalam, written by Vayalar Rama Varma, composed by G. Devarajan. A 1950s song commemorating those who gave their lives in the Mutiny of 1857, India's first war
of independence.

8. Phiraiya De De
Bangla, written by Benoy Roy. Commemorates and laments the hangingn, by the British, of four peasant leaders in far-away Kayyur in Northern Kerala in 1943.

9. Jhoom Jhoom Ke
Hindustani, written and composed by Prem Dhawan. A vibrant song of celebration written on 15 August 1947, the day India attained freedom.

Produced by Susmit Sen

Sound Engineer: Leo Antony

Musicians:
Susmit Sen - Guitars
Tapan Mullick - Cello, double bass
Deepak Castelino - Acoustic guitar for Song 2
Pritam Ghosal - Sarod
Chander Sekhar - Mridangam
A. Muralikrishnan - Ghatam
Abhishek Mangla - Bass guitar
Leo Antony - Keyboards and sequencing for Song 6, drums sequencing for Song 5
Anindo Bose - Drums sequencing for Songs 1 and 8
Gyan Singh - Tabla, jembe and other percussion including kitchen utensnils for Songs 3, 8 and 9
Backup vocals - Sudhir Rikhari and Harpreet Singh

Engineered at Studio Epiphany, A-112, Basement, Shivalik, New Delhi.

Thanks to Madan Gopal Singh for helping develop song 5 in the traditional Heer styles.

Cover and booklet design credits: Ashima Yadav, Sudhanva Deshpande, Susmit Sen. (Booklet not included in the upload)
Photo: Mimi Chakrabarti

Supported by a grant from the National School of Drama, New Delhi.

Audio CD Rip - CBR 320 kbps, Stereo.