Past Masters is a two-volume compilation album set by The Beatles which was released in 1988 as part of the issue of the bandΓÇÖs entire back catalogue on CD. Compiled by the noted Beatles authority Mark Lewisohn, this collection of many of the band's biggest hits as well as rarities includes every song released commercially by the band that was not available on The BeatlesΓÇÖ twelve original UK albums or the Magical Mystery Tour LP. 

The majority of the Past Masters set consists of A and B-sides from the band's singles, including single versions of songs that appeared in a different form on the band's albums. Also included are the full contents of the UK-only Long Tall Sally EP, two German language tracks, a song recorded for the American market and a track released on a charity compilation album. 

The "Past Masters" name had previously been used by EMI for a series of three unrelated reissue singles.

Past Masters was first released as the separate CDs Past Masters, Volume One and Past Masters, Volume Two on 7 March 1988, which were included in the The Beatles Box Set.

The double LP set Past Masters, Volumes One & Two was subsequently released in the United States on 24 October 1988 and in the United Kingdom on 10 November 1988 and was the final Beatles album released as a vinyl record before the recording industry stopped manufacturing them in large quantities in favour of the compact disc format of prerecorded music by 1989. Subsequent new Beatles albums were released in the vinyl record format as limited editions. 

A two-CD set, Past Masters, which contained both volumes, was released on 9 September 2009, as part of the remastering of the original Beatles' catalogue, and was included in The Beatles Stereo Box Set.[14] This release includes stereo mixes of both "From Me to You" and "Thank You Girl". In The Beatles in Mono box set, the album Mono Masters took the place of Past Masters, containing a similar track list of dedicated mono mixes.


2009 Remaster Track Listing [320k MP3]
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Past_Masters#Past_Masters_track_listings