It is a bitter irony that today millions who claim to be religious --
those who counsel peace, advocate the community of humankind, and voice
concern for the welfare of others -- often perpetrate madness, mayhem,
and murder on a grand scale, and all in the name of some "rightous" cause.
It would seem that the Crusades, Inquisitions, and Witch hunts of our dark
and blood-drenched past have taught us nothing.  In just the first few
years of the 1990s the world has witnessed Sikh violence against Muslims
in India; Serbian Orthodox Christians against Croatian Catholics and
Bosnian Muslims in the shattered Yugoslavia; the extremism of Muslim
holy laws throughout Africa and the Middle East; Catholics against
Protestants in Northern Ireland; the Branc Davidian inferno in Waco,
Texas; Hindues and Buddhists engageing in violent clashes in Sri Lanka;
and the United States' first real experience of international religious
terrorism on its own shores -- namely, the bombing of the World Trade
Center in New York City.

These are but a few of the horrific episodes that make so many people
question the benign message of modern religion.

In Holy Hatred: Religious Conflicts of the 1990s, renowned journalist
James A. Haught, author of the widely acclaimed Holy Horrors: An
Illustrated History of Religious Murder and Madness, demonstrates
in gruesome detail that humanity in general and the world's religions
in particular have learned little from the brutal mistakes of their
predecessors.  Whether it be masses of Hindues storming the gates of
a Muslim mosque in India; a car bombing in Belfast; the shotgun
murder of an abortion-clinic physician in Florida; "ethnic clensing"
at the hands of Orthodox Serbs in Bosnia-Herzegovina; or the bounties
placed on the heads of those who dare question the iron law of Islam;
the frightening effects of "fractious faith" can be seen in virtually
every part of the globe.  But before ational people can join together
to develope constructive answers to the conflicts of religious
tribalism, which divide nations, communities, and families, the
gripping realities of recent years must be acknowledged.

Vividly illustrated with compelling photographs and valuable maps,
Holy Hatred offers a sobering chronicle of the many acts of cruelty,
molestation, and slaughter of innocents that humanity has permitted
to take place in the name of one religion or another.  Included are
reports on incidents in twenty five nations: Afghanistan, Bangladesh,
Cypres, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon,
Libya, Kuwait, Nigeria, Northern Ireland, Pakistan, the Philippines,
Saudi Arabia, Somalia, the former Soviet Union, Sri Lanka, Sudan,
Trinidad, Turkey, and the United States.

Whether as willing participants or as casual observers, we have
permitted the bloodshed to continue; it is up to each of us to stop
it.
