THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Dragons Dogma XBOX360-iMARS

Set in a huge open world, Dragon’s Dogma is a unique action experience 
that blends exciting and fulfilling combat with the freedom to explore 
and interact in a rich, living and breathing world.

With your party of three you set out on an epic adventure to track down 
and destroy a mysterious dragon. Along the way you’ll encounter some of 
the biggest and baddest beasts ever to roam the land, and only skilful 
play and tactical teamwork can save the day.

Features:

Fight With Ability: The soul of combat comes down to how the game is 
played, where you strike the enemy, and how you react to their attacks.

Accessible Depth: Bringing an unprecedented level of depth to the action 
genre, every decision has an effect on gameplay in an intuitive way that 
does not require micromanagement. The weight of your weapon, the material 
of your armor, even the length of your legs, plays a role in how you fight 
your battles, but does not interrupt the flow of the action.

Epic Adventure: Dragon’s Dogma is built from the ground up as an action 
experience for consoles with a continuous, epic storyline that stands alone 
in style, scope and substance.

Open World: Utilizing Capcom’s proprietary MT Framework engine and the 
groundbreaking graphical styles and lighting effects used in Resident Evil 
5 and Lost Planet 2, Dragon’s Dogma expands the environment to create a 
vast, richly detailed world, ripe for exploration.

A Rich Population: In addition to interacting with hundreds of fully voiced 
NPCs, you’ll be able to fight a large variety of creatures, from goblins to 
griffins and dragons. Each enemy requires a different strategy and provides 
a unique experience.

Platform: XBOX360
Format XGD3
Region: Region Free
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: RPG

Trailer:

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-9740_4FB6C477.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-4913_4FB6C477.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-071C_4FB6C477.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-20A0_4FB6C477.jpg