Voila 3.2 + Crack.

$29.99
Category: Productivity
Updated: Aug 08, 2012
Version: 3.2
Size: 13.8 MB
Languages: English, French
Seller: Global Delight Technologies Pvt. Ltd
┬⌐ 2012, Global Delight
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6.6 or later

Description


Voila is the most powerful screen capturing software for your Mac, that not just lets you capture or record content, but also shared across seamlessly. Voila also offers a wide choice of Editing and Annotating tools for your still-captures.

Voila is the ultimate tool for every Mac user who is looking for a quick Snap, Edit and Share of screen captures.

What does Voila offer you?

* Gorgeous UI
* Multiple capture options such as Full Screen, Selection Capture in various forms, Menu and Object.
* Option to capture entire web-pages, from your favorite browser, even the scrollable regions.
* Record high quality videos for your tutorials, or capture your favorite videos from your browser or desktop.
* Quick and easy trimming of your screen recordings using QuickTime Player.
* An exhaustive collection of Annotating tools for your still-shots such as Text, Sprays, Blur, Callouts and more, intended to make your screen shots more informative and productive.
* Add Effects to your screen shots and make them more visually appealing. Bloggers, we have you covered here!
* You can also take advantage of Voila's full screen support on Lion to better utilize the real estate and make the image editing more precise!
* And what good is keeping anything to your self? Share your work instantly via YouTube, Mail, Flickr, FTP and SFTP.

Watch the quick overview video:

Please Note:
A few users have experienced crashes with Voila on 10.7 or 10.8. This is due to the legacy component 3ivx. We have covered it in more detail on our blog:

If you need any assistance with the app please drop a line to voila@globaldelight.com

For latest news on Voila, follow us @globaldelight on Twitter


What's New in Version 3.2

Fully compatible with the OS X Mountain Lion