Vardonia is a land in turmoil. Two rival kingdoms are at war, Arkan and Abylon. Wherever you allegiance may lie, all is not as it seems, as various plots unfold, revealing hidden agendas, and old, untameable gods and vicious monsters start to run amok.

A grand tale of intrigue, betrayal and redemption; discovery, sacrifice and glory, interlaced with fierce battles and challenging quests. Can YOU save the land of Vardonia?

FOUR - playable characters! Each with unique skills, strengths, items and perspective!

BERSERKER - Close-range weapons, powerful, heaps of weapons and armor to use.

PALADIN - Close-range weapons, swift and nimble, tons of weapons and armor to try out.

PRIESTESS - Long-range weapons, superior magical offense and passive HP recovery.

MAGE - Long-range weapons, superior magical offense and Mana shield defense.

Features:

    4 distinct classes to play, based on melee or magic! 
    Online market; trade items found in the game with other players! 
    Fast paced battle system, utilizing Skills and Magic. Passive and active skills enhance your character. Buff and debuff away! 
    Fame Awards translate to Game Center Achievements when goals are achieved. 
    Massive, beautifully rendered world to explore. 
    Huge number of quests and side missions. 
    Large array of weapons, armor, and garments to discover. Upgrade them at the blacksmithΓÇÖs, and intensify them with magical gems. 
    Create your own items using things found on your journeys. 
    Premium items available as in-app purchases only for your convenience! 

How to receive 3,000 FREE COINs

    Download 'Exitium: Saviors of Vardonia' 
    Play the game until you can access the COIN menu (within the in-game menu) 
    Create your on-line account and see 3000 COINs are in your account. 
    Download the COINs onto the game and use them to buy premiem items. 

What's in this version: (Updated : Jul 17, 2012)

    Limits accessing the in-app item purchase menu before a previous purchase is complete, preventing unwanted item purchases.

Required Android O/S  2.1+