Typing Master Pro
 
Touch typing tutor
 
Learn the powerful touch typing technique
 Double your typing speed to save time
 Interactive training with a personal approach
 Your Personal Typing Tutor

 Meet TypingMaster Pro, the personal touch typing tutor that adapts to your unique needs. The program provides customized exercises and helpful feedback to guide you step by step to professional keyboarding. As a result your typing speed will increase significantly saving you a lot of valuable work time. 

Adjusts to Your Progress
 At every stage training is adjusted to your personal progress. Weak spots are pinpointed and rapidly eliminated with additional exercises. Thanks to this personal approach you can put your new skills into action after only 3 to 5 hours of training.
 
Features
 
Unique Features for Optimal Learning 

Versatile Study Material
 

Five comprehensive courses
 The five typing courses cover the whole keyboard - including special marks, numeric keypad - and help you to accelerate your typing speed.

 Multi-form exercises
 The visual keyboard drills, timed texts, games and dynamic reviews will get you in the flow and keep you engaged.
 
Following Your Progress
 
Advanced feedback and tips 
Get instructive feedback on your progress and difficulties as well as personal learning tips.

 Professional typing tests
 Test your typing speed with a professional timed tests and view your results with a detailed report.

 Illustrated statistics
 Follow your progress with graphical long-term statistics.

 
Optimal Learning
 

Optimized duration
 The duration of each exercise is based on your progress in accuracy and speed.
 
Personal accuracy goal
 Set a personal accuracy goal level for the entire course.
 
Smart review
 Let TypingMaster keep track of your problem keys and help you improve your skills with personalized review exercises.
 

TypingMaster Satellite 
Let the Satellite analyze your typing in other programs for tailored training and typing statistics.

 
Additional Features
 
Support for multiple users
 Multiple users can easily improve with TypingMaster using the personal study profiles.
 
QuickPhrase typing tool 
Store frequently used text snippets and paste them to any application with a few clicks.
 
Supported OS:
 
Windows 7/vista/xp
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Disconnect internet(Temporary)
3. Use given serial to register.
4. Cracking Instructions Given in Readme file.
5. Done, Enjoy.
 