Here we have a super new p2p release for this well know and popular burning software for Windows. Changelogs are available here. Enjoy.
nero....com/eng/support-nero11-release-notes.html

Description:
Nero 11 empowers you to create and share your photos, music and videos like never before. The complete 360-degree experience offers easy-to-advanced video editing, innovative video file conversion technology for viewing movies on any device, plus burning and backup to support your complete digital life style.

Integrated Nero MediaBrowser
The all-new Nero MediaBrowser gives you a jump-start on projects. From most projects you can access your library of music, photos and videos with just one click. Drag-and-drop photos, videos or music files from Nero Kwik Media library into your project for a seamless and integrated experience.

Create photo books
Create lasting photo book, calendar and card memories with your family pictures in just seconds, and share with friends and family. No matter what the occasion, you can edit and create beautiful bound books, calendars and cards for gift-giving or for your own keepsakes. Best of all, you can showcase your beautiful pieces with professional printing, and have it delivered right to your door.

Convert DVD-Video* and video files
From videos on your mobile phone to DVD movies, every device seems to require a different playback format. Nero 11 provides advanced video transcoding that converts virtually any DVD-Video or video file to any video format for playback on any device so you can seamlessly watch your favorite videos anywhere or any place.

Import Windows Live Movie Maker™ projects
Import and edit Windows Live Movie Maker projects directly within Nero 11. Open Windows Live Movie Maker video files directly, then immediately begin enhancing the original project with more effects for professional results, all within a seamless editing experience. Use Nero's Advanced Editing features to give your videos the professional touch.

Easy and Advanced Video Editing Modes
Get amazing creative results no matter what level of video editing experience you have. Easily switch from express video editing storyboard to advanced multi-track editing with just one click, and seamlessly hand over the same project within the same window. Go from quick and easy template effects to multi-track editing, keyframe controls within the same video editing screen, amazing Picture-in-Picture effect overlay templates and more. Ramped up to give you the best output, your home video projects will impress your friends and family like never before.

Nero LIVEBackup
Take the hassles out of backing up with one-click Nero LIVEBackup for all your digital files and even your entire system. You can still choose manual backup, but only Nero LIVEBackup gives you continuous true peace of mind anytime, all the time.

Burn long lasting discs
Expect nothing less than the best with the experts who started burning. Exclusive Nero SecurDisc 3.0 with Surface Scan helps ensure disc readability regardless of scratches, age and deterioration so your content remains intact for a long time.

Ripping of DVDs
Move your movies from DVDs straight to your PC with one-click ripping. Put all your DVD and Blu-ray Disc movies* into one Media Library by ripping to your PC. Advanced settings let you rip exactly what you want—strip out unwanted sections, foreign languages, extras and more.

Features:
Integrated Nero MediaBrowser - From any project you can access your library of music, photos and videos with just one click.
Create photo books – Create lasting memories with your family pictures in just seconds with personalized photo books, calendars and cards.
Easy and Advanced Video Editing Modes – Easily switch from Express Editing to Advanced Editing with just one click.
Nero LIVEBackup – 24-7 Peace-of-mind backup with one-click Nero LIVEBackup for all your digital files and even the entire system.
Windows Live Movie Maker – Seamlessly import and enhance Windows Live Movie Maker projects directly in Nero 11
Release name: Nero.Multimedia.Suite.v11.2.00400.Multilingual.Incl.Keygen.and.Patch-iOTA
Size: 384MB

other version on this site are under 40 mb i was like wtf let me show these dudes how to torrent ya diggg

