POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 64 - Cancer Is Serious Business & Curable Now



POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 64 - Cancer Is Serious Business & Curable Now



POtHS Comment: Big Pharma Scumbags exposed here.


Description:


Burzynski The Movie - Cancer Is Serious Business:
Burzynski, the Movie, a DVDRip, is the story of a medical doctor and Ph.D biochemist named Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski who won the largest, and possibly the most convoluted and intriguing legal battle against the Food & Drug Administration in American history.

His victorious battles with the United States government were centered around Dr. Burzynski's gene-targeted cancer medicines he discovered in the 1970's called Antineoplastons, which have currently completed Phase II FDA-supervised clinical trials in 2009 and has been given permission by the FDA to begin the final phase of FDA testingΓÇôrandomized controlled clinical trials. This documentary takes the audience through the treacherous, yet victorious, 14-year journey both Dr. Burzynski and his patients have had to endure in order to obtain FDA-approved clinical trials of Antineoplastons.


Cancer Is Curable Now:
CANCER is curable NOW. However it is NOT cured with medicine and drugs, but with KNOWLEDGE! "CANCER is curable NOW" is the breakthrough that brings alternative cancer treatment to the mainstream. This Feature Length Documentary Will Bring Millions Of People To Alternative Cancer Treatments.

This documentary pulls together more than 30 international holistic professionals who have been working passionately in the field of cancer alternatives ΓÇö doctors, scientists, researchers and writers from around the world. You've probably heard about many of them in books and on TV, but if you'd like to see their knowledge distilled into a 90 min firework of insights, this movie is the place to do it.

The almost two-hour movie is very professionally done with some great 3D animations and some sad but true cartoons to lighten things up. Marcus Freudenmann and his wife Sabrina, a naturopathic doctor, traveled the world with their four children for almost 3 years to meet the experts. Their mission was to create a film about natural cancer treatments that would "wake up the world."

Also included are the 3 following pdf files:
01CANCER-IS-CURABLE
02Food_Matters_Detox_and_Rejuvenation_Guide
03Cancer-Breakthrough-USA
