Follow my uploads here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 1.6+
Overview: The app combines a top-quality Guitar Tuner, Metronome and Chords Library.

The app combines a top-quality Guitar Tuner, Metronome and Chords Library.
From creators of Ultimate Guitar Tabs, one of most popular Music applications in Android Marketplace! The Ultimate Guitar Tools, now available as a separate application, combines a top-quality Guitar Tuner, Metronome and Chords Library, giving you the ultimate set of guitar tools right on your Android phone.
"The new Ultimate Guitar Tools app rocks! Whether I'm hanging around the studio or in radio with my acoustic, I can always rely on the tuner. The metronome is great for writing and there's a great chord chart for beginners or pro's. Very cool!!" - Justin Rimer, 12 Stones
"UG Tools is an invaluable tool for any guitar player. Very user friendly and extremely useful for chord building. The brain tuner function is great for checking your pitch without plugging in and with the chords library you can write a whole progression without a guitar! All in all a great tool that everybody should check out!" - Nick Sampson, I Am Abomination
"Really dig the tuner, has great accuracy, built in mic picks up my acoustic guitar, even in loud situations, and allows you to see it down to the specific Hz." ΓÇô Rob Zakaryan, Adelitas Way
"I particularly love how the metronome setting allows for custom presets, and the ability to change time signatures. The chords library is comprehensive and a good study tool, showing positions and added intervals throughout the fretboard. The brain tuner is good for a quick ear-tune, and the chromatic tuner even allows for different tunings. UG Tools is well worth the cost." - War, Eliminator
Features:
┬╖ Guitar Tuner. Keep your instrument in tune using the device's built in microphone, or with our accurate Brain Tuner. Now with alternate tunings!
┬╖ Metronome. Keep in time with a metronome full of features like fine tempo tuning, ability to set tempo by tapping, adjustable tempo signature, beat subdivision, 5 sound packs, and much more. Now you can also create custom presents!
┬╖ Chords Library. Display and playback chords from our beautiful and powerful chord library.



                                By bobiras2009		