Before proceeding to root the LG Optimus 3D phone, there are a few things that need to be done:
Before You Start

    Ensure that the phone is left with a charge of at least 70% so that it doesn’t get turned off during the rooting process.

    Back up all the data on your phone so that it can be restored safely if any data on the phone is lost. Here are suggested tips for doing that:

        Text Messages – Use the SMS Backup and Restore app (LINKS INSIDE)

        Phone Contacts – Sync with Gmail application

        Call Log – Use the Call Logs Backup and Restore app (LINKS INSIDE)

        Pictures, music, videos, files, etc. – Copy to the internal/external
        SD card

         Internet & MMS Settings – Backup all the settings from the path
          “Applications > Settings > Wireless and Network > Mobile Networks >
          Access Point Names”
          Make sure to quit programs such as firewalls, antivirus, and tools
          like Samsung KIES , because these generally tend to interrupt the 
          process of the firmware update.
 
          Additionally, USB debugging must be enabled on your phone through
          the path “Settings > Applications > Development > USB debugging”.

Once all of that is done, we can now proceed to root your LG Optimus 3D phone:
The Rooting Procedure

    Download the Rooting Package for LG Optimus 3D onto your computer.
    (INCLUDED,SuperOneClickLGOptimus3D folder)

    Once the files are extracted, open the folder where the files are extracted to.
    Run “SuperOneClick.exe”.

    Connect your LG Optimus 3D phone to the computer with the USB Cable.

    With the SuperOneClick tool open, click the “Root” tab, which starts the 
    rooting process. When the rooting process finishes, you’ll be shown a 
    notification.

Your LG Optimus 3D phone has now been rooted! Please note that as soon as rooting is completed, another icon should appear in your list of applications. The Superuser or the CWM app icon confirms that the device has been successfully rooted and you are now ready to apply customizations to your phone.