Band: Nazz
Album: Nazz From Philadelphia / Woody's Truck Stop
Year: 1966-68
Country: UK
Genre: Psychedelic Rock

Tracklist:

CD1 : Nazz - Nazz From Philadelphia
01. Hello It's Me (Audition Take)
02. Crowded (Audition Take)
03. Lemming Song (Demo)
04. Kicks (Long Version) (Alternate)
05. Some People (Alternate)
06. Nazz Commercials (Radio Spot)
07. Open My Eyes (Alternate)
08. Forget All About It
09. Only One Winner
10. Magic Me
11. Gonna Cry Today
12. Meridian Leeward

CD2 : Woody's Truck Stop - 1966 Demos with Todd Rundgren
01. That's Right You're Wrong (Demo)
02. Why Is It Me (Demo)
03. Times Have Changed (Demo)
04. She Must Be Blind (Demo)
05. Rock Me Baby (Demo)

Personnel:
Robert "Stewkey" Antoni - vocals, piano, organ
Todd Rundgren - guitar
Carson Van Osten - bass
Thom Mooney - drums

AMG:
"This compilation of late-'60s demos and alternate takes should not be viewed as being on the same level as Nazz's three albums. But when a cult band such as the Nazz only made three LPs, followers hunger for more, and this delivers the goods to satisfy the tastes and curiosities of specialists. A late 1967 demo of 'Hello It's Me,' close to the released version but less fully produced (particularly in regard to the backing vocals), is the highlight. Otherwise there's another song from the same late 1967 tape ('Crowded'), a mid-1968 demo of 'Lemming Song' (a different version of which appeared on their debut album), alternate versions of 'Kicks' and 'Some People,' radio commercials, a slightly different take of 'Open My Eyes' (no phase on the guitar), and some alternates of songs from their second and third albums. The differences between these versions and the official ones are not radical, and if listened to for musical value alone rather than historical purposes, the tracks reflect (as does all their work) a confused band. They gravitated between soul-tinged ballads, power pop, and harder psychedelia and blues-rock, rarely coming up with tunes in the same league as their debut 'Hello It's Me'/'Open My Eyes' single. If you've gotten this far, you'll also want the 'Sydney's Lunchbox'/'It Must Be Everywhere' 45 (also on Distortions), which unearths two previously unheard songs from the late '60s."
