eac secure cue log scans

Repertoire / REP 5116 / CD

An important, underappreciated figure of early British R&B, Graham Bond is known in the U.S., if at all, for heading the group that Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker played in before they joined Cream. Originally an alto sax jazz player -- in fact, he was voted Britain's New Jazz Star in 1961 -- he met Bruce and Baker in 1962 after joining Alexis Koerner's Blues Incorporated, the finishing school for numerous British rock and blues musicians. By the time he, Bruce, and Baker split to form their own band in 1963, Bond was mostly playing the Hammond organ, as well as handling the lion's share of the vocals. John McLaughlin was a member of the Graham Bond Organization in the early days for a few months, and some live material that he recorded with the group was eventually issued after most of their members had achieved stardom in other contexts. Saxophonist Dick Heckstall-Smith completed Bond's most stable lineup, who cut a couple of decent albums and a few singles in the mid-'60s.

Bond never recaptured the heights of his work with the Organization. In the late '60s he moved to the U.S., recording albums with musicians including Harvey Brooks, Harvey Mandel, and Hal Blaine. Moving back to Britain, he worked with Ginger Baker's Airforce, the Jack Bruce Band, and Cream lyricist Pete Brown, as well as forming the band Holy Magick, who recorded a couple albums. Bond's demise was more tragic than most: he developed serious drug and alcohol problems and an obsession with the occult, and it has even been posthumously speculated (in the British Bond biography Mighty Shadow) that he sexually abused his stepdaughter. He committed suicide by throwing himself into the path of a London Underground train in 1974.

~ Richie Unterberger, All Music Guide


1.: Hoochie Coochie
2.: Baby Make Love To Me
3.: Neighbour Neighbour
4.: Early In The Morning
5.: Spanish Blues
6.: Oh Baby
7.: Little Girl
8.: I Want You
9.: Wade In The Water
10.: Got My Mojo Working
11.: Train Time
12.: Baby Be Good To Me
13.: Half A Man
14.: Tammy

Bonus Tracks

15.: Hi-Heel Sneakers
16.: Hoochie Coochi Man
17.: Little Girl
18.: Strut Around
19.: Long Tall Shorty
20.: Long Legged Baby
21.: Tell Me (I'm Gonna Love Again)
22.: Love Come Shining Through