Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the game:

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 is a first-person shooter video game, developed by Infinity Ward and Sledgehammer Games, with Raven Software having assisted in development.
It is the third installment in the Modern Warfare series, a direct sequel to 2009"s Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, and the eighth Call of Duty installment.
The entire Killstreak reward system has been revamped. 
Killstreaks are now known as Pointstreaks, and kills are no longer the only way to increase the player"s pointstreak. 
Completing objectives such as planting the bomb in Search and Destroy or capturing a flag in Capture The Flag awards points towards the player"s Pointstreak. 
Pointstreak rewards are organized into three different "strike packages" called Assault, Support, and Specialist.
Several new game modes have also been added:
    "Kill Confirmed" requires players to collect floating dog tags from the corpse of a downed enemy before the kill can be registered. However, the opposing team can pick up the dog tag as well to deny the other team of a kill.
    "Team Defender" requires both teams to try to capture a flag dropped by the first person who gets killed when the match starts, and hold it to gain double points per kill while the team without the flag only gets the default amount per kill.

System Requirements

OS: Windows XP / Windows┬« Vista / Windows 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo E6600 or AMD Phenom X3 8750 processor or better
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 12 GB free hard drive space
Video Card: Shader 3.0 or better 256 MB NVIDIA GeForce 8600GT / ATI Radeon X1950 or better
DirectX: DirectX 9.0c or later 
Internet: Broadband connection and  NET FRAMEWORK 4.0 Client !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  required for Multiplayer Connectivity. 
		

Notes:
YOU CANNOT PLAY THIS GAME WITHOUT NETFRAMEWORK 4.0 INSTALLED!!!!
Before opening game, open file "create-MW3-multiplayer-account" included in this torrent - create a new account - open game - login with your name and password - play online.
DO NOT TRY TO PLAY WITH CHEATS / HACKS - YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE BANNED !!!
This is a full game Multiplayer Only.
Multiplayer master server used : fourDelataOne IW5M r21
If you cannot connect to online services or servers to play - synchronize your PC Clock with Internet Time via Control Panel.
This version include dlc + Terminal map.


How to install:
After download is done:
- open part1 (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.


	
More info and support here : 
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=496.msg6655#msg6655

If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .