Ace Translator 9.6.8 with Text-to-Speech (for Windows®) 
A handy translation tool for your daily multilingual needs. Now with text-to-speech feature, and support for 65 languages.
The new version 9 supports 65 languages, and with text-to-speech (TTS) support for 43 languages, which makes it an ideal language learning app as well.
Ace Translator employs the power of Internet machine language translation engines, and enables you to easily translate Web contents, letters, chat, and emails between major International languages.
Ace Translator is very light yet powerful software to translate texts in different languages ​​are. Text-to-speech capability of the important features of this software is translated into another. Ace Translator is an easy solution for everyday use. The software utilizes the power of Internet translation engines, a high speed, text, letters, chat, emails and web pages in different languages ​​easily translate. The new version of the software for 64 languages ​​including English, Farsi , French, German, Italian, Russian, Chinese, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese, Korean, Bulgarian, and full support and also have the ability to convert text 41 languages ​​are spoken in the same facility, causing one of the 

Ace Translator supports translations between the following 65 languages. Languages marked with have TTS feature enabled.
 English 
 Latin Latina 
 French français 
 German Deutsch 
 Italian italiano 
 Dutch Nederlands 
 Portuguese Português 
 Spanish español 
 Catalan català 
 Greek Ελληνικά 
 Russian русский 
 Chinese (Simplified) 中文(简体) 
 Chinese (Traditional) 中文(繁體) 
 Japanese 日本語 
 Korean 한국어 
 Finnish suomi 
 Czech česky 
 Danish Dansk 
 Romanian Română 
 Bulgarian български 
 Croatian hrvatski 
 Urdu اردو 
 Tamil தமிழ் 
 Hindi हिन्दी 
 Gujarati ગુજરાતી 
 Kannada ಕನ್ನಡ 
 Telugu తెలుగు 
 Bengali বাংলা 
 Indonesian Bahasa Indonesia 
 Filipino 
 Latvian latviešu 
 Lithuanian lietuvių 
 Norwegian norsk (bokmål) 
 Serbian српски 
 Ukrainian українська 
 Slovak slovenčina 
 Slovenian slovenščina 
 Swedish svenska 
 Polish polski 
 Vietnamese Tiếng Việt 
 Arabic العربية 
 Hebrew עברית 
 Turkish Türkçe 
 Hungarian magyar 
 Thai ภาษาไทย 
 Albanian Shqip 
 Maltese Malti 
 Estonian eesti 
 Belarusian Беларуская 
 Icelandic íslensku 
 Malay Bahasa Malaysia 
 Irish Gaeilge 
 Macedonian македонски 
 Persian (Farsi) فارسی 
 Galician galego 
 Welsh Cymraeg 
 Yiddish אידיש 
 Afrikaans 
 Swahili Kiswahili 
 Haitian Creole Kreyòl Ayisyen 
 Armenian հայերեն 
 Azerbaijani Azərbaycan dili 
 Georgian ქართულად 
 Basque Euskara 
 Esperanto