All the Right Moves

Series Information: Oxygen Channel presents "All the Right Moves". Scheduled as an 8 episode one hour docu-series following the tight knit friendships and lives of four of the most successful and sought-after dancers in the industry.

The world of dance is fiercely competitive, but with careers, reputations, and friendships at stake, Emmy(R)-nominated choreographer Travis Wall ("So You Think You Can Dance"), Teddy Forance (recently featured on "Dancing With the Stars" as dancer and choreographer), Nick Lazzarini (winner of "So You Think You Can Dance" season one), and Kyle Robinson (Julliard-trained and recently featured on "Dancing With the Stars") band together to take this art form to a whole new level by launching the dance company SHAPING SOUND. Through blood, sweat, and tears these lifelong friends and roommates are determined to come together and make this venture a success, giving background dancers a chance to shine.


Cast:

Kyle Robinson As Himself
 
Nick Lazzarini As Himself
 
Teddy Forance As Himself
 
Travis Wall As Himself
 

S01E01 (Breaking Ground on Shaping Sound)

Air Date: 31 July 2012 

Summary: Travis Wall teams up with dance stars Teddy, Nick, & Kyle to create Shaping Sound.


S01E02 (Submission Impossible)

Air Date: 21 Aug 2012

Summary: Choreographer Travis Wall and his friends attempt to launch a contemporary dance company in Los Angeles in the premiere of this reality show.



S01E03 (Squash It!)

Air Date: 28 Aug 2012

Summary: Teddy breaks the bro code by flirting with Kyle's girlfriend; Taja threatens to quit the company; Travis faces his fear of dancing alone. 



S01E04 (Finding Nuvo)

Air Date: 4 Sept 2012

Summary: Travis and Kyle must perform on their own at a dance convention; Teddy tries to keep Taja from quitting the company.
 


S01E05 (WeΓÇÖre Going to the Saban!)

Air Date: 11 Sept 2012

Summary: The boys are forced to fundraise after they realize their budget for the premiere performance is wildly off base.