I hope that this will make  the monsters stop what they're doing for few minutes so he can dance happy

I was first introduced to Daniel Johnston's work through   album cover for "Hi, How are You?"  over   Kurt Cobain's tee-shirt.  I think that  I ┬┤m not  the only one who came upon his work in this way.
Daniel Johnston is a Texas man who was born in the 60's and always dreamed of becoming famous with his music, something that ultimately achievement.
It is difficult starting  to talk about him  without falling into the systematic repetition of his manic-depressive condition,  his frustration or his emptiness sentimental for an unattainable love. So,   if  don┬┤t know him , I recommend you start seeing The Devil and Daniel Johnston to learn about this unique singer songwriter's incredible life.  Some people, maybe will appreciate better his music  if understand his history and are familiar with his artwork  replete with symbols and references to his internal mythology, a conglomeration of cartoons, comic books, monsters and   brimstone religion.
Dan┬┤s music is like a child could do. A child with minimal training, playing with an instrument  rather than touch it. A hypersensitive child with too many things on his mind which discovers the best way to express it :  dropping  songs and great doodles from the basement of his parents, all  translated in words inspiring comes out of his guts over and over again. like if  he's compelled to do so and can't stop himself.  A man which writes love songs and bangs chords on the piano or guitar like there is no tomorrow.,
  might  like him  or not, might  start  heated debate on your mind over whether or not Daniel Johnston is a musical genius,  may scare off the music purists, but it appeals to others, who think the music quality is not measured by the technical level of interpretation but because it touch our soul,  who think a song is better delivered from the voice that wrote it, he is real, authentic, is one of the few artists who deserve the name.
Clearly, Johnston walks a lonely, troubled road through life.
I hope he finds happiness ...



ENJOY AND SHARE PLEASE

wearethelastbeatniks.com
