Please seed!

Hep Stars, Sveriges populäraste band på 60-talet.
Det här är en live inspelning från deras folkparksturné 1965. Observera att
inspelningen inte kan mäta sig, kvalitativt, med nutida live inspelningar.
Men den ger en bild av den energi med vilken Hep Stars framträdde samt ock-
så bandets popularitet. 
http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hep_Stars

The Hep Stars was a Swedish rock group, formed in 1963 in Stockholm. This
is a live recording from their summer tour -65. Note that the quality of
the recording don't match with contemporary live recordings. However it
gives you an idea of the energy with which the band performed and also
their popularity. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hep_Stars

Bandmedlemmar/Bandmembers

Lennart "Lelle" Hegland, bass
Christer Pettersson, drums
Janne Frisk, guitar and vocal
Benny Andersson, keyboard
Sven "Svenne"  Hedlund,lead vocal


The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage
Covers inc.
Original album 1965.
This CD 2012, no bonus tracks.

01  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Cadillac
02  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - What'd I Say
03  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Donna
04  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - What Do You Want To Make
                                         Those Eyes At Me For
05  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - So Mystifying
06  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Only You
07  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Wear My Ring Around Your Neck
08  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Surfin' Bird
09  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Talahassie Lassie
10  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - No Response
11  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - If You Need Me
12  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Farmer John
13  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Baldheaded Woman
14  The Hep Stars - Hep Stars On Stage - Whole Lot-ta Shakin' Goin' On
 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/hep-stars-on-stage-mw0000365369
This link shows an extended release with bonus tracks.