Description:
Paula (BREE ANTHONY) is a young prostitute whose luck turns sour one day while taking a stroll through a wood in the middle of the afternoon. She's interrupted by three Hunters who verbally harass her and, when she starts running away, one of them (Anthony Wong) pulls a Gun of Anesthesia (sic) on her and shoots her in the back.
She falls to the ground, they "skin" their prey and the first two hunters (JAMIE GILLIS, BOBBY ASTYR) rape her. They then leave her all alone.
Paula regains consciousness and -- as if she was in a rape and revenge movie -- she wanders into the comforting arms -- and body -- of the Leader of Vixens of Kung-Fu (C.J. LAING), who initiates her by giving her a massage and having lesbian sex with her.
Then Paula is introduced to the other two vixen kung-fu students (LINDA TRUSSELL, ROSANNE LANG), who have no use for men, and keep training and learning the ways of the Vixens. Paula finds time to relate how much she needs help, to pay back the pains she had to endure from past clients (in flashbacks): a Black Client (TURK TURPIN) with whom she didn't have sex, and a White Client (ROGER CAINE).
Then, a wandering kung-fu practitioner (Tony Richards) makes the mistake of wandering past the Vixens' training grounds. He's immediately attacked and beaten by the three kung fu students. Scorned by the Vixens, the man does what any male hero does in similar circumstances: he parts in search of a woman of knowledge who will help him "bone up" on his kung-fu skills.
He finds her in the kitchen of a Chinese restaurant. He kneels at the feet of Madame Blue (PEONIES JUNG), addresses her as the Kung Fu Master. She reluctantly takes him on as a student, takes him into the woods, where she instructs him in the deadly art of her particular style -- Golden Dragon Raising Head -- which primarily involves meditation and masturbation, until he becomes an invincible Yang.
Meanwhile, the Vixens' Leader and Paula are running up and down the beach together (in slow motion), so that she will have all the endurance a Yin needs for a long battle of the sexes.
After the two masters are satisfied that their respective students have had enough training, the final duel is arranged in another scenic wood background -- and Yang and Yin do come together in climactic nude combat!

Scene Breakdowns:
Scene 1. Bree Anthony, Bobby Astyr, Jamie Gillis
Scene 2. Bree Anthony, C.J. Laing
Scene 3. Bree Anthony, black guy
Scene 4. Bree Anthony, Roger Caine
Scene 5. C.J. Laing, Arlana Blue
Scene 6. Juliet Graham, Bree Anthony, Linda Trussell, Tony Richards
Scene 7. Tony Richards
Scene 8. Bree Anthony, Tony Richards

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=nqej65ghfcmchjqvzp1s.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=hmcdrdz7riezi92df9v8.jpg