Ultimate Desktop Virtualization Product for Windows 7

Run Windows 7 in a virtual machine with the industry’s first support for Windows Aero 3D graphics. Easy Install makes installing 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows 7 in a virtual machine even easier than on your physical PC. VMware Workstation 7 works with Flip 3D and Aero Peek to show live thumbnails of your virtual machines. Better than Windows XP Mode, you can run Windows XP with 3D graphics, faster performance, and tighter integration with Unity, shared folders and drag and drop convenience. VMware Workstation is optimized for maximum performance when running on 32-bit and 64-bit Windows 7 PCs.

Best 3D Graphics Just Got Better
VMware Workstation was the first to support 3D graphics in virtualized environments and is now the first to support Windows Aero in Windows Vista and Windows 7 virtual machines. Run even more 3D applications with support for DirectX 9.0c Shader Model 3 and OpenGL 2.13D graphics in Windows virtual machines.

Most Advanced Virtualization Platform
Create virtual machines with up to 4 virtual processors or 4 virtual cores and up to 32GB of memory per virtual machine. Driverless printing makes your PC printers automatically accessible to your Windows and Linux virtual machines—no configuration or drivers required. Smart card authentication enables you to dedicate a Smart Card reader to a virtual machines or share access.

Features Professionals Cannot Live Without
- Install and run VMware vSphere 4 and VMware ESXi in a virtual machine
- New IDE integrations for the SpringSource Tools Suite and Eclipse IDE for C/C++
- Replay debugging is now easier and faster
- Remote Replay Debugging makes it easier to share virtual machine recordings for analysis

More Refined Than Ever
Protect from Prying Eyes
Protect your virtual machines from prying eyes with 256-bit AES encryption.

Printing that Just Works
Driver-less printing makes your PC printers automatically accessible to your Windows and Linux VMs—no configuration or drivers required. Your PC’s default printer even shows up as the default, too.

Go Back in Time
Buggy applications, hardware failures, viruses and other malware do not give you fair warning to take a manual snapshot. AutoProtect luckily automatically takes snapshots at set intervals, protecting you from unexpected bumps in the road, making it’s easy to go back in time to when things were good.

Free Up System Resources
Pause a virtual machine to free up CPU resources for use by other running virtual machines or demanding applications.

Home Page www.vmware.com