 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.xlabz.GroovyNotes&hl=en

Groovy Notes is your personal diary for text and voice notes on your tablet!
Groovy Notes is a valuable tool for recording minutes of the meeting, managing notes, lists, audio recordings, plans, messages, agendas and other details on the go. It is your ticket to getting your life, be it personal, work or social, better organized.
Groovy Notes leverages the ease of use of a diary by employing the capabilities of your device such as the ability to record voice notes and touch gestures to navigate between views.

It is realistic!
Groovy Notes has a familiar, real world diary like interface. The pages look natural enough to make you want to turn them over. Be it notes, memos, anniversaries, lists, to-dos or even your personal journal - everything can be easily managed with Groovy Notes. All the notes are well organized by categories, tags and date. WhatΓÇÖs more, the categories can be customized with attractive colors and icons to make them funkier, fun and easier to manage and notice!

Searching has never been so easy!
Searching for that crucial note, in the nick of time, is as easy as tapping a button on Groovy Notes. Use the calendar to find the notes by dates, pick a category, tag or just type in a keyword and search! Even the search results are color coded, based on category.

Because voice has a ring to it!
DonΓÇÖt feel like tapping on your keypad? Just record your thoughts in your own voice (or an entire conversation or meeting). With a single tap you can record your voice memos and convert your regular notes into voice notes. WhatΓÇÖs more, you can continue taking notes from the same meeting that you are recording! Both functions working simultaneously, now that is an added advantage. Organize the voice notes just as you would other notes with tags, category, date and text but yet feel, or should we say hear the difference.

Never lose your data!
GroovyNotes comes with features to export, backup and synchronize your notes with DropBox. You can export your notes as PDF, plain text and MP3, backup your data to your DropBox account and restore it back in case of a device failure or wipeout. You can even synchronize your exported notes and recordings with DropBox!
With regular use of backup and synchronize features your data is always safe and accessible from anywhere!

Enhance your world!
With Groovy Notes maintaining a diary has taken on a new meaning. A diary that is portable (without the additional bulk), intelligent, organized, versatile and talks to you! With a sleek and stylish design Groovy Notes is a fashion statement.
Easy to manage, fun to use and a huge time-saver, Groovy Notes can be your friend.
So what are you waiting for? Get, set and groove!
Pssst... You also save paper! Go Green! Go Groovy Notes!!
GroovyNotes v1.2.1:
New Features & Enhancements:
- Support for both portrait and landscape orientations
- Password protection
- Switch between Read-Only / Edit mode to avoid soft-keyboard from popping up
- Support for longer recordings
- Improved handling of calendar. Tap a date to view notes from that date alone
GROOVYNOTES IS OPTIMIZED TO WORK ON TABLETS THAT SUPPORT ADOBE AIR RUNTIME AND MINIMUM SCREEN RESOLUTION OF 1024x600.