Sexy little Chastity Lynn is bound, brutally skull fucked. Hogtied, made to cum hard and often. | Chastity Lynn | Matt Williams

December 5, 2012 
 

MP4 only. 
    
 
Welcome Chastity Lynn to Sexually Broken. This tiny, little, sexy blond is as cute as a kitten. She looks so little and innocent, but she has a nasty sexual side that can not be sated. 

We make Chastity handcuff herself. Hard steel is one of the best ways to demoralize a cute little thing, now she knows there is no escape. Chastity understands she is completely helpless. A wooden tongue trap bites into her tongue, she instantly begins to drool down her body. We make her strip for us. Her cute white cotton panties look amazing on her tiny perfect ass. We make her bend over and tease us with that ass. We pull her panties up her wet pussy crack, she moans. 

The foreplay is over, we pull out the hard cock and slowly push it all the way down Chastity's tight little throat. The tongue trap prevents her from blocking the cock with her tongue, allowing us to slide the cock as deep as we want, all the way into her throat, no air for her lungs, we control when she breathes with cock.

We throat fuck the defiance right out of our sexy little bitch. Within seconds she understands that we control her breathing and she braces herself for the skull fucking of her life. We punish her throat, the handcuffs keep reminding her how helpless she is, deep throat drool coats her body. She is a mess, she is a dazed, dizzy mess, but the cock fucks her mouth and it is relentless. 

We drag her up off her knees, bend her over and jam the hard wet cock balls deep into her wet shaved pussy, She cums fast and hard, as they all do. Something about lack off air, bondage, being used, it over whelms their senses and they cum, it's science at this point. Tried, tested and true.

We brutally fuck her pussy, she cums, we knock her to the ground, and fuck her throat just as hard. She flashes, we pick her up, fuck her, rinse and repeat. Chastity is almost mindless, just surviving and cumming, that is all she knows. We look into her eyes and see nothing, she is ready for tight bondage.

We place her on the table and hogtie our sexy new toy. We pull the bondage up into a Category 4 position. She struggles, it is painful, her body is stuck into a pose that is unnatural, created for our pleasure, and she cannot move. We control everything. We pull out a vibrator and make Chastity cum from behind. She moans, screams, drools, cums. One person holds a vibrator on her clit, another rams a cock down her throat. She cums harder when cock is jammed deep down her throat, it is a beautiful thing to see. When a girl can't breathe and she feels the darkness closing in around her. The body still cums, she is completely destroyed, we tighten the bondage. She is sexually wrecked, you can see it in her face, we leave her to suffer in bondage until our return... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_05chastity/SexuallyBroken-Chastity-Lynn-Matt-Williams-Sexy-little-Chastity-Lynn-is-bound-brutally-skull-fucked-Hogtied-made-to-cum-hard-and-often.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

