Description
--------------

Food Inc

Food, Inc. is a 2008 American documentary film directed by Emmy Award-winning filmmaker Robert Kenner.[2] The film examines corporate farming in the United States, concluding that agribusiness produces food that is unhealthy, in a way that is environmentally harmful and abusive of both animals and employees. The film is narrated by Michael Pollan and Eric Schlosser.



Simply Raw
 
Reversing Diabetes in 30 Days is an independent documentary film that chronicles six Americans with diabetes who switch to a diet consisting entirely of vegan, organic, uncooked food in order to reverse disease without pharmaceutical medication.

The six are challenged to give up meat, dairy, sugar, alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, soda, junk food, fast food, processed food, packaged food, and even cooked food for 30 days. The film follows each participantΓΓé¼Γäós remarkable journey and captures the medical, physical, and emotional transformations brought on by this radical diet and lifestyle change. We witness moments of struggle, support, and hope as what is revealed, with startling clarity, is that diet can reverse disease and change lives.

The film highlights each of the six before they begin the program and we first meet them in their home environment with their families. Each participant speaks candidly about their struggle to manage their diabetes and how it has affected every aspect of their life, from work to home to their relationships.



The Tank Man

Standing in front of a column of tanks, no one around him, he was all alone with his shopping bags in his hands. He climbed on top of the tank, banged on the lid and said get out of my city, youΓΓé¼Γäóre not wanted here. Tank Man, or the Unknown Rebel, is the nickname of an anonymous man who became internationally famous when he was videotaped and photographed during the Tienanmen Square protests on 5 June 1989.
Several photographs were taken of the man, who stood in front of a column of Chinese Type 59 tanks, preventing their advance. The most widely reproduced version of the photograph was taken by Jeff Widener (Associated Press), from the sixth floor of the Beijing Hotel, about half a mile (800 m) away, through a 400 mm lens. Another version was taken by photographer Stuart Franklin of Magnum Photos. His photograph has a wider field of view than WidenerΓΓé¼Γäós picture, showing more tanks in front of the man.


The Yes Men - Fix The World

The Yes Men Fix the World (2009) is a documentary film about the culture jamming exploits of The Yes Men. The film premiered in New York City and Los Angeles on October 23, 2009 and in other U.S. cities beginning on October 30. Due to the movie being sued by United States Chamber of Commerce, a special edition of the movie is being distributed through bittorrent through VODO and other prominent torrent sites like The Pirate Bay and EZTV.




Note From POTP!
--------------


Well here we go again today POTP brings you a collection of favourite and the best documentaries in my opinion. This documentaries are not to be watched if not open minded about what you are watching this is only for learning purposes, and to open your eyes about everything around you. So please if you ENJOY this Documentaries spread it around let it be known to others because it's time we make a CHANGE.

There are more collections waiting to be realesed, this is only the first one. Do note that this videos were downloaded from all over the net by POTP which means it was uploaded by other people so many special thanks to the uploaders. The POTP only brings you what they regard as good and must see documetaries. So please download this Documentaries And ENJOY!!! But please do not watch the documentaries if you can't handle the thruth or the pressure so please be open minded because thats when you'll see the thruth. And we also suggest you read in to the parts in the documentaries you do not belive in etc. So that you may find the thruth.

-------------

Well enjoy and please PLEASE, OHHHHHH PLEASE SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED, WHEN YOU GET THE DAMN TORRENT!!!

Greetings
PowerOfThePoor -POTP	