Developers : RailSimulator.com | Type of distribution : Add-Ons | Language : English | Year : 2012 | Compatibility : TS2012 7.1a or higher, TS2013 | Genre: Simulation | Release Date: 7 Jun 2012

About the Game
The Northeast Corridor is the United States premier passenger railroad line, linking Boston to Washington DC and moving thousands of passengers daily through this extremely busy part of the country. It ia also North AmericaΓÇÖs only high-speed line operating at speeds up to 150mph. Now available for RailWorks 2, the Northeast Corridor Expansion Pack puts you in the cab of the classic EMD AEM-7 locomotive along the 90-mile core section between Philadelphia and New York City.

The railroad known today as the Northeast Corridor was in place from the early years of the 20th Century, with electric services between New York City and New Brunswick beginning in 1932, and with electrification as far as Trenton by 1933. The line was operated by New York Central and the Pennsylvanian Railroad (merging to form Penn Central Transportation) for many years until Amtrak took over intercity services in the early 1970s. In the late 1990s the Northeast High Speed Rail Improvement Program (NHRIP) was implemented in preparation for the high speed Acela Express service. The EMD AEM-7 electric locomotives, as featured in this expansion pack, were produced by the Electro-Motive Division of General Motors between 1978 and 1988, and the AEM-7 soon became a familiar sight as the workhorse of the Northeast Corridor.

The Northeast Corridor Expansion Pack is a faithful recreation of this bustling high-speed line, with fabulous skylines, miles of railroad to explore and hours of challenging driving for you to enjoy!

Key Features
90-mile route from Philadelphia 30th Street Station to New York Pennsylvania Station, with realistic signalling and track work, stations, cities and scenery.
AEM-7 in Amtrak livery, with accurately recreated cab and controls including functioning in-cab signalling system.
Amfleet steel-bodied passenger coaches in Amtrak livery, including Coach and Cafe variants.
Amtrak is a registered service mark of the National Railroad Passenger Corporation. All rights reserved. Used with Permission.
8 Scenarios:

Free Roam Scenarios
Go Newark
New Jersey Trenton
Spirit or Transportation
The Big Apple
Early Clocker - Philadelphia to New York with multiple intermediate stops.
Evening Clocker - New York to Philadelphia with multiple intermediate stops.
Lucky Northeast Regional - Friday night direct service along the mainline. Its a Friday, and its the 13th. How does your luck run?
The Keystone - Run AmtrakΓÇÖs express service between New York and Philadelphia, with only one call en-route at Newark.

How to Install:
Train Simulator 2012
Set the selected files. Rwp via Package Manager.

Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"

Visit Us At:  
http://www.railgamer.co.uk

Like Us On Facebook:
/pages/Rail-Gamer/162135607258125

More Torrents over at:  
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/