Invade your neighbours, spread mayhem and destruction, drink a little tea!

★ Officially one of the BEST strategy games ever made! 
http://bestappever.com/awards/2011/winner/stgm

GLWG is the hit 3D turn-based strategy game that everyone's talking about. With a unique comical style and plenty of laughs and excitement, you'll keep coming back again and again for "just one more go."


Core Features:
❋ Campaign mode
❋ Multiplayer mode
❋ Skirmish mode
❋ openFeint achievements
❋ Four difficulty settings
❋ Lush visuals
❋ Full 3D terrain affects gameplay
❋ Simple control method
❋ Lots of units
❋ Lots of terrain types
❋ High replayability
❋ Tons of humour
❋ Absolutely no birds or zombies

Take command of your army and battle the foe on land, sea and air but be sure to make wise decisions as you go. You want to deploy your soldiers to take full advantage of the higher terrain, natural choke points, ambush spots and defensive walls. Get it right and the bad guys will lose to your superior strategy skills.

See what other critics are saying:

❋ TapScape review: 10/10
"Great Little War Game is just that: a well-designed and enjoyable tactical war game perfect for those who enjoy the lighter side of virtual warfare."


❋ Touch Arcade review: 5/5
"I'll call Great Little War Game "great" without hesitation" ... "the kind of game you can really sink your teeth into, which is rare enough. So I'm delighted to discover that it's also rich in features, good looking and full of humor."

❋ Top10.com: First place (march)
"The lavish production values of the game, incredible attention to detail and excellent animation gives you a sense of aerial, naval and land warfare that gets as good as you can expect on a small screen"


Varied missions are the order of the day here - capture the enemy HQ, escort the Generalissimo to safety, guide small squads behind enemy lines, defend your base...you get the picture. There are 30 missions included, so it's going to be one crazy ride if you decide you’re brave enough to give them a try.

What are you waiting for? Right now, as you sit reading this, there is a battalion of soldiers just waiting for your command. Download Great Little War Game now and take your place alongside your troops. Lead well, live long and have fun.