The Cleveland 20's & 30's Meetup Group Greatest Hits II: Do Something Crazy! is a custom music compilation release from Tootie. It is Tootie's official sequel to his preceding Cleveland 20's & 30's Meetup Greatest Hits (...or not) compilation release. The compilation mostly features songs well-known to the Cleveland 20's & 30's Meetup Group, songs heard during meetups of the group that occurred before production started, as well as the theme for the then-upcoming Adult Prom Night.

Tootie first announced the compilation on November 27, 2010 in the Cleveland 20's & 30's Meetup Group message board, and at that time opened the song listing to suggestions. On January 22, 2011, Tootie announced that a first draft of the compilation had been completed and that it would be utilized at that night's A.P. Night of Ascendance event. A large portion of the first draft was played at the event. The first draft was also played during the First Ever 20's & 30's Beach Games & Beach Blast Party!!! on June 4, 2011. Playback was interrupted during "We're Not Going to Take It" when Tootie's battery unit shut down. On July 2, 2011, Tootie posted the final song listing for the compilation and announced that he was "looking to finalize the 100 minute version this week!" Production of the original compilation was considered completed around mid-July of 2011. Afterwards, a shortened version of the compilation, intended for audio CDs, was produced and considered completed at an unknown time shortly thereafter. On March 15, 2012, Tootie put up a poll on Facebook: "What would you rather see from me this weekend?" and "The release of the Cleveland 20's & 30's Group Greatest Hits II" was the winning selection. Both versions of the compilation were then finally released on March 25, 2012 after a quick change of the source of one of the tracks to one remastered by Tootie.

The compilation is completely sourced from lossless material. All of the compilations' songs utilize playback gain values from Tootie's personal volume-leveling procedure, resulting in a consistent overall listening experience without the need to adjust the volume between songs.


    The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling
    Daft Punk - Around the World (Tootie Edit)
    009 Sound System - Dreamscape
    Darude - Sandstorm
    Far East Movement - Like a G6
    The Lonely Island - Jizz in My Pants
    Lady Gaga - Monster (Tootie Uncensored Remaster)
    The Big Tymers - Get Your Roll On
    Prince - Let's Go Crazy
    Buckcherry - Crazy Bitch
    Green Jellÿ - Three Little Pigs
    Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit
    Aerosmith - Love in an Elevator
    Twisted Sister - We're Not Gonna Take It
    Republica - Ready to Go
    AC/DC - Thunderstruck
    Journey - Don't Stop Believin'
    Bryan Adams - I Do It For You (Tootie Radio Edit)
    Incubus - Drive

Details:
Format: FLAC
Length: 1 hour, 20 minutes, 28 seconds
Average bitrate: 932 kbps
Embedded CUE Sheet

Playback verified with foobar2000.


Notes:
This version was produced to be burned to overburned 80-minute audio CDs.
The use of the tracks in the compilation independently is not recommended as most tracks are intermixed in some way.