Catastroika documentary

The creators of Debtocracy www.debtocracy.gr, a documentary with two million views broadcasted from Japan to Latin America, analyze the shifting of state assets to private hands.

They travel round the world gathering data on privatization in developed countries and search for clues on the day after Greece's massive privatization program.

Catastroika is a crowdfunded documentary under creative commons license.

www.catastroika.com


Release.Date: 26.04.2012
Video: XVID AVI H264
Frame.Rate: 25
Resolution: 1920x1080
Audio: Stereo 160Kbps
Language: Greek, English, French, German, Spanish
Subtitles: Greek
Length: 1h 28m
Size: 1.58MB


CATASTROIKA WITH ENGLISH SUBTITLES: http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7222379



Synopsis
----------------

On April 26, 2012 at 20:00 letΓÇÖs turn off the TV and turn to an alternative source of information. The creators of Debtocracy, a documentary viewed by millions of people around the world, present their new production, entitled CATASTROIKA, on the website www.catastroika.com. 

The documentary uncovers the forthcoming results of the current sell-off of the Greek public assets, demanded in order to face the countryΓÇÖs enormous sovereign debt. Turning to the examples of London, Paris, Berlin, Moscow and Rome, CATASTROIKA predicts what will happen, if the model imposed in these areas is imported in a country under international financial tutelage.

Slavoj Zizek, Naomi Klein, Luis Sepulveda, Ken Loach and Greg Palast talk about the austerity measures, the Greek government as well as the attack against Democracy on Europe, after the general spreading of the financial crisis. Academics and specialists like Dani Rodrik, Alex Callinicos, Ben Fine, Costas Douzinas, Dean Baker and Aditya Chakrabortty present unknown aspects of the privatization programs in Greece and abroad. 

Just like Debtocracy, CATASTROIKA is co-produced by the public, which contributed both financially and with ideas to its creation. The documentary will be available free of charge, under creative commons license. High-resolution files will be available for TV and cinema broadcasts in various languages. 

The journalists Aris Chatzistefanou and Katerina Kitidi are responsible for writing and directing the documentary, while Leonidas Vatikiotis undertook its scientific editing. Active Member and Ermis Georgiadis created the soundtrack of CATASTROIKA, while the editing was made by Aris Triantafyllou. Infowar Productions and Thanos Tsantas are responsible for producing the film. 

