
Hello. My name is Parker Shawn Gohs (A.k.a Shawn Parker). I am 19 years old and I have been
a truth seeker since I was 13. My main focus has been on health, philosophy, and politics, but I have
studied many other subjects over the years as well.

I have placed all of my knowledge into a series of three books, in addition to an untitled
collection of photo-copied notes. I have uploaded everything to the internet so people can download all
of my works for free.

I have declared abandonment (legal term meaning to release without any intention of reclaiming) and given up all copyrights for all of my writings so anybody and everybody has a right to do whatever they want with them, regardless of if they do it for profit or non-profit
purposes (treat my books and writings as your own). The only thing I am asking is for people to please download my works from any of the links
below and upload them to other websites so that they will never be successfully censored or restricted
by any government or organization. The titles of my 3 books are: 1) Change Up the System; 2)
Collections: Volume 1; and, 3) The Truth Revolution & Conspiracy in Theory. All of my writings
(including notes) can be found in a folder called ΓÇ£The Shawn Parker Collection.ΓÇ¥

These books contain everything I have learned over the last 5 years. I am offering them all for
free because I sincerely believe the information within these books to be infinitely more valuable than
any amount of money. Since becoming a truth seeker, I have been waiting for someone to write a book
of all the problems facing humanity and how to solve them. After realizing that nobody else would
write the book I was looking for, I decided to write it myself. People can now learn in 5 days what took
me 5 years to learn. Please spread these books because I know they have the power to spread and
accelerate a global, peaceful, revolution.

As for myself, I have basically given away all of my belongings except for what I can fit in a
single backpack and $2,500 worth of illusionary money which I have placed in Chase Bank, so I can
live life as a homeless drifter until I find enlightenment. I may die at 19, or I may live a bit longer, but I
honestly believe that my books are more valuable than my body. Please help keep my books alive; this
is the only thing I ask of you.

I have faith that I am doing the right thing. Faith is more than just thoughts or words. Faith is
believing in something enough to take action.

ΓÇ£Blessed are the peace makersΓÇ¥

Download Links:




