Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011: Dashboards Cookbook By Mark AuCoin

P P 2012 | 266 Pages | ISBN: 1849684405 | EPUB + PDF + Code | 5 MB + 16 MB + 0.1 MB

• Over 60 simple but incredibly effective recipes for creating, customizing and interacting with rich dashboards and charts to make the most of your Microsoft Dynamics CRM data with this book and eBook. • Take advantage of all of the latest Dynamics CRM dashboard features for visualizing your most important data at a glance.
• Understand how iFrames, chart customizations, advanced WebResources and more can improve your dashboards in Dynamics CRM by using this book and eBook. • A highly practical cookbook bursting with a range of exciting task-based recipes for mastering Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 Dashboards. In Detail Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 offers you access to exciting new interactive and flexible Dashboards that contain any combination of Charts, Lists, iFrames and Silverlight components. These can be used to easily visualize your CRM data and provide you with a light BI interface, all of which this practical cookbook will enable you to utilize. At first glance, Dashboards and their myriad information can be overwhelming to users that are new to the Dynamics CRM 2011 interface. This book guides you through navigating and interacting with Dashboards in a simple and easy to follow manner, and builds on that experience to walk you through creating and sharing your own User Dashboards. "Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011: Dashboards Cookbook" offers a range of practical recipes for mastering dashboard navigation, interaction, and building custom Dashboards in Dynamics CRM. You will immediately get to grips with essential tasks like changing Dashboard settings and sharing Dashboards with other members in the CRM team, as well as adding custom components like iFrames and Lists. Along the way you will also follow the creation of a simple HTML WebResouce that can be added to your Dashboard. By the end of "Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011: Dashboards Cookbook", you will be fully equipped to take advantage of the exciting new Dashboards features of Dynamics CRM 2011. What you will learn from this book • Quickly get up and running with navigation and basic interaction with Dashboards in the Dynamics CRM 2011 interface • Drill down and focus on slices of data that are represented in Dashboard Charts • Learn to filter and sort data records when viewed in combination with a Chart component • Master both the creation of a new User Dashboard and personalizing the layouts of an existing Dashboard • Take advantage of sharing and assigning User Dashboards to other CRM users and teams • Manipulate your User Dashboard by editing Chart and List components • Tackle working with iFrames, WebResources, XML and SSRS from a Dashboard • Extend the data on your dashboard with advanced Chart XML Approach "Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011: Dashboards Cookbook" is packed with practical step-by-step recipes covering tasks which utilize all of the new dashboard features of Dynamics CRM 2011. Who this book is written for If you are a developer who is excited about creating, customizing, and designing Dashboards in Dynamics CRM 2011, this book is for you. You should be comfortable with general Dynamics CRM functionality for this or a previous release. This book may also be valuable to End Users and Power Users interested in the new Dashboard features of this release. 