I plan to commercially release four more pieces from my Robert Anton Wilson archives later this year, so in preparation for that, I have put the last four I released into the public domain. After a sufficient time, I will do the same for the four I will be releasing in 2013, and so on, until I have exhausted my archives and they are all in the public domain.

Everything except “The I in the Triangle” video is hosted on Archive.org (links below each title). Unfortunately, Archive.org can’t seem to facilitate a decent sized MP4 of that video, so I have included it in a all inclusive torrent pack

Included in this batch is:

TAZ: Temporary Autonomous Zone [Remastered audio]
A night of ontological anarchy and poetic terrorism captured live at the Komotion International in San Francisco in February 1993. Introduced by Joseph Matheny and featuring Rob Breszny, the elusive Hakim Bey reading from his unpublished manuscripts, Nick Herbert performing his Quantum Tantric poetry, and Robert Anton Wilson rounding out the evening with his RAW witticisms.

    Info page:
    Archive.org link: http://archive.org/details/TazTemporaryAutonomousZoneremastered

Robert Anton Wilson Remembered [Unabridged] [Audible Audio Edition]
by Douglas Rushkoff (Author, Narrator), Antero Ali (Author, Narrator), Tiffany Brown (Author, Narrator), David Brown (Author), Zac Odin (Author), Joseph Matheny (Author, Narrator), Alan Meridian (Narrator)

    Info page:
    Archive.org link: http://archive.org/details/RobertAntonWilsonRemembered

Robert Anton Wilson: The “I” in the Triangle [VIDEO MP4]
Robert Anton Wilson introduces this lecture as a discussion of “The Western Hermetic Tradition”…and it is, but from Bob’s unique point of view. Its sweeping scope covers centuries of individuals and groups from the Illuminati of Bavaria and the Freemasons to the Priory of Scion and the Bilderbergers. Carl Jung, Philip K. Dick, Rajneesh, Jean Cocteau, Aleister Crowley, the Gnomes of Zurich, Harvey’s 6-foot white rabbit and many more all play a part. Along the way there are the strange connections among Nostradamus and the earthquakes in Los Angeles, the Merovingians and extraterrestrials from Sirius, Rastafarians and the Cult of the Black Virgin, Atlantis and Satan, the Vatican Bank and the Mafia and much, much more. Educational? Definitely. Informative? Absolutely! Truly a rollercoaster ride that will leave your head spinning and your sides splitting!

    Info Page:
    Torrent: http://concen.org/tracker/download.php?id=31666&name=raw-pack.torrent

Robert Anton Wilson: The Lost Studio Session [Audio]
First recorded in Chicago in 1994, this previously unreleased audio session with the renowned Robert Anton Wilson has been stored away for fifteen years…and almost lost entirely. If Bob knew how many synchronicities surround the rediscovery and release of this “lost” studio session, he would be chuckling in that half jolly, half mischievous way of his. If you believe in any kind of afterlife, maybe you can imagine him laughing right now. I like that image: Bob the laughing Buddha, still having one over on us from the great beyond. -Joseph Matheny (from the liner notes)

    Info page:
    Archive.org link: http://archive.org/details/RobertAntonWilsonTheLostStudioSession

Also included in the torrent, some bonus ebooks.