                                  By bobiras2009			



There are numerous keyboard replacements in the Android Market that aim at giving you the perfect typing experience, but a lot of them forget that only you know your perfect experience—that’s what perfect keyboard strives to achieve.

Perfect keyboard offers you countless customizable settings for the look, feel, touch response, word suggestions, and just about everything you might need changed for your Perfect keyboard. If you like to have your phone’s keyboard vibrate when you type something, we have a setting for that. If you’d rather have a picture of your beautiful family as your keyboard’s background rather than a boring plain background, we have a setting for that. Give Perfect Keyboard a try, and after a few tweaks we are certain you’ll have your very own Perfect Keyboard. 

Note: Perfect Keyboard works only on Android 2.2 and up

Detailed Specifications:

    Multitouch keyboard
    User dictionary, built-in dictionary, International dictionaries (separate downloads from the Market)
    Configurable auto correction
    Redesigned and optimized keyboard layout and style
    8 Keyboard themes ( gingerbread,iPhone keyboard,honeycomb,icecreamsandwich and more).
    Configurable colors for the keyboard buttons, background and text
    Configurable color for the word suggestion font 
    Speech to text (select languages only)
    Next word prediction
    Custom vibration intensity (haptic feedback)
    Long press "Enter" key to bring up smiley alternatives
    Long press on "/" key in URL mode to bring up domains (you can configure the domains in the settings to better fit)
    Configurable sound style and volume ( Samsung,iPhone,android)
    Cursor Keys - swipe up on the space key to display.
    T9/compact layout.
    Gestures.
    Shortcuts (auto-text like in blackberry)
    External skins (some of better keyboard skins)
    Alt symbols on the keyboard.
    Split layout for tablets. 
    configure the layout of the keyboard (key height,row gap etc)

Supported languages layout: English(QWERTY,Dvorak,AZERTY), French (ASERTY,QWERTY,QWERTZ), Hebrew, Arabic, German, Czech(QWERTY,QWERTZ), Bulgarian, Catalan, Spanish, Esperanto, Danish, Italian, Finnish, Georgian, Russian, Ukrainian, Latvian, Swedish,Latin, Dutch, Portuguese, Slovakian, Slovenian, Greek, Rumanian, Serbian, Hungarian,Swiss,Polish.

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 26, 2012)

    Bug Fixes.
    Fix Backspace issue in Samsung stock email app.
    New gesture to toggle caps lock on.
    Better external skins support.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


                                  By bobiras2009			