This book has a long, convoluted publication history, an understanding of which does actually help supply a better idea of what you're reading. You can check it out (the publication history, that is), along with a lot of other great 'Starstruck' info at the wiki page...
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starstruck_%28comics%29

Also, there is an official 'Starstruck' webpage with a great 'Glossary' section and other info about the series past and future. Just do a search for 'Starstruck', it should be right near the top of the results.

I'm going to upload Elaine Lee's 'Skin Tight Orbit' separately, because although the first issue contains a story that 'exists somewhere in the Starstruck universe', and another couple stories that may or may not be related to 'Starstruck', the rest of the stories in both issues do not. 

Lastly, this torrent is replacing the previously uploaded Marvel GN torrent as it is also contained within this upload.


'Starstruck' 
Marvel Comics, 1984, 82 pages
Plot by Elaine Lee & Michael Kaluta
Written by Elaine Lee
Illustrated by Michael Kaluta

Issues 1-6 of 'Starstruck'
Epic/Marvel Comics, 1985-1986
Written by Elaine Lee
Illustrated by Michael Kaluta
Additional colors by Steve Oliff

Issues 1-13 of 'Starstruck'
IDW Publishing, 2009-2010
Written by Elaine Lee
Pencils and Inks by Michael Kaluta
Inks by Charles Vess
Colors by Lee Moyer

Bonus material...
Amazing Heroes 57, 12 pages (Starstruck cover and article only)
Marvel Age 26, 5 pages (Starstruck cover and article only)
Galactic Girl Guide, 22 pages (from Rocketeer Adventure Magazine) (I extracted the Starstruck story and art pages, created a quick cover and put them back together as a single comic.)


Centuries in the future, Earth's population has been halved by a nuclear war. Humanity has emigrated out into the universe, colonizing worlds and interacting with aliens. Various regimes have held power, most recently, The Great Dictator. After his overthrow by revolutionaries, a power struggle rages on between his heirs -the Bajars- and the revolutionary leaders -the Medeas. Mary Medea fakes her death and begins an elaborate plan to eventually take control and stabilize the anarchic era. Disguised as a new player, Queen Glorianna, she orchestrates a web of interconnections to achieve what will one day be called The Great Change. The story follows the various pawns and rivals in the game, in evolving stages of their lives and of the scheme, as they all eventually meet and collide. In particular the story focuses on the backstories of Galatia 9, a freedom-fighter amazon, and Brucilla The Muscle, a good-natured hothead pilot; where they came from, how they meet, and what happens because of it.

Kaluta explained, "As the books progress, the reader gets a slow reveal of the greater energies and alliances by the way they impact the lives of the happy-go-lucky space girls and boys eking out their bits of the big ball of wax."		