English Vinglish 2012 Hindi XviD.
Shashi (Sridevi) is a middle-aged Maharashtrian housewife who earns some money by making and selling sweet snacks (laddu). She is a dedicated homemaker who is taken for granted by her family. She is ridiculed for her poor English by her husband Satish (Adil Hussain) and teenage daughter. Shashi is the object of potshots by Satish, who has little respect for her real talent and Sapna, her 7th grade daughter who is ashamed to even introduce her mother to her school folks and teachers because her English is weak. However, her young son Sagar loves her as she is.
Shashi's sister, who lives in New York, invites Shashi's family to come to her daughter's wedding. It is decided that Shashi will go to New York alone to help her sister set up everything for the marriage. Her husband and kids will join her later when the wedding closes in. While Shashi is in New York helping at her niece's wedding, she secretly enrolls herself into a conversational English class that promises to teach the language in four weeks. The class comprises a Mexican nanny, a Pakistani cab driver, a Chinese hairstylist, a Tamil software engineer, a quiet angry African kid, and a soft-spoken French chef named Laurent (Mehdi Nebbou). Shashi quickly emerges as amongst the most promising and committed students in her class. In midst of all this, she also finds Laurent getting attracted to her because of her striking beauty.
Meanwhile, Shashi's niece Radha (Priya Anand) finds out about her secret English classes and supports and helps her in her literary pursuit. Shashi starts watching English films at night and doing her homework religiously - all to polish her English reading and writing skills and more importantly to earn respect that she duly deserves from her family. To complete the English speaking course each of the student must take a final test, as announced by her teacher David Fischer. The test is a 5 minute speech that each student should prepare and deliver which will be judged by the tutor who will then issue the certificate. Shashi's family joins her in New York earlier than expected, as a surprise. This makes it difficult for Shashi to attend the classes and prepare for her final test. The test date coincides with the wedding date so she misses the test.
Shashi's niece invites her English teacher and all her friends at the English speaking class to the wedding. At the wedding, Shashi gives the speech (in English), more of a toast to the couple at the wedding and stuns everyone. The English tutor, who is present amongst the guests, declares that she has passed the test with distinction and issues her the certificate. Shashi's husband and daughter finally realize their mistake of mocking her lack of proficiency in English and taking her for granted. Shashi thanks Laurent for "making her feel better about herself". The movie ends with the Shashi's family returning to India. On the flight Shashi requests (in fluent English) if the stewardess has any Hindi newspapers.
"ENJOY"