S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Crusader Kings II (c) Paradox Interactive

10-02-2012........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
Strategy.............Game Type - Disk(s)...................1 CD

RELEASE NOTES

The Dark Ages might be drawing to a close, but Europe is still in
turmoil. Petty lords vie against beleaguered kings who struggle to
assert control over their fragmented realms. The Pope calls for a
Crusade to protect the Christians in the Holy Land even as he refuses
to relinquish control over the investiture of bishops - and their
riches. Now is the time for greatness. Expand your demesne and secure
the future of your dynasty. Fill your coffers, appoint vassals, root
out traitors and heretics, introduce laws and interact with hundreds
of nobles, each with their own agenda.

A good lord will always need friends to support him. But beware, as
loyal vassals can quickly turn to bitter rivals, and some might not be
as reliable as they seem. Stand ready, and increase your prestige
until the world whispers your name in awe. Do you have what it takes
to become a Crusader King?

Crusader Kings II explores one of the defining periods in world history
in an experience crafted by the masters of Grand Strategy. Medieval
Europe is brought to life in this epic game of knights, schemes, and
thrones.

Features:

Start a game at any point between 1066 and 1337 and play until 1453

Pick a Christian lord and make sure his dynasty survives as you play a
succession of his descendants through the ages

Gain Prestige for every successive character you play, furthering the
glory of your Dynasty

Expand your feudal domain - and keep it from falling apart

Unravel the plots of your courtiers and vassals, each with their own
opinions and agendas

Take up the Cross and fight the Moor, the Heathen and the Heretic.

Defend against the onslaught of the Mongol Horde

Struggle with the Pope for control of the bishops

Relive the Middle Ages with up to 32 other players in a competitive
multiplayer mode

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy