EPub Reader is the best alternative for paperback books


The convenience of electronic books was instantly appreciated as soon as they appeared in the multimedia market, and it didn't take them long to gain boosting popularity among the Internet users. This phenomenon is quite understandable – eBooks (which is short for electronic books) are compact and handy, you may easily read them on your computer screen or take them anywhere with you once they are transferred to any multimedia device that supports them.

Since everything is digital in our contemporary world, eBooks are accessible to anyone and any kind of literature is available in the electronic format. Whatever you need – a classical novel, the last century's best poetry collection, a detective story that has been only recently released, a textbook for language studies or a tutorial on playing a musical instrument, it won't take you long to find it in the Internet.

Most of the electronic books are stored as files of ePub format that stands for electronic publications and is well known to everyone familiar with the International Digital Publishing Forum which it is the open standard for. It supports both fixed-layout files and reflowable text, the latter meaning that you can optimize the view according to your own preferences. Both inline and outline XML and metadata are supported by ePub as well for even more effectiveness and flexibility.

However, special software is needed to open and view such files on your computer, so no keen book lover will do without a handy ePub Reader. It is an add-on for your browser that will let you read the files as soon as they are downloaded with no need to exit the browser window. Moreover, catalogues are supported and you are granted instant access to catalogue repositories based on the web and a smart search for them.

Two modes are available for reading – either one page or two page is available so that you can easily move along the document, browse the table of contents and quickly find the necessary page. So will you still prefer casual paperback books or finally introduce ePub Reader to your media library?

It will help you organize it in the most effective way while it won't take you long to figure out how to handle it – Free ePub Reader's interface is very user-friendly and all intuitive. What is even better, you can customize it in compliance with your own needs, adjust the style, fonts and color. So if you still miss the plain white paper with custom black font, it can be fixed in just a few seconds.

Take your chance to download new Windows ePub Reader – it is available for quick download absolutely free with no need to register anywhere for installation. The program is small in size, optimized for any Windows system, so installation won't be a tedious process and you will be able to read your electronic books in high quality in a blink. Change your life for the better with ePub Reader – expand your library, learn, discover and simply enjoy the time it will save you! Proceed to epub reader download.


Free software 

 
http://epubreader.info/
