Introduce your students to the new generation of Microsoft Office with the new generation of Shelly Cashman Series books! For the past three decades, the Shelly Cashman Series has effectively introduced computer skills to millions of students. With Office 2010, we're continuing our history of innovation by enhancing our proven pedagogy to reflect the learning styles of today's students. In Microsoft Office 2010: Introductory, you'll find features that are specifically designed to engage students, improve retention, and prepare them for future success. Our trademark step-by-step, screen-by-screen approach now encourages students to expand their understanding of the Office 2010 software through experimentation, exploration, and planning ahead. Brand-new end-of-chapter exercises prepare students to become more capable software users by requiring them to use critical thinking and problem-solving skills to create real-life documents.

New Features

    Expanded coverage of PowerPoint and Outlook to provide a thorough introduction to these applications and give exposure to the numerous enhancements made with Office 2010.

    Chapter topic redistribution offering concise chapters that ensure complete skill coverage and lead to more manageable chapters.

    New pedagogical elements that enrich material, creating an accessible and user-friendly approach, allowing easy navigation through the skills in each chapter.

Additional Features

    A step-by-step, screen-by-screen approach allows educators to successfully teach to all learning styles and make sure that students retain information to be used in their personal and professional lives.

    A new opening chapter presents essential Office 2010 and Windows┬« 7 skills, preventing repetitive coverage of basic skills in the applications chapters, and providing students with a strong base for further learning.

    Expanded coverage of PowerPoint and Outlook to provide a thorough introduction to these applications and give exposure to the numerous enhancements made with Office 2010.



Paperback: 1176 pages
Publisher: Course Technology; 1 edition (August 5, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1439078386
ISBN-13: 978-1439078389