Games : Windows : Full Game : English


About the Game

Dark Sector thrusts players into the role of Hayden Tenno, a covert operative sent on a dangerous mission into Lasria, an Eastern European city on the brink of ruin that hides a deadly Cold War secret. In the midst of this mission, Hayden is attacked by an unknown enemy and infected by the Technocyte Virus, a brutal bio-weapon that twists its victims into mindless killing machines. Surviving this attack, Hayden finds that the Technocyte virus has granted him powerful, inhuman abilities unlike anything he has ever seen. Now, he must evolve with his powers, survive and become a hero.

All new, all original action-shooter - Throughout the course of the game, players will witness Hayden's transformation into something more than he was as he fights against the Technocyte Virus taking over his body and the effects it has on his psyche.
Evolution powers - Hayden gains incredible superhuman powers - including the deadly, bladed glaive that he can grow from his arm and use and throw with deadly accuracy. Hayden will grow with these powers as they evolve and become more powerful throughout the game.
Cinematic and immersive experience - Through the use of no HUD, intuitive controls and a 3rd-person over the shoulder viewpoint everything about Dark Sector is designed with the goal of keeping the player immersed in the game.


System Requirements

Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP SP2 / Vista / 7
Processor: Pentium 4 2.4 GHz or similar Athlon 64
Memory: XP 1 GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 6.5 GB Available
Video Card: DirectX 9.0 compatible, with shaders 3.0 support (nVidia GeForce 6600 or ATI X1300 or higher)
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card
DirectX Version: 9.0c
Controller support: XInput-controllers (Microsoft Xbox 360 Controller or Logitech Chillstream)

NOTE:
This game require Nvidia PhysX to be installed ,DO NOT cancel installation when game is asking to do.



More info and support here :
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=105.msg1027#msg1027



If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .