Homepage : http://www.ylcomputing.com



Introduction
WinUtilities Pro is an award winning collection of tools to optimize and speedup your system performance. this suite contains utilities to clean registry, temporary files on your disks, erase your application and internet browser history, cache and cookies. it also supports to defragment your disk drives and improve computer performance and stability. built-in StartUp Cleaner allows you to control startup programs that load automatically with windows, find duplicate files, fix broken shortcuts and uninstall unneeded software. other features include secure file deletion, recycle bin shredding, system maintenance tasks scheduling and undelete deleted files.


Disk Defrag
Defragment your disks and improve computer performance and stability

File Undelete
Recovers deleted files on NTFS and FAT volumes.

Disk Cleaner
Cleans disks from information that clogs your system and reduces the performance of your computer.

Registry Cleaner 
Scans the Windows registry and finds incorrect or obsolete information in the Windows Registry.

Startup Cleaner
Helps you to easily manage program execution at windows startup.

History Cleaner
Erases all traces of activity on your computer, save spaces and protect your privacy.

File Splitter
Splits any type of file into smaller pieces and rejoin them to the original file.

File Shredder
Erases files and make sure that no data thief can get his hands on your sensitive data.

EXE Protector
Protects any Windows executable file with a secure password.

Memory Optimizer
Optimizes the Memory Management of Windows. No special configuration is needed, Memory Optimizer will auto configure itself.

Duplicate Files Finder
Helps you to free disk space by finding and removing duplicate files from your system.

Shortcuts Fixer
Provides you with an easy way to address the invalid shortcuts and reports back to you so that you can remove it from your system.

Process Manager 
Allows you to check your system's performance and manage the running processes.

Uninstall Manager
Manages the programs installed on your system and uninstall unneeded software.

System Information
Shows you the detailed information for your computer hardware and software.

Registry Backup&Restore
Back up and restore the Windows Registry.

Registry Search
Searchs the Windows Registry by a specific wildcard. then you can delete or export them.

BHO Remover
Manages the BHOs that are currently installed.

Auto Shutdown
Schedules your computer for log off, stand by, hibernate, or shutdown at a specific time.

Windows Tools
Provides you an easy way to launch the utilities build in Windows.

System Control
Organizes and manage your Windows Settings

Task Scheduler
Configures the cleaning tasks that take place automatically.





scanned with: F-Secure Internet Security 2012 + Virustotal

enjoy
         scuba-doo	