Project Zomboid v0.2.0f | 69.01 Mb


Project Zomboid a Zombie Survival RPG.
You're trapped in a quarantined city with a million zombies. There is no escape. There is no cure. The end is coming, so get used to it.

Global changes: increased card, improved graphics and a lighting system, added new music tracks.

Features:
• A huge city with neighborhoods to rob, kill and explore.
• Completely open sendboks - the main task to survive, and we regret to inform you ... in the end you still die.
• You can get infected. How will you spend your last hours? Die in a heroic act, or will devour the entrails of his best friend.
• Meet with other survivors. Trade, take to the party, take or kill tasks for resources.
• steal, obtain, and build everything you need to survive, whether it be food, drugs, weapons and even a drink to pass the night in this hell.
• The developed system allows the craft to create weapons, traps, barricades, and a lot of differences that will help you survive.
• The development of character. Learn the skills to get perks.
• Hunger, sickness, loneliness, depression, alcoholism, drug addiction, suicide, madness, questions of trust.
• survive with their friends in the cooperative.
• The world is changing over time, power cuts off, plunging the city into darkness, making batteries and canned food base for survival. The Army conducts sweep of the city from becoming infected.
• And other chips appear over time.

Important: when you first start the game asks for a login and password, just click "Log in" and play.


List of changes:

v0.2.0f:

    Fix bug where thirst isn't actually killing you.
    Fix to broken 'you survived for' time.
    Enabled character creation.
    Added temporary loading text to stop people thinking it's crashed.
    Same floor roofs turning off when inside.
    Fixed the buggy farm.
    Fixed barricading sticking / blocking bug.
    Increased container opening distance slightly to help with top diagonals.
    Because we figured out a quick fix. Blood splatter! (may be some mild bugs in this):

    Batteries fittable / removable for flashlights.
    Super powerful lua driven recipe system needed for above. Can do some really interesting recipes with this.
    You now get cooking XP from any crafting involving food items.
    M mutes music.
    Clicking window no longer open/closes curtains. Warning this may make certain open curtains more fiddly to click on. Not sure of a solution to this.
    Stopped right click doing carpentry building when carrying wood etc.
    Moddable professions and traits.
    Removed gamma correction as it caused problems on some people's particularly other platform machines.



Important: when you first start the game asks for a login and password, just click "Log in" and play.


PS- Remeber this is a public test version. Expect bugs, and errors....



Its a single .exe file. Just execute and select where you want to install it.

Its free of virus, etc.

Enjoy	 





   