IMPORTANT:

I don't do movie uploads mainly due to the time and dedication involved... however, I really wanted to see if this anime was as good as everyone said it was. The problem was I couldn't find an English Dub that was suitable for playing on my laptop (non-high definition) that was actually dubbed in English as claimed. So, yeah, I had to convert one [Source: BCD 720p rip]. The issue is that If I was looking for it, other people might be looking for it too, so here it is. Enjoy.

On a side note, I did enjoy the movie. I thought It was pretty good. This movie might be suitable for younger audiences as there is no nudity, little bit of violence and only a little blood (mainly face punches, but some comical uses also.)

On another side note, if you insist that the only way to watch anime and don't understand whatever language it was made in is to get English subbed versions, well, I really don't know what to tell you. I don't watch movies to read subtitles. To each their own.

Best viewed on a laptop.

I watched this on VLC player and it played flawlessly. I also did some quick reviewing on quicktime and did not find any issues. Audio is a little low on quicktime, so VLC might be your best option unless you have headphones or something.

ENJOY.

Video
Codec - Xvid
Resolution - 640x480
Frame Rate- 25 p/s

Audio
Codec - Mpga
Language - English
Type - Audio
Channels -2
Sample Rate - 44100 Hz
Sample Rate - 122 kb/s

Screens:
 
http://bayimg.com/JANPEAada 
http://bayimg.com/JaNPlaadA 
http://bayimg.com/jaNpOaaDA 
http://bayimg.com/KaNPAaAda 
http://bayimg.com/kANPcaAdA

Summer Wars (サマーウォーズ Samā Wōzu) is a 2009 Japanese animated science fiction romance film directed by Mamoru Hosoda, animated by Madhouse and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film's voice cast includes Ryunosuke Kamiki, Nanami Sakuraba, Mitsuki Tanimura, Sumiko Fuji and Ayumu Saitō. The film tells the story of Kenji Koiso, a timid eleventh-grade math genius who is taken to Ueda by twelfth-grade student Natsuki Shinohara to celebrate her great-grandmother's 90th birthday. While there, some stuff happens.
