CDRWIN 10

Copies and burns like the devil!

Now even faster, easier, more precise: CDRWIN 10 is concentrated and proven burning power for your CD-, DVD- and / or Blu-ray-writer with a diabolically new and modern interface, which offers the most important functions quickly and clearly arranged.
CDRWIN 10 is equipped with state-of-the-art technology providing those qualities, which already made the predecessors so successful: reliability, velocity, comprehensive functionality and a straightforwardness that directly leads to success.
CDRWIN 10 is the ideal burning software package for starters and professionals. Now also compatible with Windows 8.

Highlights

Direct copy of data-CDs/DVDs (incl. computer games) and audio-CDs
Burning and creation of ISO-, BIN- and XMD-images as well as Cue-Files
Authoring of Orange Book-compatible data-CDs (CD-ROM, CD-ROM/XA) as well as data-DVDs and Blu-ray discs. Also suitable for creation of MP3- and h.264/MPEG-4-CDs/ DVDs & Blu-ray discs.
Automatic setting of the platform-overlapping ISO 9660-file system and the Windows Joliet file system for display of long file names and complex directory structures.
Authoring of Red Book-compatible audio-CDs (CD-DA) in Disc-at-Once-mode with manually adjustable track breaks and CD-Text.
Support of Disc at Once (very important e.g. for standard-compliant creation of audio-CDs and when copying from CDs/DVDs), Track at Once (important in case data-CDs are to be extended retroactively) and Session at Once (CD-extra).
Ripping of audio-CDs in MP3/WMA or WAV. Supports the reading of CD-Text, freedb.org and the manual input of title information
freedb-data can be edited and are stored locally in a cache
UDF support for burning DVD structures
Fast or complete deletion of re-writable media
Caching system for optimization of system configuration and guarantee of safe burning procedure.
Support of all known blank CD sizes from 21 to 99 minutes length, CD-R, CD-RW, DVD+R, DVD-R, DVD+RW, DVD-RW, DVD DL, DVD-RAM, BD-R and BD-RW. Overburning of CD-Rs is also possible.
Support of various techniques for buffer underrun protection, e.g. BurnProof.
Multi-Session support for data discs
Audio- and data projects can be stored and loaded
Retroactive finalizing of CD/DVDs/Blu-ray discs possible
Future-proof: automatic support for new burners. More than 1000 burners tested successfully, among others Acer, ACTIMA, AOpen, APACHI, ARTEC, ASUS, BTC, Compaq, CenDyne (Verbatim), Creative Labs, Cyberdrive, CyQ've, Delta, DynaTec, Dysan, Freecom, Fujitsu Siemens, Goldstar, Grundig, Hewlett-Packard (HP), Hightech, Hi-Val, Imation, Iomega, JVC, Kodak, LaCie, LG, Lifetec, Lite-On, Media FORM, Medion, Memorex, Mem-Up, Micro Solutions, Microboards of America, MicroNet Technology, Mitsubishi, Mitsumi, Mustek, Nec, Olympus, Optima, OTI, Pacific Digital, Panasonic (Matsushita), Philips, Pinnacle, Pioneer, Plasmon, Plextor, Procom Technology, QPS, R-Quest, Ricoh, Samsung, Sanyo, Smart & Friendly, Sony, Taiyo Yuden, TDK, Teac, Terratec, Tevion; That's write, Toshiba, Traxdata, Turtle Beach, Waitec, Wearnes, Yamaha etc... CDRWIN 10 probably works with any drive that is presently on the market. Even a large number of old drives that were released before 1998 should be supported. If CDRWIN does not support a certain burner, please contact us!
Supports ATAPI-, SCSI-, SATA-, Firewire- and USB-drives
Includes an ASPI driver for Windows
Incl. ATIP and ADIP-display
Incl. sector viewer of discs
Support for Drag & Drop

System Requirements

Windows XP(SP3)/Vista/7/8 (both 32- and 64 bit)
CD/DVD/Blu-ray compatible burner
512MB RAM, 1 GB RAM recommended
Pentium processor
An MP3-codec cannot be supplied for licence reasons and has already to be installed on the system. Supported are the MP3-codecs of the Windows Media Player 10/11/12 and the freeware LAME (lame_enc.dll).
Mouse

*CDRWIN 10 is not able to copy DRM-protected audio-CDs, DVD-videos and single DRM-protected audio files.

Homepage: http://www.engelmann.com/eng/cdrwin.php

Installation Instructions:

- Install program
- Locate the file "EMRegSys.dll" on your system and replace it with Cracked one in torrent.
- Run application, Use given serial to register.
- Done, Enjoy.