Union Pacific Challenger

Developed by : RailSimulator.com | Type of distribution : Add-On | Language : English | Year : 2012 | Compatibility : TS2013 | Genre: Simulation | Release Date: 23 Nov 2012

About the Game
The mighty Union Pacific Challenger 4-6-6-4 is now available for Train Simulator, featuring four exciting and challenging scenarios specially created for the Sherman Hill route.

The stiff gradients of the Wasatch Mountains demanded newer, more powerful and efficient locomotives, leading to Union Pacifics chief engineers to design a 4-6-6-4 steam locomotive that utilised two sets of driving wheels each with their own steam cylinders. The Challengers impressive articulated wheel arrangement made it one of the most successful large steam locomotive designs ever developed and was considered to be one of the most technologically advanced of its kind, providing both high horsepower and efficient operations.

Their mammoth weight made the Challenger a regular sight on UPs heavy mountainous freight routes but they were also put into service on the occasional passenger service through mountain territories to California and Oregon. In total, 252 Challengers were built between 1936 and 1943 by the American Locomotive Company and Baldwin Locomotive Works, just less than half for UP.

The Union Pacific Challenger V2.0 for Train Simulator is available in two liveries - the famous Union Pacific black livery and Union Pacific lined grey livery. Key features include TSX effects, new smoke and steam particle emitters, and enhanced cab interior.

The
Sherman Hills Add-On
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7820657/Train_Simulator_2013_-_Sherman_Hill

(available on TPB) is required to play the scenarios included with this Add-On.

Scenarios
Four scenarios for the Sherman Hill route:

Challenger Intro Run
Challenger on Sherman Hill Cheyenne to Laramie
Challenger Working at Wycon
Challenger Working the BNSF Stub


Key Features
Union Pacific Challenger in Union Pacific black and lined grey liveries
Realistic cab interior and sounds
Improved locomotive physics and TSX effects
Realistic raindrops and correct headlight illumination
New smoke and steam particle emitters
Quick Drive compatible

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"


Visit Us At: 
http://www.railgamer.co.uk/


More Torrents over at:    
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/


Like Us On Facebook:
Search "Rail Gamer"
To keep up to date on new releases
