Contains:
– Suomea suomeksi 1–2 by Olli Nuutinen;
– the Finnish-English vocabulary for Suomea suomeksi 1–2;
– the additional exercise books Suomen harjoituksia 1–2 by Eila Hämäläinen;
– the 5 CDs accompanying Suomen harjoituksia 1 in format MP3.

The books are in format DjVu.


Description of the method:

Suomea suomeksi 1-2 (Finnish in Finnish) is an easy introduction to the structure of the Finnish language and to everyday Finnish. The vocabulary to this unilingual book can be obtained in Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Icelandic, French, German, Italian, Spanish, and in English. In preparing the book special attention has been paid to the needs of the Scandinavian students, but due to its unilingual approach the book can equally be used by non-Scandinavians.

The author, Phil. D. Olli Nuutinen, has taught Finnish at the Universities of Copenhagen and Warsaw. At present he is lecturing in Finnish for foreigners at Helsinki University.


Review from amazon.com:
Fantastic- -but not for everyone August 26, 2003
By Erika Mitchell TOP 500 REVIEWERVINE™ VOICE

This book is an excellent introduction to the Finnish language. The approach of the book is to stay entirely within Finnish itself, with no resort to translation or even explanation in any language but Finnish. This approach would make the book extremely difficult to use for self-study by someone who doesn’t know the language; you really need a teacher to help you through at least the first few chapters. On the other hand, by the time you master those first chapters, you will have the knowledge you need to get through the remainder on your own.

What makes this book stand out from other Finnish texts is its extremely strong and well-presented grammatical rules which refer to and rely on the predictable phonological processes of the language. Students are introduced to vowel harmony and consonant gradation as early as chapter 3, making the regular sound changes consequent with the addition of word endings for case or agreement entirely predictable. For the linguistically inclined, this approach showcases the beauty of the language.

Each chapter begins with a small box giving a brief overview of the new grammar focus for the lesson. Then follows a text or set of short dialogues in which the grammar point is demonstrated and new vocabulary is introduced. Following this is usually another grammar box, with more details or notes about the grammar point, and then more text or dialogues. Finally come written exercises, which focus the grammar points. The texts and dialogues are often related to aspects of Finnish geography or culture, and the vocabulary is well chosen from common words or words related to student life. The progression of the grammar presentations is very conducive to communication, starting with simple sentence structure with the copula, then locative cases, plural, genitive, partitive, numbers, transitive, and intransitive verbs, etc. If you make if all the way through this book, volume 2 completes the grammar with the possessive suffixes, lesser used cases like the abessive, comparative and superlative forms of adjectives and adverbs, and the potential mood. Of these later grammar points, only the possessive suffixes are essential for everyday usage, and it would have been useful to see them presented early on in the first volume.

While extremely well executed in its linguistic approach, this book is not for everybody. The Finnish-only approach makes it an excellent text for mixed language groups studying in Finland. For such groups, there are also bilingual vocabulary lists for the book sold separately in a variety of languages. But at the same time, the Finnish-only design also limits the usability of the book for independent study. I would highly recommend the book for linguists. For others, I would suggest giving it a try, but keep in mind the target audience.