S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Borderlands 2: Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage DLC

22-11-2012......Release Date <-> Protection...........Steam + CEG
FPS/RPG............Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................DLC

RELEASE NOTES

Enter Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage┬ö and see if you have what it
takes to become champion of this brand new storyline in Borderlands 2.
Fight for the Big Loot against some of the baddest baddies in Pandora,
including hordes of Biker Bandits.  Plus, take special quests from Tiny
Tina, Moxxi and others for extra rewards.  And don't forget to bring
your friends -- those higher levels get pretty tough.

Features:

More Badassitude: Immerse yourself in the Badass Crater of Badassitude
and explore never-before-seen parts of Pandora.

New Bosses and Enemies:  Face off against hordes of new enemies and
bosses including Pyro Pete, Motor Momma, Badassaurus Rex, and a blimp.

More Characters: Raise havoc with the help of new characters like
Piston and Mr. Torgue as well as returning favorites Tiny Tina, Sir
Hammerlock, Mad Moxxi, and more!

More Adventures, More Gear, and More Explosions: Explode your problems
away with crazy new weapons as you fight your way through an all-new
story with sidequests aplenty.

New Battles: Get in a good old fashioned bar brawl, try to survive a
death race, get your gladiator on, and more.

Please note: Add-on Content, Borderlands 2 required to play.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Install our Borderlands.2-SKIDROW release
2. Install our Borderlands.2.v1.2.2.Update-SKIDROW
3. Run Borderlands.2.Mr.Torgues.Campaign.of.Carnage.DLC.exe
4. Install
5. Copy the cracked content from the update and into the main install
folder and overwrite
6. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
7. Play the game
8. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

This DLC package requires v1.2.2 Update!

This package contains the following DLC:

Creature Slaughter Dome DLC
Moxxi's Rocket Launcher DLC
Mechromancer Pack DLC
Borderlands 2: Captain Scarlett and her Pirates Booty DLC
Borderlands 2: Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage DLC

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision