If you want to know about the punk rock explosion in the mid to late 90s, this is THE video to watch. Includes interviews from all of the major players from this time period. All the credit in the world goes to Jai Al-Attas and Matt Wardle for putting their time and money up to produce this fascinating documentary. Unfortunately, to date it has never had an official release due to high royalty fees but following a leak on YouTube it is now in the public's hands. Enjoy!



On April 5th 1994, the man who brought underground alternative music into the mainstream, Kurt Cobain, was found dead from a self inflicted shot gun wound to the head. In the same year a little known band out of the bay area in Northern California called Green Day released 'Dookie' which would go on to sell over 19 million copies worldwide. In the same year another band from Orange County in Southern California called The Offspring released 'Smash' and went on to have the highest selling independent record of all time on independant punk label, Epitaph. If 'Grunge' died in 1994 with the death of Kurt, Punk was now the biggest musical style in the world and was reborn into a new body through the likes of Green Day, The Offspring, Blink 182, Bad Religion and the hordes of successful bands on indie labels like NOFX, Pennywise and Rancid. This film documents the 90's incarnation of 'punk rock' from the dark days of the mid 80's to the resurgence of the East Bay punk scene, the Socal surf and skate movement to the eventual start of the Warped Tour. We follow the stories of the artists, labels, managers and producers that were part of punk rocks most successful time period... Ever.


Featuring interviews with:

Fat Mike - NOFX / Fat Wreck Chords
Tim Armstrong - Rancid / Hell Cat Records
Lars Frederikson – Rancid
Matt Freeman – Rancid
Billie Joe Armstrong - Green Day
Joey Cape – Lagwagon
Mark Hoppus - Blink 182
Tom Delonge - Blink 182
Brett Gurewitz - Bad Religion / Epitaph
Greg Graffin - Bad Religion
Fletcher Drage – Pennywise
Tony Sly - No Use For A Name
Scott Russo - Unwritten Law
John Feldman – Goldfinger
Dexter Holland - The Offspring / Nitro Records
Joe Escalante - The Vandals / Kung Fu Records
Larry Livermore - Lookout Records
Kevin Lyman - Warped Tour
Rick Devoe - Blink 182 Manager / Big Dummy Productions
Andy Somers - Booking Agent
Ryan Greene – Producer
Rob Cavallo - A&R / Producer
Matt Messer - A&R
Tim Curran - Professional Surfer


Narrated By	Tony Hawk
Directed By	Jai Al-Attas
Produced By	Matt Wardle
 
http://onenineninefour.com/