
The Sriracha Cookbook : 50 "Rooster Sauce" Recipes that Pack a Punch
by Randy Clemens
Ten Speed Press | January 2011 | ISBN-10: 1607740036 | ePUB/MOBI | 128 pages | 15.2 MB 
http://www.amazon.com/The-Sriracha-Cookbook-Rooster-Recipes/dp/1607740036

You’ve drizzled the addictively spicy chili sauce over your breakfast eggs, noodles, and French fries, but now it’s time to take your Sriracha obsession to bold, new heights. Food writer and trained chef Randy Clemens presents 50 palate-expanding recipes that make the most of Sriracha’s savory punch, such as: Spicy Ceviche, Honey-Sriracha Glazed Buffalo Wings, Bacon-Sriracha Cornbread, the Ultimate Sriracha Burger, Peach-Sriracha Sorbet, and more.
Named Bon Appétit’s Ingredient of the Year for 2010, the piquant pureé of chili peppers is one of the few kitchen standbys adored by adventurous cooks of all stripes—from star chefs to college freshmen—who appreciate its vibrant, versatile balance of ketchup-like sweetness, garlicky pungency, and just the right amount of spice. Whether you’re a die-hard fan or a recent convert to the revered “rooster sauce,” you’ll love adding heat, depth, and an intriguing Southeast Asian twist to your dishes beyond just a tableside squeeze.

About the Author
Randy Clemens is a freelance food & drink writer, as well as a professional hedonist. After graduating from the California School of Culinary Arts, Randy went on to dabble in restaurant kitchens, intern at dairy farms and wineries, and generally drift around in the food business. Eventually, he came to realize his passion for food was no longer something he could keep to himself, and he began to put his pen to paper.
Starting with writing restaurant reviews for a small, local newspaper, Randy soon began an internship at Los Angeles magazine. He would also go on to write for publications such as Gourmet, Saveur, Draft, Imbibe, Wine Enthusiast, and BeerAdvocate.
His love affair with Sriracha began around 1999, with a simple drizzle over a bowl of fried rice. It was only a matter of time before he began experimenting with the addictive hot sauce in his kitchen. During a Sriracha-and-pho-induced endorphin rush, an idea for a cookbook popped into his head.
Randy currently lives in San Diego, CA and believes strongly in eating local, sustainably-grown food. He is a member of the International Association of Culinary Professionals and the Culinary Historians of Southern California. Randy is a BJCP Recognized Beer Judge and is a strong supporter of the amazingly talented Southern California craft breweries. He is also the co-author of "The Craft of Stone Brewing Co.: Liquid Lore, Epic Recipes, and Unabashed Arrogance." 