Adam Warlock (originally known as Him) is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics.  The character, Warlock, first appeared, during the Silver Age of comic books, in Fantastic Four 66 in September, 1967 [albeit in cocoon form] and FF 67 in October, 1967, after he had evolved into humanoid form. Stan Lee wrote Warlock and the character was penciled/co-plotted by Jack Kirby.  After a second appearance as Him in Thor 165-166 in June ΓÇô July. 1969), writer and then Marvel editor-in-chief Roy Thomas, and penciler Gil Kane, significantly revamped Him as the allegorical Messiah, Adam Warlock, in Marvel Premiere 1 (April, 1972.)  Thomas and Kane collaborated on the costume, with the red tunic and golden lightning bolt as their homage to Fawcett Comics' 1940s - 1950s character, Captain Marvel.

Over the almost five decades since the character first appeared, he has appeared many times in the pages of many Marvel comics; and starred (sometimes in name, only) in five volumes of his own.

As Him, the character possessed superhuman strength; speed; durability; stamina; agility and the ability to manipulate cosmic energy for energy projection, flight and recuperation (e.g. creating a cocoon for self-preservation and regeneration.) However, Him sacrificed the majority of these powers by prematurely emerging from his cocoon in order to defend The High Evolutionary from an assault by the Man-Beast. In compensation, the High Evolutionary gave Him the Soul Gem. The Gem possesses a consciousness of its own and demonstrates a vampiric hunger for the life energies of organic beings. It also contains an idyllic pocket universe that hosts all the souls the Gem has ever taken. The latest version of Warlock uses "Quantum magic" and can manipulate energy; create force fields; teleport; travel faster than light and detect wormholes and other irregularities in space. He also has the power to de-evolve the followers of Man-Beast back into the animals from which they evolved, as well as revert the Brute back into counter-Reed Richards. This power comes from his soul gem. 

For your downloading and perusing pleasures, this torrent (presented in chronological order) contains all the various volumes and series in which Him appeared (EXCEPT volume 5;) revivals Warlock endured; and characters created using is name.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
