Rebellious students at an English private school plan a violent revolt against their repressive environment in director Lindsay Anderson's highly acclaimed but extremely controversial drama. Centering on a small group of non-conformists led by Mick Travis (Malcolm McDowell), the film paints a distinctly negative picture of the British school system and, by extension, English society. Seeing the powers-that-be as humorless, bureaucratic, and needlessly restrictive, Mick and his cohorts indulge in small acts of rebellion, including sneaking into town to romance a local waitress. Their actions are discovered and punished with harsh beatings, leading the students to plot revenge. This effort culminates in the film's most famous sequence, a surrealistic depiction of a bloody uprising by the students against the adult world. Daring and unpredictable in content and form, If... mixes color and black-and-white cinematography as easily as it mingles satire with dark fantasy. The film's ambiguous attitude toward violence caused controversy at the time, as many commentators saw the film as a potential incitement to violence. It became a great success among younger, counter-culture audiences who appreciated the audacious shock tactics and embraced the satirical, anti-establishment message. Often compared to Jean Vigo's French classic Zéro de conduite, which also featured surrealistic boarding-school rebellion, If... has become a high point in the cinema of youth rebellion. Anderson and McDowell later collaborated on O Lucky Man! (1973), Look Back in Anger (1980), and Britannia Hospital (1982).

   General
      Complete name : If.....1968.720p.BluRay.x264-EbP.mkv
      Format : Matroska
      File size : 6.32 GiB
      Duration : 1h 51mn
      Overall bit rate : 8 094 Kbps
   Video #1
      ID : 1
      Format : AVC
      Format/Info : Advanced Video Codec
      Format profile : High@L4.1
      Format settings, CABAC : Yes
      Format settings, ReFrames : 9 frames
      Muxing mode : Container profile=Unknown@4.1
      Codec ID : V_MPEG4/ISO/AVC
      Duration : 1h 51mn
      Width : 1 200 pixels
      Height : 720 pixels
      Display aspect ratio : 1.667
      Frame rate : 23.976 fps
      Resolution : 24 bits
   Audio #2
      ID : 2
      Format : FLAC
      Format/Info : Free Lossless Audio Codec
      Codec ID : A_FLAC
      Duration : 1h 51mn
      Bit rate mode : Variable
      Channel(s) : 1 channel
      Sampling rate : 48.0 KHz
   Text #3
      ID : 3
      Format : UTF-8
      Codec ID : S_TEXT/UTF8
      Codec ID/Info : UTF-8 Plain Text
      Title : SDH
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063850/

Audio: English
Subtitles: English (in mkv), Portuguese (srt)