New Orleans Funk Vol.2~The Second Line Strut (Soul Jazz) [320KB] {MKOP}

An incredible follow up to the first New Orleans Funk compilation on Soul Jazz – even harder-hitting than the first, and filled with funky rare gems! This set took nearly a decade to follow the first, but it's been well worth the wait – and the crew at Soul Jazz have clearly used all that time to dig way past the obvious on the New Orleans scene, and come up with a really incredible batch of all-funky cuts all the way through! Even if you've got a dozen other New Orleans funk collections in your collection, you'll find plenty here to win you over – as the package goes out of its way to pull cuts from rare singles and under-reissued material – then wraps the whole thing up with the usual extra-thorough Soul Jazz approach to liner notes and details. And while some of the names are familiar here, they're nicely interspersed with lesser-known folks who keep things fresh – making for a winning lineup that really sets a new standard for this sort of set. 
~Dusty Groove

01. Cyril Neville - Gossip
02. Eddie Bo - If It's Good to You (It's Good for You)
03. Ray J - Right Place Wrong Time
04. The Meters - Chicken Strut
05. Allen Toussaint - Tequila
06. Prime Mates - Hot Tamales
07. Betty Harris - Show It
08. Lee Dorsey - Four Corners
09. Bonnie, Sheila - You Keep Me Hanging On
10. The Gaturs - Yeah You're Right, You Know You're Right
11. Danny White & Linda Nail - The Twitch
12. Inell Young - What Do You See In Her
13. Earl King - Street Parade
14. Eddie Bo - The Rubber Band
15. Benny Spellman - Fortune Teller
16. Warren Lee - Mama Said We Cant Get Married
17. Betty Harris - Twelve Red Roses
18. Joe Chopper - Soul Pusher
19. Eddie Bo - Hey Bo
20. Johnny Moore - Haven't I Been Good To You
21. Elder Jimmy Hicks - Mr Big Stuff
22. Warren Lee - Funky Bell
23. G. Davis,R. Tyler - Hold on Help Is On It's Way
24. Art Neville - Bo Diddley
25. Porgy Jones - The Dapp

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders