The Definitive Handbook on Cranes and Derricks--Updated Per the Latest Standards and Equipment

Fully revised throughout, Cranes and Derricks. Fourth Edition, offers comprehensive coverage of the selection, installation, and safe use of cranes and derricks on construction sites. Written for both engineers and non-engineers by the principals of an engineering consulting firm that has helped to define the state-of-the-art in crane and derrick engineering, this authoritative guide discusses a wide range of equipment and the operations, capabilities, advantages, and disadvantages of each device. References to U.S. and international codes and standards are included in this practical resource, as well as a comprehensive glossary.

Cranes and Derricks, Fourth Edition, covers:

Lifting equipment theory and fundamentals
Crane and derrick types and configurations
Mobile crane practices for both crawler and wheel-based cranes
Multiple crane picks
Installation design for tower cranes
Jumping of tower cranes
Chicago boom, guy, gin pole, stiffleg, and other forms of derricks
Loads acting on cranes and the forces imposed by cranes on their supports
Analysis of wind using ASCE-37 and ASCE-7
Stability against overturning
Safety and risk management

Cranes and Derricks has the peculiar role of covering both deep
theory and day-to-day practice. There are some portions of the previous
edition that are arcane, and useful only to a handful of specialists.
In the present edition, we have put some of the more abstruse
text in appendixes so that it does not deter the typical reader. Other
portions, particularly in the discussion of derricks, describe practices
that are close to obsolescence. There was a temptation to delete this
material from the present edition, but we kept most of it because it
presents a way of problem-solving that draws on artful skills and
imaginative engineering.
The authors have been assisted by a coterie of enthusiastic
reviewers, advisors, and contributors from the crane and construction
industries. We limit our explicit acknowledgment to a few who
made particularly noteworthy contributions. It was especially gratifying
to have been mentored by our fatherΓÇÖs longtime crane industry
colleagues Norman Hargreaves (Terex) and Daniel Quinn (Link Belt);
they were persistent sources of assorted help and advice. Mike Quinn
of Morrow Crane was invaluable in advancing the wind engineering
portion of Chap. 3. Dominick DΓÇÖAntonio and John Kelly of Falcon
Steel provided astute critiques of several chapters; Stephanie Bass of
our own office created the new line art. Michael Zhou of Zoomlion
provided the list of Chinese crane standards in English translation.
We give our heartfelt thanks to the others who gave us assistance
large and small but are not listed here.