THIS IS NOT MY TORRENT...I FOUND IT ON ANOTHER SITE AND AM JUST SPREADING THE INFO.
ALL CREDIT IS TO MR_ARMAGEDDON!

TapouT XT - Extreme Home Fitness

I wasnΓÇÖt pleased with the quality of some of the other TapouT XT torrents found on Demonoid and other torrent sites, so I downloaded the DVD ISOs and ripped them myself.  No more audio sync issues, mixed aspect ratios, or dead space at the end of the videos.  Please see below for more detailed info on the videos, and the contents of this torrent.

TapouT XT is a true mixed martial arts (MMA) style, extreme home fitness program. Lose weight, build lean muscle, and get ripped in 90 days! No weights, no pull-ups and no gym memberships. Pro trainer and MMA conditioning coach, Mike Karpenko, leads you through 12-sweat drenching, super-charged MMA style workouts in your own home to give you that rock hard TapouT body you want. You just need to Come And Get It!

Video Info
Container:  	.mkv
Codec:		H264
Video: 		848x476 @ 1815kbps, 2pass
Audio: 		2ch MP3 @ 128kbps


Inlcuded in this Torrent:

Documents:

Workout Calendar
Fitness Guide

Videos:

1. Strength & Force Upper
Get ready to bring the power as you sculpt lean muscle and upper body definition with extra focus on your chest, shoulders and triceps.(53:41)

2. Plyo XT
Burn fat and improve athletic performance with this sweat drenching explosive plyometric lower body workout. (51:11)

3. Cross Core Combat
Melt away fat MMA style as you punch and kick your way to a shredded core in this hard twisting crack of the skull workout. (45:49)

4. Competition Core
Want TapouT Abs? Do this work out! Carve your upper, middle, lower abs, and love handles at the same. (47:14)

5. Buns & Guns XT
Just what it says. Get that firm, toned and lifted butt along with beach-ready biceps, triceps and more. (31:20)

6. Yoga XT
You will look forward to this stretch-based yoga workout each week. But remember, this is XT, so donΓÇÖt expect any free passes here! You're gonna to feel it! (51:04)

7. Sprawl & Brawl
Melt away fat as you train like a fighter with this signature TapouT XT workout. Keep your workout towel handy for this one! (46:07)

8. Muay Thai
Based on the MMA combat technique developed in Thailand, this workout uses stand-up striking along with knock-out kicks that will reshape your entire body and burn fat XT style! (40:02)

9. Ripped Conditioning
No weights. No pull ups. Pure muscle. This extreme conditioning workout will get you that ripped up TapouT body you want. (41:14)

10. Ultimate Abs XT
Good bye spare tire. Hello six-pack! This 15 minute ab blitzing workout is the key to getting rock hard TapouT Abs. (15:45)

11. Cardio XT
When we say this workout is extreme, we mean it. Cardio XT will make you earn it with sweat! (46:20)

12. Legs & Back
YouΓÇÖll be turning heads after a few sessions of this leg burning, booty lifting, back sculpting workout. (40:19)

(Bonus) Strike Training
Strike Training DVD: Watch this DVD first! Learn proper form and technique from world champions and top pro MMA fighters. Spend 10 minutes watching this DVD and youΓÇÖll benefit each time you workout with TapouT XT. 
