        ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ             ÜÜÜ              ÜÜ
              ßß  ÛÛ  ßß             ÛÛ              ÛÛ     ÛÛ
                  ÛÛ            ßß   ÛÛ   ßß         ÛÛ     ÛÛÜÜÜ ÜÜ Ü  Ü   Ü
                  ÛÛ   ÛÛ   ÛÛ ßÛÛ   ÛÛ  ßÛÛ  ÜÛßßÛÛ ÛÛßßÛÜ ÛÛ
                  ÛÛ   ÛÛÝÛ ÛÛ ÞÛÛ  ÞÛÛ  ÞÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛ ÛÛ ÞÛÛ ÛÛÝ
   Ü   Ü  ÜÜ ÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛ  ßÛÛßÛÛß ÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛ ßÛÜÜÛÛ ÛÛ ÞÛÛ ßÛÛÛÛ                                   Gunzoid
                                                  List
                                               ßßßß
“The Mother of all American-English on-line dictionaries” PC Magazine
Random House Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary

CLICK __over 315,00 entries
LOOK___over 2,400 line illustration
LISTEN__over 120,00 spoken pronounciation

This is the world’s largest, most complete electronic dictionary of American English – more than 315,000 entries immediately accessible on a single compact disk.

Random House Webster’s Unabridges Dictionary, Ver 2.0 for  Windows 3.x/95, is the only American unabridged dictionary on CD-ROM. It Includes all three of these essential features:
-	fully seachable text
-	illustrations
-	 spoken pronunciations
Load using it is as simple as Click, Look and Listen

Click!
Choose among four ways to search the dictionary. Whichever Search Type you choose, a single click brings up the word you want within the full text of the dictionary entry – definitions, written pronunciations, parts of speech, etymologies, synonyms and antonyms, usage notes, and more.

Look!
This dictionary is not just words—more than 2,400 spot maps and illustrations awaits you. Just click on the camera icon wherever it appears

Listen!
Hear the written language come to life. Over 120,00 professionally recorded pronunciations – more than in any other electronic dictionary – capture the authentic sounds of American English. Just click on the loudspeaker icon in the Random House Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary, completeness and ease of use are matched by versatility. This is needs of scholars, students, bussiness people, word-game players, and anyone else who ever has a question about the words that make up the English Language.
-Find exactly the word you want – when you want it.
-Make the dictionary your writing partner by linking it to your word processor.
Choose the langquage of your interface! This is the first electronic  dictionary of English to offer you the choice of English, French, or Spanish menus, dialogue boxes etc.
-Solve puzzles and play word games.

The Random House Webster’s Unabridged Dictionary – no electronic dictionary has ever done so much, so easily, so flexibly, and so authoritatively. The dictionary does it all.

Visit our Web page for daily word tips and updates  
http://www.randomhouse.com/jesse/

PLZ SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"

