New Features

Make selections with great precision
If you like cutting people or objects from photos, but hate tackling tricky areas like hair or leaves, you’ll love our new Smart Selection and Edge Refinement tools.
A clever selection brush makes selecting parts of an image or cutting out intricate parts of a photo much more refined. And new smart edge refinement improves selections even further; hone in on detailed areas for flawless cut-outs.

Work faster than ever
PhotoPlus X6 operates faster than ever before if you’re working on a computer or laptop with a 64-bit operating system.
A brand new engine means no more waiting for the program to catch you up, which is especially helpful when editing complex or large images and Raw files.

Uncrop and keep all adjustments
Ever cropped a photo, edited and adjusted it, then decided you didn’t like your crop? Reverting to your original image would’ve meant losing all those changes you made, but not anymore.
Non-destructive cropping makes your original image retrievable whenever you need it, without discarding any further edits you’ve carried out. Genius!

Edit Raw files in more detail
Working with Raw files in SLR-optimised PhotoPlus X6, you’ll want complete flexibility when it comes to shaping your photos. And that’s exactly what you get with our re-engineered Raw Studio.
Drag and drop lighting effects, adjust white balance and exposure, reduce noise, crop, and apply adjustments in specific areas with masks. All-round enhancements make Raw editing more convenient and powerful than ever.

Improve photos with noise reduction
Take care of coloured specks, blotches, and grains with seamless noise reduction. Correct luminance noise or colour noise, directly on a photo.

Zoom in further for better accuracy
Editing photos has never been as accurate as in PhotoPlus X6. Zoom in twice as far as before – ideal when working with large images.

Position guides more precisely
Place sub-pixel guides with incredible meticulousness – perfect for placing items or text in your photo exactly where you want them.

Create stylish tilt shift shots
The Depth of Field effect produces a model-like feel in a photo. Just set blur, brightness, and saturation for your very own miniature scene.

Mask layers with editable curves
Vector masks in brand new PhotoPlus X6 can be created with fully editable curves that mask layers or adjustments.

Edit fill layers at any time
Fill a layer with a colour or gradient and start editing, safe in the knowledge that you can go back and edit the layer’s fill whenever you like.

Minimum requirements
- Windows-based PC with DVD/CD drive and mouse (main processor must support SSE2 instructions)
- Microsoft Windows® 8, 7, Vista, or XP Service Pack 2 (32 bit) operating system
- 512MB RAM
- 821MB free hard disk space
- 1024 x 768 monitor resolution

Homepage : http://www.serif.com/photoplus/x6/