Ripped from YouTube
released yesterday
latest trance remix from RemixEvolution2011 channel.
BayImg isnt working on this site (Sigh) so here's the bayimg link anyway.
h.t.t.p.:/bayimg.com/OafCiAaeO

quoted from their video page:
Our newest Release! November/December 2012!! Make sure playing in 360p or higher to get decent sound quality, its worth it..:) -- Enjoy as we take Dash Berlin's beautiful Waiting with Emma Hewitt's stellar vocals and trance it up quite a bit. Adding several backing effects produced on KORG hardware we then combine the W&W Remix with the original Vocal remix, to produce a new version with an increased bpm and more of an aggressive trance feel. Key vocals have been pitch matched and reordered and a lot of cleaning up of the original waveform and bar joins was performed to smooth the track out. Some emphasis has been placed on piano sections that have been replayed on a slightly different instrument and have also had their pitch changed to better match one of the ramp-up sections of the track. For a change I'll give you a bit of background on the image used too; I started with some human DNA sequences and then modified the hue and colourised them. I then took a higher res scan of the original track artwork and added some transparencies and also matched it to the approximate colour scheme in use. Then I took the waveform of the remix and coloured it and then placed it in the background and used our RemixEvolution tag in the usual font in stark black for contrast. I like the end result but its as subjective as the mixes I assume!. :) Hope you like. The track was produced as usual on vestax decks with KORG and software effects, a mackie pro mixer and an SB Audigy 2ZS/Plat Pro sound setup. Software used varies but generally the output is in 48khz,24bit and is then downsampled for publishing. As a general rule I break most tracks down by frequency and then sequence or re-sequence things as I see fit, but wave editors and DJ mixing s/w is used at times where it provides a useful feature or advantage. There's not much else I can say about the track other than it was a bit of a labour of love; I've kept the changes subtle (in the context of the original) but significant enough that I prefer playing this version now. Hope you like or find some of the mixing or effects interesting, feel free to PM me for download link etc.
48000hz 24bit Wave/Downsampled through 44.1khz/16bit for some publishing formats
Published here in High quality of course so enjoy at 720p if you can! :)
Keywords:
"waiting remix" waiting remix redshift dub dash berlin emma hewitt "Dash Berlin" "dash berlin waiting" "emma hewitt" dash berlin emma hewitt waiting redshift dub "redshift dub" "waiting redshift dub" redshift dub RemixEvolution "emma hewitt waiting" "waiting dash berlin" "waiting remix" "W&W remix" "waiting W&W remix" 2012 new release "new release" "2012 remix" "redshift remix" electronica trance "new trance remix" dance house club techno mixing whitelabel vinyl "Cooledit pro" "DJ Decks" "the one" VirtualDJ "VirtualDJ8" Vestax VCI-100mk2 VCI100mk2 Mackie KORG KP3 "Korg Kp3" effects loop sampling instrumental bass mix "trance music (musical genre)"