From Wikipedia:

The Marvel Fireside Books Series was a series of full-color trade paperbacks featuring Marvel Comics stories and characters co-published by Marvel and the Simon & Schuster division Fireside Books from 1974 to 1979.

The series enabled fans of the old comics to have access to the stories without having to pay exorbitant prices for the original back issues. It introduced new readers to the work of Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko, and other Marvel creators, and packaged the material in a traditional book format that carried more caché than the flimsy pamphlet style of a typical comic book. Many of the books featured painted covers illustrated by such artists as Bob Larkin, John Romita, Sr., and Earl Norem. In this way, the series was an antecedent to the now common practice of packaging "classic" stories into archival editions and trade paperback collections including Marvel's 1998 book Grandson of Origins of Marvel Comics.

------

You can also check out http://members.tripod.com/adams_fan/fireside.html for a ton of useful info on the whole series.

------

This is a follow-up to my Origins of Marvel Comics torrent (and also requested by darthmung). Unfortunately I couldn’t find a scan of the original Fireside/Simon & Schuster 1976 edition of BRING ON THE BAD GUYS, the third book after ORIGINS and SON OF ORIGINS. But I did have the 1998 reprinting ... and I have good news and bad news.

The good news is, it’s still awesome and they expanded it with a two-part Dr. Doom story by John Byrne and Jerry Ordway. The bad news is that they didn’t use the gorgeous (Simon & Schuster copyrighted?) original painted John Romita Sr. cover! So I included that as a standalone JPEG in the torrent.

Also here is the 1998 sequel BRING BACK THE BAD GUYS.

The essays by Stan Lee are fascinating reads, and these collected editions feature great Marvel stories from Fantastic Four #5 (1962) to Super-Villain Classics: Galactus the Origin #1 (1983) to Iron Man #275 (1991). The books in this torrent run over 500 pages (about 250 to 260 pages each). All credit to the original scanners!