NITBits VideoCool Video Converter v2.0.1

VideoCool Video Converter is a piece of extremely powerful and full-featured video converter software that supports almost all video and audio formats.


"I took my time to try out this software and found it extremely handy to help users handle conversion work very easily with a small size. Plus, pretty fast in conversion supporting a good variety in codecs I'd say you should give this program a shot, you won't regret."

Besides capable of converting standard videos of all popular formats, it also supports the YouTube download. It means that you can download your favorite free online videos from YouTube in bulk and then convert them into the format you need for your computer or mobile device so that you can watch your videos whenever you want, even offline.

Manage Input Files & Playback
You may need to arrange the orders of the input video files - VideoCool Video Converter contains a file list, displaying all necessary file info and the thumbnail of each video, thus you can manage the files easily. Another feature included is the media playback that you can play all input media files.

Convert Video Files
VideoCool Video Converter provides a total solution to convert video files of any format to 3GP, MP3, MP4, AVI, MPG, WMV, MPEG, FLV, HD and others to play on your media player. Also, there are several settings that can make your videos perfectly compatible with devices like: iPod, iPhone, iPad, PSP and mobile phones. It also lets you extract audio from video files in all popular general and HD video formats for music entertainment.

Download YouTube Videos
With VideoCool Video Converter, you can easily and directly download nut shot, music video or news clip from YouTube and save them onto your hard drive for offline enjoyment. You simply need to copy some URls and paste them to the program window and click "Download". It allows you to preset your preferred YouTube quality to prior download instead of the other versions as long as they exist on the page.

Specify Output Quality
Many well-configured presets are provided by this smart music converter to enable you to customize the parameter for output files according to your own preference: frame rate, bit rate, resolution, etc. The default parameters of every format work in most cases and you can change them easily to best meet your needs.

Installation Notes

Just install the program and use the included key.
Have fun!




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To know , learn and get all things come and join here
LOTS AND LOTS OF GREAT THINGS ARE HERE
                                                                                                                                     
https://forum.suprbay.org

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1600+ Torrents                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/

			
credit to the original creator encoder 			


	