Lost Sciences & Vril Archive - G. Vassilatos publications

Gerry VassilatosΓÇÖ books are incredible resources for lost and suppressed science and invention. This collection isnΓÇÖt complete, but it is what we have been able to assemble for you. 

May the Vril force be with you!

VRIL COMPENDIUM I - WHITE RAY CONDUCTORS

An astounding assortment of arcane designs and remarkable inventions is presented in the first volume. Aerial batteries were designs which made practical use of the energies which celestial currents and rays brought to earth. Patents of Ward, Vion, Palenscar and others. Earth currents and earth resonance are discussed extensively in this volume. 

VRIL COMPENDIUM II - VRIL TELEGRAPHY

Telegraphy began with a truly radionic basis. Maps show that the telegraph system was literally generated along VRIL paths as railroad personnel followed their own intuitions while laying track. 

VRIL COMPENDIUM III - VRIL LINKAGE

The manner in which VRIL radiance has been apprehended through ΓÇ£aquavideoΓÇ¥, photographs, and photochemical means is thoroughly documented here in remarkable depth. Introducing telegraphic patents which made direct use of ancient geomantic means for communicating intent: non-electric pendulum telegraph systems, and VRIL impression recording systems. 

VRIL COMPENDIUM IV - VRIL ARCHEFORMS

A remarkable assortment of earth battery patents. A primer course in VRIL genesis of metal lodes and placer deposits is found here. How ancient architecture managed to accumulate, intercept, and modulate VRIL was only the first step of a science which has yet to reach its perfection. The use of radionic tuners (made to entune VRIL and raise virtual structures) is discussed throughout this section of photographs and illustrations.

VRIL COMPENDIUM V - VRIL CONNECTION

The discovery of nerve-induction telephony by Antonio Meucci in 1849 marked the true birth of telephony. In these documents, patents, and articles we read of developments whereby deaf persons could hear directly through the nerveworks of the body. These early attempts to approach true empathic transmission are the basis of systems which Tesla would later advance to a wary scientific public. 

VRIL COMPENDIUM VI - VRIL TELEPHONY

A presentation of nearly every pertinent VRIL transducer of which telephony was comprised. How the human aura and its VRIL threads dendritically merge with the natural VRIL is the central theme here. Every kind of transducer is shown. Presents systems which intensified the VRIL content of telephone lines with no need for electrical power! 

VRIL COMPENDIUM VII - VRIL DENDRITIC GROUND SYSTEMS

A presentation on the earliest unknown wireless researchers: Mahlon Loomis, Nathan Stubblefield, & Dr. Amos Dolbear. This volume chronicles the discovery of natural VRIL power in the earth ... usable power for communications of signal, word, & intent.

VRIL COMPENDIUM VIII - VRIL AND GROUND RADIO

The early trans-aqueous systems of Steinheil (1838) and others. Complete patent collections: ground signalling systems of J. Murgas, Tesla, Rogers, etc. Static-free reception for shortwave afficionadi! Forgotten commercial underground antennas. Magnified radio transmission through geological formations. 

VRIL COMPENDIUM IX - VRIL AND AERIAL RADIO

Aerials not Antennas. Learn the relationship between electro-impulses and VRIL currents. Capacitative systems of enormous size and anomalous operation. Space rays and Ground rays meeting in transmitter components. VLF waveguides, valleys as radio-chutes. Oil-filled tanks as VLF radiators. Electrical architecture and VRIL articulations. Bent-L, Split-T, Split-Y and other huge systems. Tesla, Fessenden, Lodge, Conrad, Butcher, Alexanderson, Squier, Thompson, Hughes, Fortesque, and many now-unknown designers.