Unchained Blades (c) XSEED Games        

Region.........: USA              
Languages.....: English    
Platform.......: PSP              
Format........: .ISO        
Filename.......: pa-ubdon.        
Size..........: 14 x 20 mb  
Disc Serial....: NPUH-10123      
CRC32.........: 7BD74A90    

Unchained Blades follows the story of the dragon emperor,
Fang, who after being stripped of his powers by the
goddess Clunea, embarks on a journey for revenge and to
regain his true form. Arrogant and vengeful, Fang is
joined in his quest by a cowardly golem prince, a shy
medusa priestess, a young phoenix clan maiden, and many
other mythical beings seeking to meet with the goddess.  

Due to the collaborative nature of the game's design,  
each of the 13 main characters was created by a different
artist. The main character Fang was designed by Pako,    
most famous for his work on the Shining Force series,  
while other characters were fashioned by artists such as  
Toshiyuki Kubooka (Lunar), Shinichiro Otsuka (Summon        
Night), and Kazushi Hagiwara (Bastard!!), to name a few.    
As such, each character has its own distinct and  
signature style.                                        

In Unchained Blades, players journey through the game
with a party of up to four characters, moving through    
dungeons in a first-person perspective and engaging in  
turn-based combat along the way. Using the game's unique
"Unchain" system while in battle, players are able to try  
and convince monsters to follow them. If they are    
successful in using the Unchain system, the enemy monster  
will then join their party and help them in the future by
blocking attacks or supplying players with special    
offensive abilities. Each character in the player's four    
person party can hold up to four "followers", ensuring  
plenty of combat variety. The game has also been    
completely redubbed with new English voice-overs and    
boasts over 60 hours of gameplay.                  
 
http://www.xseedgames.com/news.php?id=149
