Recently, Anonymous hacked and posted to the network business correspondence OUR youth leaders (Yakimenko, Potupchik), as well as officials (Khorokhordina, cast iron). Content from the sick, explained the hackers.
/ Op_Russia
rumol-leaks.livejournal.com /
lj.rossia.org / users / kremlingate // op_russia/ public_op_russia
www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/feb/07/putin-hacked-emails-russian-nashi
horohordin.livejournal.com /
ultrazashkvar.livejournal.com /
karasique.livejournal.com /




Pro-Kremlin Party-Correspondence. Leaks by Anonymous (Russia)


Hackers of the Anonymous group was subjected to DDoS-attack site of the Moscow regional branch of the regional party "United Russia". Information about this appeared in the microblog groups. Hackers have explained their actions by the fact that the United Russia party sites' content so that the sick. "

In fact, the site has long been unavailable at the time of this writing, he has worked with large faults. Also for this reason can not be opened and the site of the Moscow city branch of the party.
Neither the police nor the United Russia itself has not yet made official comments.

- Hackers are working instead of MIA, "Kommersant" has received evidence of a criminal offense "Ours"

"Er-region.ru is down! ... I think that this site even more than normal will not work", - said the "Anonymus".

"Well, we have to admit that the server they are very cool, though, and MS Windows is there," - adds another message.

It became known yesterday that the group Anonymous hacked the old site of Kaluga Branch of the EP and posted there his manifesto. (Here's how it looks, look through the cache Google.)

Well, first of this group of anonymous hackers hacked e-mail has a number of officials, including the head Vasily Yakimenko Rosmolodezh, his press secretary Kristina Potupchik, an official of the presidential administration Oleg Khorokhordina and others. Archives of letters actively disseminated on the web. The "Twitter", which are sorted and discussed the letter has been about fifteen hundred members. Twitter @ Op_Russia, where hackers publish news and media reports about himself, reading almost 10,000 subscribers.

Thus Anonymous complain that DDoS-attack resources are, where laid scandalous correspondence.

"There was a DDoS lj.rossia.org because calculations at lj.rossia.org / users / kremlingate. Intensity sufficient to block it, the duration from 7 to 8 February. Now there is a DDoS on livejournal.com because calculations rumol- leaks and ultrazashkvar. In addition, for three days is an attack on the exchanger pirate bay - bayfiles.com. Above all, the second day there are attacks on the 2ch boards and others, "- the" Gazeta.ru "members of Anonymous.

The actions of hackers and "fried" from the facts laid out by the correspondence discussed in the blogosphere, including the journals of top bloggers. The journalist, "Kommersant" Oleg Kashin in his radiokolonke said, without fear of exaggeration, "unfolds before our eyes the most serious political scandal at least the past twelve years." It is not Watergate, but WikiLeaks.

Kashin stipulates that even if a compromised mail is evidence of crimes, even if it were true a hundred times, everything that happens - a criminal offense. Until now, victims of such crimes became only the opposition, and on this occasion at all, "man of good will" no moral anguish could not be - hackers should be condemned, no need to read the mail, and generally talk about it not worth it.

Now, however, said Cashin, victims of crime have become functionaries of the non-transparent government agency, which enjoys very bad reputation. And accept the contents of the box as full cracked proof - it means to legitimize the activities of hackers, who, no matter how noble it is in this case may be, still does not become legal.