Follow my uploads here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Battery Widget+ is a donate version of Battery Widget. In addition to all features in the free version, Battery Widget+ supports StylePack, which provides extra styles for battery level indicator icons.

Battery Widget is an elegant 1x1 widget which shows you the battery level on your home screen, with some nice animation when charging. Tapping on it will show more battery information with a shortcut to view battery use.

In case you don't have enough space in your home screen, a clear battery level indicator is available on status bar so that you can see it even when you are browsing the web or sending text messages. It can be configured to show in 3 different colors to reflect high/medium/low battery levels. You can also define your own alerts, so that Battery Widget will automatically notify you about battery status changes.

Battery Widget will not drain your battery, as it does only what it needs to do. When the device is idle, it is not listening to any battery information updates from the system if there are no active alerts. If there are active alerts, it just does minimal job to check if it needs to notify you and nothing more - it does not update any visible components when the handset is not in use. With this mechanism, Battery Widget consumes only little computation power and battery.

Available in multiple languages: English, Chinese (Traditional), Chinese (Simplified), Japanese, Korean, Spanish, Russian, Greek, Italian, Hungarian, Estonian, Turkish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese and Polish.
Please email me if you could help me with localizing Battery Widget.

Features:

    Battery level indicator on status bar, showing in different colors in 3 configurable level ranges
    Alerts for various battery statuses
    Time information when device is plugged/unplugged
    Option to disable charging animation
    Option to show temperature in Fahrenheit
    Various indicator icon styles

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 19, 2012 )

    Support for app language selection
    Hiding invalid voltage level reported by system
    Ukrainian language support
   

Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                By bobiras2009		