Kaspersky Mobile Security - the perfect solution from a leading Russian developer to protect your Google Phone! Protects your smartphone from malware and fraudulent applications, filter unwanted calls and SMS, in case of theft devices can block it and to determine its location, as well as allows you to hide the private history of calls and SMS messages.

Anti-Theft
If your phone is lost or stolen, you can remotely lock it, make your data inaccessible to outsiders. It is enough to send SMS with a password to your room. If necessary, you can also delete the data on your phone, sending a special SMS.
NEW For remote lock on the device's screen appears on how to return the device to its owner. With the technology of GPS Search, you can determine where your phone is. In response to a special SMS you will receive a link showing the location of the smartphone on the map Google Maps. Change the SIM-card on the smartphone - the first idea thief. SIM Smartphone Control automatically blocks when changing SIM-cards and quietly inform the present owner, a new phone number.

Personal Contacts
You can mark certain contacts or phone numbers as 'personal' - and with one click to hide all that applies to them (entries in the phonebook, SMS, information on calls). While your phone is locked - they can take advantage of others, but they will not see what you want to keep a secret.
Support contacts from the phone memory and SIM-card with
The hardware "Privacy Protection" is password protected

Filter calls and SMS
Detach from the cases at trifles, or at the wrong time? Receive calls and messages from the right people! Filter calls and SMS can run in whitelist mode (only accepting calls and messages from specified contacts) or in blacklist mode (accepting calls and messages from all numbers except those).

Parental Control
Mounted on a child's phone, Kaspersky Mobile Security can block calls and SMS (for example, premium rate numbers, services, "adult", etc.). And thanks to the GPS Search, you can always know where your child.

Anti-Virus and Firewall
All you need to protect your smartphone: Check for viruses in real-time anti-virus running on-demand and scheduled automatic updates, blocking of dangerous network connections in accordance with one of the security level.
