Follow my uploads here:                     
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                      
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

CaroO Pro Driving Recorder supports full pack of features including driving video recorder, video event recorder (aka vehicle blackbox) with collision detection, driving track recorder with GPS function, and car-diagnosis and monitoring with OBD-II device. You can use video event recorder function and car-monitoring function separately or together.

Smart and Safe Driving with CaroO Pro Driving Recorder! 

You can check and save real-time vehicle data, trouble codes while you drive as well as high-quality video with your track. All these saved data will greatly help you in emergency situation like car accident, malfunction or breakdown.

CaroO Pro Driving Recorder will be your smart and reliable safety guard while you drive. Enjoy your drive with CaroO Pro Driving Recorder!

Special Offer Now!
In order to celebrate worldwide release, we give a special offer of $2.2, half of normal price, for a month. From October 15, the prices will be back to the normal price, $4.4. DonΓÇÖt miss this special offer!

Features:

Video Event Recorder
CaroO Pro Driving Recorder records full time video with recycling storage and with automatic or manual detection of emergency, event video files are separately saved. These event video files will be protected and not be deleted automatically.

    Background record supporting ICS and Jelly Bean devices even under sleep mode
    Normal video files with cyclic memory management
    Separate event video files when an event is detected (Automatic/Manual)
    Auto-adjust video quality (640x480, 720x480 or 1280x720)
    No audio data included because of the possible privacy issues
    Auto-detect external SD card for storage
    Record tracks using GPS data 
    Display your current location and track on Google Map


Officially certified devices include:

    Samsung Galaxy S2, S3 and Note series (Android 4.0 or higher)
    Google Galaxy Nexus (Android 4.0 or higher)
    LG Optimus series (Android 4.0 or higher)
    HTC Sensation, EVO 4G, One series (Android 4.0 or higher)

More devices will be added soon including Motorola Droid RAZR Series, etc.

Language: English, Japanese, Korean

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


                                By bobiras2009		
