                                    By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android v2.1+
Overview: GO Locker,design to GO Launcher EX is the most simple locker for Android!




Notice!!!
The lastest version has been mistaken for malware by 'Avast! Mobile Security'.
We promise there is no Trojans in GO Locker.
And we are trying to communicate with 'Avast!' to fix this problem.
Users can enjoy GO Locker as usual without unsafe factors.Thanks!
GO Dev Team

Big News!!! GO Locker Theme Template has released!
Now you can try to make your own GO Locker theme and share to others.
Click: 
http://golauncher.goforandroid.com/2012 ... -released/
to know more!

Notice! Here comes the version of GO Locker.

====Features:
1. Cool Locker Screen that makes your phone outstanding;
2. Good compatibility with GO Launcher EX and it is stable;
3. Easy to use;
4. Able to activate phone, SMS and Camera directly or you can change the slider shortcuts yourself;
5. Various of Locker Themes to match your style;
6. Support customise wallpaper;
7. Security locker;
8. Emergency unlock enabled;


====Tips:
1. Make sure GO Launcher EX V2.58 or above has been installed;
2. Click “MENU—-Preferences—-Theme Settings—-GO Locker” to use it after installed;
3. Click “My locker” to preview and Download more Locker themes;

Please let me know if you meet any bugs or want any improvement!
E-mail: golauncher@goforandroid.com

What's in this version:
V1.36
1.(New) GO music player(GO Locker settings—>Music controller—>GO music player，some themes may not compatible)
2.(Improve) User experience
3.(Fix) Some FC bugs

Notice!!!
The lastest version may be mistaken for malware by 'Avast! Mobile Security'.
We promise there is no Trojans in GO Locker.
We are trying to communicate with 'Avast!' to fix this problem.
GO Dev Team

No Ads



                                    By bobiras2009	