Faces of War is a game of real-time tactics giving players the thrill of leading a squad into open battlegrounds and experiencing the intensity of chaotic WWII battles.

Historical WWII campaigns
By commanding American, English, Soviet and German troops during world-renowned battles including D-Day, winter missions and the storming of Berlin, players will experience the intense atmosphere of World War II thanks to detailed reproductions of environments, military gear, vehicles and weapons.

Player Initiative is Key
Players will freely control historical battles by leading a squad of 6 soldiers. Based on the player's tactical decisions, advanced AI and realistic physics (where anything can be destroyed) no two battles will ever play out in the same way.

Cunning and complex A.I. Tactics
Allow players to gain full control of units on one hand and to concentrate on more strategic aspects on the other. AI controlled soldiers don't simply execute any order given by a player, they think how to do it in the most efficient and safe way. All human units in the game also possess moral characteristics which are influenced by many in-game events.

Unique Best Way 3D Engine
Pushes the threshold of action RTS gaming by supporting modern graphical technologies (bump mapping, per-pixel lighting, specular lighting, bloom effect, etc.), high resolution and realistic game world, cinematographic special effects and realistic physics.

Multiplayer Combat
Up to 16 Players. More than 8 multiplayer modes including Free-for-All, Team-Match and cooperative game modes.


Extract Archive To Any Desired Directory With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........


NO INSTALL JUST EXTRACT AND PLAY

Start Game With "facesofwar.exe"


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED

djDEVASTATEâ


Minimum System Requirements
System:
Pentium IV 2.0 GHz or equivalent
RAM:
512 MB
Video Memory:
64 MB
Hard Drive Space:
2500 MB

Recommended System Requirements


System:
Pentium IV 3.0 GHz or equivalent
RAM:
1024 MB
Video Memory:
128 MB

Xp/7