History Channel - Ice Pilots: Season Two (2011)



Information
Ice Pilots: Season Two
Ice Pilots is back. The hit docu-series following the adventures of renegade Buffalo Airways returns for a second season of nail-biting challenges and compelling stories, featuring the pilots and crew who put it all on the line flying vintage warplanes across the Arctic. Our favourite faces and some new rookies show up for another season of thrills, chills, laughter and their most personal stories yet.


	
History Channel - Ice Pilots: Season Two (2011)



Information
Ice Pilots: Season Two
Ice Pilots is back. The hit docu-series following the adventures of renegade Buffalo Airways returns for a second season of nail-biting challenges and compelling stories, featuring the pilots and crew who put it all on the line flying vintage warplanes across the Arctic. Our favourite faces and some new rookies show up for another season of thrills, chills, laughter and their most personal stories yet.

Part 1: Frozen Four
As Joe fights a Transport Canada claim against the airline, star pilot Justin is tasked with shipping an 8,000lb generator to a remote town. But a controversial decision results in the DC-4 becoming stranded and frozen solid on a High Arctic airstrip. Now Justin must find a way to thaw the plane and complete the mission – or face the wrath of an already stressed out boss.


Part 2: Fire and Ice
When a deadly fire destroys a northern outpost a week before Christmas, Buffalo puts everything aside to come to the rescue. Cargo Manager Kelly receives a shocking diagnosis that renews her fight to quit smoking. And new father AJ balances a captain’s life with new responsibilities.




Part 3: Under Pressure
The curse of -40 hits Buffalo pilots Devan and Scott on a food mail flight up the Mackenzie Valley when a mysterious rise in oil pressure threatens to destroy one of the C-46’s engines. Rookie pilots Andrew and Graeme face the test they’ve been working toward for years – getting “checked out” as DC-3 co-pilots. And when Jynelle gets pulled back into running Buffalo’s cargo operations during her school exams, it’s a recipe for a meltdown.


Part 4: The Right Stuff
Mikey goes on a treasure hunt to Venezuela for a rare CL-215 waterbomber. Cargo Manager Kelly’s stress levels hit a new high when she returns from her Mexican vacation in even worse health than when she left. And new pilots Andrew and Graeme face the toughest test of their young careers – flying with irascible Buffalo boss Joe McBryan.


Part 5: The River Lift
A vital ferry link is down, so Buffalo mounts an all-out campaign to airlift 100,000lbs of essential goods across the Mackenzie River. As Devan and Scott shuttle goods nonstop, things really pile up for Jynelle in cargo. Meanwhile, Justin helps an RCMP corporal move to a new community, and expectant parents Rod and Sasha McBryan get the first glimpse of their baby via 3D ultrasound.


Part 6: Dont Muck with Chuck
Crusty mechanic Chuck leads the scramble to ready the Electra for a disaster relief mission in Haiti, but fate’s curveball sends them to the High Arctic instead. As Buffalo’s current crop of rampies struggles to get ahead, former flight attendant Audrey returns to shake up the roster.


Part 7: The Finish Line
A multi-stop mission to the Far North has Devan, Scott and Adam facing a series of white-knuckle obstacles. From an oil-spewing engine on one plane to a gas-guzzling engine on another, it’s an ongoing battle to maintain fluid levels as they circuit their destinations. Add Joe’s wrath to the mix and it’s a mettle-testing journey they won’t soon forget. Meanwhile, Audrey’s northern adventure escorting a team of dog mushers to the 2010 Arctic Winter Games puts her in the driver’s seat in a way she didn’t expect.

Technical Specs
Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 1789 kbps
Video Resolution: 832x480
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.733 (16.9)
Frames Per Second: 25
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3)
Audio Bitrate: 48000Hz 448 kb/s tot , 6 chnls (3/2 .1)
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: English
RunTime Per Part: 45.Mins
Number Of Parts: 13
Part Size: 701 MB
Encoded by Harry65
Source: DVD