N.O.V.A. 3 - Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance
Description
“If you're an iOS gamer who demands the very best, you should buy N.O.V.A. 3.” - Slidetoplay
“N.O.V.A. 3 looks, and sounds streets-ahead of anything else on the AppStore right now” - Touchgen 5/5 
“NOVA 3 is bigger and better than its predecessors, not to mention a visual feast” - KnowYourMobile – 4.5/5 

The most immersive and impressive sci-fi FPS franchise on smartphones is back! Fight for mankind's survival in the greatest space shooter on mobile devices!

Four months have passed since Kal ruined the Volterites' plans by sabotaging their war factories, and stopping the extraction of the Judger Artifacts. However, following the assassination of President Folsom, the government surrendered the colonies to the Volterite Protectorate in order to prevent civil war between the increasingly pro-Volterite citizens.
Kal Wardin has been laying low since Folsom’s death, nut now he has received a desperate plea from Yelena to come to Earth. Once again, the hero must rise to save mankind!

• An epic storyline: Humanity finally returns to Earth after years of exile! Fight in 10 immersive levels across the galaxy, from a war-torn Earth to a frozen Volterite city.
• Multiple weapons and powers: Run, shoot, drive vehicles, and pilot a mech to defeat hordes of enemies.
• Join 12-player battles in 6 multiplayer modes (Capture the Point, Free-for-All, Capture the Flag, etc.) on 6 different maps. 
• For the first time, multiple allies can jump inside the same vehicle and spread destruction on the battlefield.
• Discover the new FPS benchmark for graphics and gameplay on iOS (real-time shadow & lights, particle system, ragdoll physics, etc.)

----

Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.com
Follow us on Twitter ator like us on Facebook atto get more info about all our upcoming titles.
Check out our videos and game trailers on
Discover our blog at http://blog.gameloft.com/ for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.
... Show More
What's new in Version 1.0.1
Only for the New iPad: possibility to choose between higher resolution or improved visual effects
Performances improved, especially on the low devices 
Button to customize the interface more accessible
Minor bug fix