

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 97 - Six The Mark Unleashed


POtHS says: Very very Good.

Description:

End Times Thriller starring Stephen Baldwin

Crown Award Winner Best Drama over $250,000 (Silver)

Crown Award Winner Best Screenplay (Bronze)

In the last days before Armageddon, a brutal dictator rules Earth. Using high-tech surveillance from satellites through a sophisticated chip implant, the Community Police Force infiltrates every facet of human existence, tracing each physical and digital footprint left behind.

For humanity, freedom is just a fond memory and defiance means death. Two political prisoners (David White, Kevin Downes) meet a mysterious stranger (Stephen Baldwin) who holds the key to their escape and mankindΓÇÖs survival. Unbeknownst to the prisoners, CPF agents broker a deal with an inmate (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) for his life in exchange for betraying Christian renegades.

These three unlikely allies must escape the executionerΓÇÖs blade, thwart a manhunt by elite CPF operatives (Amy Moon, Brad Heller) and join forces with the worldΓÇÖs most wanted fugitive: the leader of the resistance (Cosimo Michael). If they fail, humanity will be marked for death, the resistance will collapse and the enemy will have taken every last life.

Starring: Stephen Baldwin, David White, Kevin Downes, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Amy Moon, Brad Heller and Cosimo Michael.

Debuted at #6 On The CBA Best Sellers List

"An entertaining movie and a useful tool for leading people to consider the claims of the Gospel."
- Ted Baehr, MOVIEGUIDE┬«

"The power of the gospel to transform the lives of the characters is shown with deeply moving reality. So real is the presentation of the plan of salvation in this movie, the viewer will be left without excuse."
- Pastor John Hagee, Global Evangelism Television

"Both Rexella and I believe this to be the greatest religious release we have ever watched. I know you will be tremendously moved as never before when viewing this Holy Spirit led production."
- Dr. Jack Van Impe, President of JVI International


These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
