13 sees the band moving further away from their Britpop past into more cerebral and denser musical territory. Some of the songs, however, are evocative of songs from their previous efforts, such as "Bugman", "Coffee & TV", "1992" and "Optigan 1". The album is in the style of a loose concept album, much like other Blur albums, in this case about life and relationships. Much of the album was inspired by Damon Albarn's breakup with Elastica singer Justine Frischmann. Two of the singles, "Tender" and "No Distance Left to Run", describe Albarn's love for Frischmann and his struggle to move on. It is named after the band's recording studio, as well as the number of tracks on the album (bar the hidden tracks). It is also their first album without longtime producer Stephen Street, instead recorded with electronic producer William Orbit. The cover is a portion of an oil painting by Graham Coxon called Apprentice. The album's singles also have cover art by Coxon. The numbers 1 and 3 have been painted so they also form the letter 'B' - presumably for 'Blur'. This was not present on the original Apprentice, nor was the "shine" on the figure's head, which appears on 13. These additions were made long after the original Apprentice, which was painted in 1996. The band's logo does not appear on the album in any form, aside from a sticker on the CD packaging.

The album was seen by many as a highly experimental work yet the critical response was generally positive. Of the reviews collected from notable publications by popular review aggregator website Metacritic, the album holds an overall approval rating of 79%.[8] The music video for the hit single "Coffee & TV" cemented Blur's reputation as a cult band in the U.S. with its protagonist Milky. The video gained heavy airplay on many modern rock channels in America. 13 was also nominated to the 1999 Mercury Prize award and has received accolades from music critics, which ranks it among the greatest albums of the 90s, according to Acclaimed Music. Some of these can be found below.[9][10]
Many publications have sinced hailed the album as a "lost classic"

Song List:

"Tender" – 7:40
"Bugman" – 4:47
"Coffee & TV" – 5:58
"Swamp Song" – 4:36
"1992" – 5:29
"B.L.U.R.E.M.I." – 2:52
"Battle" – 7:43
"Mellow Song" – 3:56
"Trailerpark" – 4:26
"Caramel" – 7:38
"Trimm Trabb" – 5:37
"No Distance Left to Run" – 3:27
"Optigan 1" – 2:34