Sword of the Stars II Enhanced Edition-SKIDROW [EtGamez]


S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Sword of the Stars II Enhanced Edition (c) Paradox Interactive

30-11-2012......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
Strategy/RTS.......Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

The Enhanced Edition contains Sword of the Stars II: The Lords of
Winter and the first expansion, the End of Flesh. The new expansion
introduces the new playable race, the Loa. All previous DLCs containing
new avatars, new combat music, alternate voices, skins, and new badges
for the warships are also included.

Customize your own starships, amass your fleet, explore the outer
reaches of the galaxy and expand your empire. Research new alien
technologies and bring them into battle with  a mix of turn-based
strategy and real-time skirmishes.

Now a new Faction bursts onto the scene, a race of Artificial
Intelligence who once served as slaves and now return seeking
vengeance. Playing as the Loa, your Fleets will become masters of
metamorphosis, shape-shifting into new forms to become the ships you
need, where you need them. Durable and hardy, your colonies can be
built on any rocky planet. Building an empire of silicon and steel,
you will bring your former masters to their kneesor will you bring
about the End of Flesh.

Features:

Play as the Loa, with over 120 new ship sections and their own unique
drive system - the Neutrino Pulse Gate

Over 25 additional technologies, including a new Cybernetic Tech Tree

10 new weapons and attacks to use in battle

New ship sections for the original six Factions, including 2 new
Leviathan class vessels

2 new Independent Races to encounter, study and incorporate into your
empire

New Random Encounters, a new Grand Menace, and new Star Maps

New Evacuation Mission, and Supplemental Mission system allowing
players to focus on the Target or the Fleet

All Race DLCs: Suulka, Liir, Morrigi, Hiver, SolForce, Zuul and Tarka

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups