About the Game
The Portsmouth Direct Line Expansion Pack is a recreation of the 49-mile railway line between Woking and Portsmouth Harbour via Guildford. Based on the line as it appeared between 2000 and the present day, this expansion pack includes the Class 450 electric multiple unit (a very familiar sight on the line) and faithful representations of all 16 stations along the route. The Portsmouth Direct Line runs through busy urban centres, suburbs and rural areas as it makes its way from Woking in Surrey across the North and South Downs to the historic naval town of Portsmouth on the South Coast.

The line was first begun in 1845, at which time the steep gradients of the Downs between Guildford and Petersfield proved a struggle for steam traction. Journey times improved with the electrification of the line in 1937, and by the late 2000s the third-rail 750-volt DC line was served predominantly by Class 444 and Class 450 EMUs. The Class 450 EMU included with the Portsmouth Direct Line is closely modeled on the real Siemens-built Class 450 Desiro units which entered service in 2003, and features accurate controls and sound effects, plus realistic details including matrix destination displays, independent left and right door controls and more.

Includes:
Class 450 Desiro electric multiple unit (EMU)

Portsmouth Direct Line 49-mile route from Woking to Portsmouth Harbour 10 scenarios:

Introduction to Portsmouth Direct Line:

It is your first day on the Portsmouth Direct Line and you are being shadowed by a veteran driver. As you drive the line, performing passenger stops at the major stations just before rush hour, he will offer driving tips and information about the surrounding towns and areas of interest.

End of Days:

Its the end of a good days work. Take a unit on its final leg to Portsmouth Harbour, before working back to Fratton Depot.

Chop and Change:

Not all services are straight forward end to end runs. Shunt into Woking Platform 1 before commencing a south bound service to Havant. At Guildford, detact the rear portion of the train. At Havant, attach to the waiting train and then head onto Fratton. Once loading is complete at Fratton, shunt the entire train into the yard.

Halfway Haslemere:

Haslemere is a key turn back point along the line. Run a return service from Guildford to Haslemere, observing the tight timings of surrounding services.

Hightail to the Harbour:

Join an 8-car Class 450 at Woking, on its way to Portsmouth Harbour. This is a semi-fast service so you'll only be calling at principle stations along the route.

Holybourne Tanks:

A weekly delivery of fuel oil is made to the industries of the Water Cress Valley near Alton in north Hampshire. Pilot todays service from the southern town of Havant, north through Guildford, and on to the terminal at Holybourne.

Saturday Shunt:

Take a 4-car Class 450 unit from Woking to Guildford to be used for the Ascot Shuttle Petersfield Shuffle:

Engineering works on the line mean trains can only work as far as Petersfield. Operate a Sunday service as far as the blockage before turning back south for the return journey.

Southern Rail Tour:

Operate a summer Saturday rail tour headed by an LMS Black5 steam locomotives to Portsmouth Harbour. Despite it being the weekend, the mainline remains a busy place. You may be required to let faster trains pass, or be delayed behind the many commuter services that operate. Do your best to get to the coast on time.

Working to Woking:

An all stops service from Portsmouth and Southsea to Waterloo. Another driver will relieve you at Woking station for the final leg along the Southern Mainline into the Capital.

Please Visit: http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/ for instructions on how to install.