POtHS 2 - Bible Study - Part 61 - The Truth About A Wonderful Lie


POtHS Comments on This one: No Info


Description:

Sermons by C. D. Brooks:
Charles D. Brooks served as the original speaker for Breath of Life Ministry from 1975 - 1998. Brooks officially retired in 1998 but is still a widely sought after speaker for events and chruches. He held his first campaign in the early 1950s, while a pastor in Columbus, Ohio. Brooks became a full-time evangelist for the Columbia Union Conference.

In the summer of 1964 he led a major campaign in a large tent in Philadelphia during the ΓÇ£long, hot summerΓÇ¥ of urban rioting, defied a plea from the mayor to shut down and still baptized nearly 300 people. He was elected an associate secretary of the General Conference Ministerial Association and from that platform has fearlessly preached the Advent message around the globe. There are a number of Breath of Life congregations, church plants resulting from evangelism campaigns conducted by Brooks.

Featured C.D. Brooks sermons include:
The Truth About A Wonderful Lie
CD Brooks - The New Testament Sabbath (1978)
CD Brooks - Who changed the Sabbath  (1978)
CD Brooks on the Seventh-day Sabbath - YouTube

Shorts
Signs of the Times
SIN-ister Clips
The Holy Spirit

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

More Torrents in this series atALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 13 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.
