Yoga Journal - September 2012 (USA)
English | PDF | 108 pages | 35 mb

Yoga Journal is an American based media company that publishes a magazine, a website, DVDs, and puts on conferences all devoted to yoga, food and nutrition, fitness, wellness, and fashion and beauty.

On the cover
66 3 simple poses to ease low-back pain
37 5 foods you should add to your morning smoothie
44 Only have 2 minutes? A yoga practice that works
63 Cultivate confidence: 16-pose flow, with FREE music download
53 6 steps to relieve anxiety
72 How yoga helped singer India.Arie find her voice

Features
66 PlRlFORMlS PRIMER
The surprising key to soothing sciatica and lower back pain is a muscle you may have never heard of. by Keller
72 WHAT YOU SING MATTERS!
Meet five artists whose yoga practice fortifies their passion for making music with a message. by Neal Pollack & Mary Bolster
78 SOUNDS DIVINE
Musical trend-setters have long woven kirtan into their groove. Join us on a journey through the colorful intersections of sacred chant and pop music. by Shannon Sexton & Katherine Rae

Yoga lifestyle
23 OM
Bringing your practice to life with 4 yoga dance parties; an interview with MC Yogi; a 24-hour yoga relay; gluten-free snacks; memory-boosting exercise.
37 EATING WISELY
Build a better smoothie Look beyond fruit to greens and other vital nutrients for a tasty, healthy meal on the go. by Matthew Kadey, MS, RD
89 REVIEWS
New books, CDs, and DVDs, including a Q&A with kirtan artist C.C. White; yoga and songs for kids; the latest from Ben Leinbach; yoga for seniors.

Practice
44 BASICS Downward -facing dog pose by Annie Carpenter
63 HOME PRACTICE WITH ALANNA KAIVALYA
Get into your groove and let the music move you through this confidenceboosting flow practice.
82 ALIGN + REFINE
Great turnout Create a stable base to build a stronger, more satisfying standing twist. by Jason Crandell

Inspiration
53 1 WISDOM Untangling anxiety Understanding the roots of your anxiety can help you find ways to tame it. by Sally Kempton
104 1 YOGA SCENE High and mighty A reader finds strong focus in a very public place.