[DDFBusty] Eva Notty (Her Knockers are a Knockout! / 26.09.2012)

We’re all in for a big treat today as the incredible Eva Notty and her knockout knockers have an encounter with Choky Ice. Our
bespectacled hero seems to peddling something door-to-door. Happily, he is greeted by the boobilicious Eva in her living room and his success seems
assured! Although initially flustered not only by her gorgeous face and cleavage but by her teasing, he soon regains his composure and slides his
hands down her blouse, encompassing those 34J melons in his mitts. True, her boobs are held up by her lacy crimson boulder-holder, but they quickly
hit the air as Eva feeds them into his mouth and presses his face between them. Eva’s smile with that rack is truly a marvelous combination! And soon
she places Choky's cock between her cleavage before sliding the shaft into her mouth. She gets on her knees to blow him, and our DDF cameras shoot up
as her udders shake and jiggle with her moves. Always we keep those torpedos in view as Eva leans over to take Choky from behind, and then she sits
down on his cock to do him reverse cowgirl style. She lifts up her hands to hold her long beautiful hair, and shows us her sexy smooth armpits too.
Eva sucks on her nipples, then lays down next to Choky to take him in her pussy spoon-style, which of course keeps her American knobs in full view of
all us horny spectators! Eva has a remarkable quality as a model: her friendly expressions at us as she leans over and tit-fucks Choky really pull us
into her erotic orbit. It’s almost as if she truly is pleasuring his cock as a way to symbolically savor all of ours! When she sits down on his rod
again for cowgirl style, this time she’s facing him, so she can feed her jugs into his lips. Then she’s on her back once more to take his dick in her
pussy and between her bells, finally tugging out his huge load all over her chest and neck. Then, of course, she signs up for whatever Choky is
selling! Talk about making a smash success--he got a double commission with those cantaloupes!!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=7tmjf699obe7eejaeuro.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=cl2pwaclrhox5ukz5eg6.jpg