This is possibly Olinka's best film, and among the best of all French adult movies. Some misfortune results in Olinka becoming a prostitute in a fancy French brothel, run by Dominique Saint Claire with the help of Gabriel Pontello. When she falls in love with a young client (André Kay), she plans her escape.
That's the plot, what there is of it, but what make this a great hardcore film are the little touches. The tone is fun, but when the denizens of the brothel throw an all-out orgy it is perversion central.
The most effective sequence is the daily exercise run, which Gabriel uses together with floor exercises to keep the girls fit. The entire staff of girls go jogging, with the incentive that last girl back gets butt-fucked on the massage table (while all the other girls gather around to watch and jungle music plays on the soundtrack). The gorgeous blonde who always comes in last (Marianne Aubert ) straggles on purpose. Olinka turns to the Madame and says "That's not a very good punishment -- I think she likes it." The Madame responds "I know, but most of the girls don't."
We would cite this silly sequence as quintessential light French adult film-making -- a narrative set-up that provides some emotional setting for the sex, effective use of music, a theme of domination with real emotional/sexual impact, but without any sense of abuse or meanness (presented as play-acting that serves the desires of both participants), well-photographed attractive close-ups mixed with acting and dialogue that is about all the sex.

Scene Breakdowns:
Scene 1. Diane Suresne, Laura Clair, Alban Ceray
Scene 2. Dominique Saint Claire, Olinka
Scene 3. Olinka, Alban Ceray
Scene 4. Dominique Saint Claire, Gerard Gregory, guy
Scene 5. 2 girls, Diane Suresne, Marianne Aubert, Gabriel Pontello
Scene 6. Olinka, Andre Kay
Scene 7. 4 girls, Diane Suresne, Dominique Saint Claire, 4 guys, Alban Ceray, Gabriel Pontello
Scene 8. 2 girls, guy
Scene 9. Olinka, Andre Kay

Screens: 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=9i30jozw2apj6w8djdyw.jpg
 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=7wnw0cu4x6dvxf6nfgxh.jpg