Sylvester J. Pussycat, Sr., Sylvester the Cat or simply Sylvester, or Puddy Tat, is a
fictional character, a three-time Academy Award-winning anthropomorphic Tuxedo cat in
the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies repertory, often chasing Tweety Bird,
Speedy Gonzales, or Hippety Hopper. The name 'Sylvester' is a play on Felis silvestris,
the scientific name for the wild cat species (domestic cats like Sylvester, though,
are actually Felis catus). The character debuted in Friz Freleng's Life With Feathers
(1945). Freleng's 1947 cartoon Tweetie Pie was the first pairing of Tweety with Sylvester,
and the Bob Clampett-directed Kitty Kornered (1946) was Sylvester's first pairing with
Porky Pig. Sylvester appeared in 103 cartoons in the golden age.
Sylvester was #33 on TV Guide's list of top 50 best cartoon characters, together
with Tweety.


Tweety Bird (also known as Tweety Pie or simply Tweety) is a fictional Yellow Canary
in the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of animated cartoons.
The name 'Tweety' is a play on words, as it originally meant 'sweetie', along with
"tweet" being a typical English onomatopoeia for the sounds of birds.
His characteristics are based on Red Skelton famous 'Mean Widdle Kid'.
Tweety appeared in 49 cartoons in the Golden Age.
Despite the perceptions that people may hold, owing to the long lashes and high
pitched voice of Tweety, Tweety is male. This was established several times in
the series 'Sylvester and Tweety Mysteries'. It was also confirmed toward the end
of Snow Business when Granny exclaimed to Tweety and Sylvester, 'Here I am, boys!'
On the other hand, a 1951 episode was entitled 'Ain't She Tweet'. Also, his species
is ambiguous; although originally and often portrayed as a young canary, he is also
frequently called a rare and valuable 'tweety bird' as a plot device, and once called
'the only living specimen'. Nevertheless, the title song directly states that the
bird is a canary. His shape more closely suggests that of a baby bird, which in
fact is what he was during his early appearances (although the 'baby bird' aspect
has been used in a few later cartoons as a plot device). The yellow feathers were
added but otherwise he retained the baby-bird shape.


PLEASE SEED WHEN DONE DOWNLOADING!!!!

MORE TO COME!!!