Description
City Beneath the Waves: Pavlopetri
DURATION: 01:53
Just off the southern coast of mainland Greece lies the oldest submerged city in the world. A city that thrived for 2000 years during the time that saw the birth of Western civilisation. An international team of experts uses the latest technology to investigate the site and digitally raise it from the seabed, to reveal the secrets of Pavlopetri. 

Led by underwater archaeologist Dr Jon Henderson, the team use the latest in cutting-edge science and technology to prise age-old secrets from the complex of streets and stone buildings that lie less than five metres below the surface. State-of-the-art CGI helps to raise the city from the seabed revealing, for the first time in 3,500 years, how Pavlopetri would once have looked and operated. 

Jon Henderson is leading this ground-breaking project in collaboration with a team from the Hellenic Ministry of Culture, and Nic Flemming, the man whose hunch led to the intriguing discovery of Pavlopetri in 1967. Also working alongside the archaeologists are a team from the Australian Centre for Field Robotics, who aim to take underwater archaeology into the 21st century. 

The team scour the sea floor for any artefacts that have eroded from the sands. The site is littered with thousands of fragments, each providing valuable clues to the everyday lives of the people of Pavlopetri. From the buildings to the trade goods to the everyday tableware, every artefact provides a window into a long-forgotten world. 

Together these precious relics provide us with a unique insight into a time when Pavlopetri would have been at its height, showing us what life was like in this distant age and revealing how this city marks the start of Western civilisation.

Credits
Narrator
Philip Glenister
Participant
Jon Henderson
Director
Paul Olding
Producer
Paul Olding
Executive Producer
Gary Hunter

Format : Matroska at 4261 Kbps
Length : 2 GiB for 58mn 49s 40ms

Video #0 : AVC
Aspect : 1280 x 720 (1.778) at 25.000 fps

Audio #0 : AAC
Infos : 2 channels, 48.0 KHz

Text #0 : UTF-8
Language : gre

Text #1 : UTF-8