Hi

I created this torrent to highlight the astounding array of work of a certain House music Producer.  His name is Joey Moskowitz.

This torrent contains both full length unreleased tracks plus 30 second samples of tracks that have been released (and should be purchased).

I have a website that promotes what I believe to be the best House music in existence.  I've also made a separate 30 second sample torrent containing samples of all the tracks I list on my website.  I have gotten a few complaints from people who were all rankled because I only had 30 second samples of the tracks I selected in the torrent instead of full length remixes.  The reason I only had that torrent with 30 second samples was because the situation is this: good, decent House music is dying.  In a perfect world where money didn't exist I would be more than happy to share my whole collection with everyone.  Even if I did share my whole collection it would be about 52 Gigs!  That's too much for me to upload.  People aren't purchasing music like they should anymore.  And because of that this genre and music you find in this torrent are no longer being created.  I created my website to highlight which remixes by the various top House music producers were actually released and could be purchased.  All this file-sharing has been great for getting the word out about certain music.  But music as a business is very hard to be sustainable especially when people are not buying the music and are just downloading everything for free.  That's why in this torrent you get the best of both worlds.  I included 30 second samples of what tracks are released and that you can purchase (these are marked with a '$' in the torrent), plus I included his full-length remixes which I have determined to the best of my ability are not released and you can't purchase on the Internet.  That's not to say they won't ever be released in the future!  But if they are and you know they are then you are obligated to purchase those tracks as well.  We can't let this genre die!  Also you might notice a few tracks with this '¤' symbol at the front of them.  These tracks were available for purchase at one time but have since been removed from wherever they were sold.  Keep an eye out and if they get released again, please purchase them.

The main reason these Producers aren't making as many remixes as they used to is money.  It seems demand for his work has declined greatly since the early 2000's.  Also the genre seems to be changing for the worst.  A lot of releases today I find are unlistenable and aren't worth my hard earned money.  I'm trying to promote this music in a 'legal' way and perhaps to build a bit of a buzz around certain tracks.  Hopefully you all who download this torrent and actually like the remixes will go out and purchase the tracks I've indicated are available.  I make very little money but I still support this music as much as I can.  I personally believe that if more people were exposed to this music they'd be willing to support it.  

In the world of House remixes you have DJ's who are hired to make the remixes of various original tracks and then they miraculously put out unbelievable club hits.  All the years I have been following this music you start to discover just who the talent is behind all these remixes from reading liner notes and it usually isn't just the DJ.  That is another reason I made this torrent, I am trying to shed light on who the talent in this industry is and it usually is / was just a handful of people and not all these various DJ's the tracks were purported to be made by.  The producers behind these remixes are known as keyboarders / programmers and are insanely talented.  Some of them have produced hundreds of remixes and they are barely known by people who do follow and enjoy remixes.  Usually people assume it's just the DJ doing all the work but that is far from the case.  Music production is a time consuming profession, so how could DJ's be putting out these tracks while being busy promoting their careers?  Making quality House music isn't easy either.  You need serious musical talent to do so.  So they hire these producers to make the music.  I've come to the conclusion that this relationship between a Producer and DJ is one that is symbiotic.  The Producer makes the great remixes and the DJ goes out and promotes it and builds a bit of a buzz for their career all the while getting everyone to think they are the ones making the remixes.  As a result the DJ's get more work for their Producer.  In any case I don't really care how it works just as long as they are still making great remixes!  But they still deserve recognition for their talent.  

I have other torrents for top House music Producers like this one.  You can find all the torrent files for them by visiting this website: 
http://sites.google.com/site/houserepairs5/home

If you want to check out my website you can find it here:  
http://sites.google.com/site/themelodichousehub/home

I have a radio station on SHOUTcast, you can find out more information about it here: 
http://sites.google.com/site/themelodichousehub/home/mhh-radio

I have a facebook page you can join here if you'd like:

I also have a forum you can check out and join here if you're interested:  
http://themelodichousehub.proboards.com/  

Stay in touch and consider joining the various groups I have created.  I post any new releases I come across and try to keep everything updated with the best and latest House news.  Join this community of mine if you enjoy this music and we can try to help it grow together.  You can email me here (melodichousehub@gmail.com) if you'd like.

I would just like to add if you are going to purchase the remixes I've indicted are available I would concentrate on the more independent type releases first before any of the 'big name' artists.  The 'big name' remixes were in most cases made a long time ago and I don't think it's as crucial they get purchased first.  It's the independent releases that need your support right now.  I have indicated these releases in each Producers' Discography file in their respective torrent by highlighting in bold those specific releases.

Thanks for taking an interest in this great music!  Let's help it succeed and flourish!
