How the royal family have got away with it so long - the blatant cover up of what happened to Princess Diana superbly exposed in this banned documentary, Unlawful Killing.

Keith Allen's film exposes the in-plain-sight cover up of what happened to Diana in Paris in 1997 and her cold, heartless and disgusting treatment by this cold, heartless and disgusting family - including the way that the judge at the excuse-for-an-inquest ordered royal correspondence with Diana from people like Prince Philip to be censored before being made public. Does this remind anyone of how the judge at the excuse-for-an-inquiry into North Wales child abuse ordered that famous political names could not be mentioned by the victims?

The film exposes the pathetic irrelevance of the mainstream media which is just an arm of the same Establishment which it is alleged to be 'reporting' - with a few honorary exceptions scattered here and there. This is the BBC's 'royal correspondent', Nicholas Witchell, one of the most pompous people I have ever met, depicted in the film fast asleep more than once while inquest evidence was being heard.
Unlawful Killing is the incredibly important and highly revealing 'inquest of the inquest' that reveals overwhelming evidence of a massive Establishment cover up in the UK and France and this is why it has not been seen in the UK.
Keith Allen said around the time of the royal wedding in 2011, when Diana's son, William, married Kate Middleton:

'Why is the film being premiered next week at Cannes, three years after the inquest ended? Because British lawyers insisted on 87 cuts before any UK release could be contemplated. So rather than butcher the film, or risk legal action, we're showing it in France, then the US, and everywhere except the UK. Pity, because at a time when the mindless sugar rush of the royal wedding has been sending British Republicans into a diabetic coma, it could act as a welcome antidote.'

Mohamed Al Fayed is no angelic being of sweetness and light either, but the point of this film is to show how what happened to Diana was systematically covered up by the alleged inquest into the death of her and Dodi Fayed. From this comes a simple question: why would there be a cover up if there was not something highly significant to cover up?
A clinical psychologist describes Prince Philip in the film as a man devoid of guilt, empathy and love - precisely the character traits of the royal and 'elite' bloodlines worldwide that I have been exposing for nearly a quarter of a century. The royal family as a whole are described as 'gangsters in tiaras'. Even this is mild compared with their sick and sordid past and present.	