Asian Anal Assault [DvdRip].avi

Description: 
Featuring London Keyes and Nacho Vidal!Director Jonni Darkko brings a keen eye to the fetishes he explores - he makes sure his beautiful women look glamorous as hell, but never loses sight of the nasty action and messy perversions his fans have come to expect. Asian Anal Assault movie In his new 'Asian Anal Assault,' the veteran smut master combines the explicit, butt-pounding anal action of his 'Bet Your Ass' series with the exotic dolls of his 'Asian Fucking Nation' movies. It's a mash-up in every sense of the word! Busty, gorgeous London Keyes starts things off latex-clad and takes a dominant ass fuck from Spanish legend Nacho Vidal. He reams her soft, bouncy butt with his enormous prick; jams it down London's throat until she drools saliva all over the camera lens; and makes her lick his cum from the floor. Big-boobed MILF Tia Ling gets anally gang-fucked by a multi-racial crew of six well-hung dudes. They treat the experienced Asian slut like a rag doll, stuffing all her holes and even delivering some double-pussy penetration before covering Tia's face with creamy bukkake sauce. Cat-eyed blonde Mia Rider takes on five big cocks, stretching her anus wide and getting splattered with semen. Cute Mia Lelani toys with an inflatable dildo while getting viciously sodomized, and Mark Ashley shoves his giant dick inside the ass of adorable, all-natural Sharon Lee; she sucks his shaft clean and enjoys a spermy treat. (And Sharon returns in a bonus scene. ) Jonni Darkko's 'Asian Anal Assault' is the best kind of culture war!

Cast: Alex Gonz, Bill Bailey, Chris Charming, Jessy Jones, John Strong, London Keys, Mark Ashley, Mia Lelani, Mia Rider, Nacho Vidal, Prince Yahshua, Sharon Lee, Tia Ling

Tags: Anal, Asian, Interracial

Screens:
 
http://postimg.me/viewer.php?file=f8zz0m7pebssa9kfrjci.jpg
 
http://postimg.me/viewer.php?file=4a5ovgslf8en783f40nh.jpg
 
http://postimg.me/viewer.php?file=wn592wavwuef9jwvzwm1.jpg