Impact Soundworks Shreddage 2 KONTAKT | 2.81 GB | MAGNETRiXX








Welcome to Shreddage II: Absolute Electric Guitar. This virtual instrument was designed to be a true successor to our original Shreddage electric rhythm guitar library, released in 2010 and used by thousands of composers and producers all over the world. With that release, our goal was to create an easy-to-use set of DI rock & metal guitar sounds, pushing the envelope of realism and establishing a new standard for electric guitar samples. We were content to focus strictly on rhythm playing, with the idea that perhaps other virtual instruments would service for lead playing.

However, as useful as the original Shreddage was, our users overwhelmingly desired a true sequel: an instrument that would take the incredible realism of Shreddage and apply it to a comprehensive library capable of lead playing as well. Other libraries have attempted this challenge, but through our own experiences and the words of our users, we discovered common problems: bloated memory and CPU usage, limited range, incomprehensible mapping and keyswitches, overly complex scripting, and a lack of attention to detail & realism.








Features

   Drop G tuning
   All frets on all strings
   Up to 5x palm mute layers
   Up to 8x RR
   Single notes and powerchords
   Three vibrato types
   Multiple picking modes
   Pinch harmonics
   Hammer-on / pull-off playing
   Tonal and atonal release noises
   Staccato notes
   Portamento slides w/ speed controls
   Advanced scripting with 40+ options
   Fretboard monitor
   Built-in signal chain FX (toggle)
   Per-note / per-articulation RR


Requirements

* Compatible with KONTAKT PLAYER 5
* Editable in KONTAKT 5+
* Requires 4gb disk space




more at --> http://impactsoundworks.com/products/guitar-and-bass/shreddage-2-absolute-electric-guitar/


INSTALLATION

ΓÇó You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

ΓÇó Add The Library To KONTAKT


         ΓÇó  That's it! Done.

         ΓÇó  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!

