About The Video

In May 2010, I was contacted by Patrick Hall and Lee Morris of Fstoppers.com and they asked me to share my knowledge of headshot photography in a behind the scenes format.  The resulting Fstoppers original video was a huge hit and exposed my work to a large audience of photographers.  

For the first time in my career, I allowed other photographers to view my workflow and see what goes into making the headshot images that have been the backbone of my career for the last 10 years.  The response was unbelievable, and it soon became very clear to me that photographers wanted to know even more about how I created these images and all of the details behind running a successful headshot business.  

In early 2011, production began on The Art Behind The Headshot. With the Fstoppers crew behind the cameras, we set out to make the most comprehensive tutorial ever created on headshot photography.  This time around not only would I focus on my trademark high key white background and soft beauty lighting, but I would also share intimate details about what I consider my real photography secret:  a keen understanding of the human face and the ability to coach people into interesting looks day in and day out.

During my past career as a model, I became well aware of the importance of conveying interesting facial expressions while being photographed.  From the moment I picked up a camera I decided that this must be the crux of my work and I have been honing this craft of coaching my subjects to produce realistic and flattering facial expressions ever since. 

In The Art Behind The Headshot I'll not only teach you invaluable technical photographic knowhow, but also will delve into ways of noticing the subtleties of the human face that attract us to certain people and images. With this knowledge any photographer should be able to coach anyone in front of their camera to produce the best images their clients have ever experienced.  Some of the topics covered in this 4 hour intensive tutorial include:

    Starting Your Business From Scratch
    Natural Light vs Studio Light
    The Peter Hurley Signature Look
    Shadowed Lighting For Men
    Alternative Studio Lighting (Strobes)
    Tethering
    Camera Gear
    Understanding The Human Face (Mouth, Eyes, Eyebrows, and Body Position)

    Coaching and Facial Expression
    Creating Different ΓÇ£LooksΓÇ¥ During Each Session
    Marketing
    Retouching/Printing
    Makeup/Hair
    Clothing
    Pricing  