Description

MotoGP: Ultimate Racing Technology 3
Developer: THQ 
Genre: Sim
Last Updated: July 22nd, 2005, 17:54 GMT

The MotoGP franchise has established itself as the definitive motorcycle racing game. Moto GP 3 has taken the thrill of the first two titles and doubled it, taking the franchise beyond the realms of Grand Prix racing through the introduction of high-adrenaline street racing in Extreme Mode.

Players can hone their skills on the streets, experiencing the carnival-like atmosphere that follows the Grand Prix Championship around the world. Extreme Mode will feature 16 new tracks, 16 new bikes, a currency system and full bike customization. The Moto GP circuit racing will include 17 original tracks and an all-new seeding system allowing players to identify other racers in their skill level while moving up the ranks.
· Fully licensed riders, tracks and bikes from the 2004 MotoGP Season 
· All new 'Extreme' Mode featuring 16 street racing tracks and 16 street racing bikes - Full customization and upgrade system for street racing bikes 
· 6 different game modes: Quick Race, Grand Prix Mode, Extreme Mode, Time Trial, Training Mode, Multiplayer 
· 20 riders competing in each race (10 in Extreme mode) 
· Online gaming through with up to 16 online players per race

Requirements:

· 1Ghz Processor
· Win98 / ME / Windows 2000 / XP
· 128Mb Ram
· GeForce 3 or above DirectX compatible graphics card
· DirectX Compatible Sound Card
· 950Mb Free Hard Drive Space (installed)
· DirectX 9.0c
· 4x CD-Rom drive


KEYBOARD CONTROLS

Some PC keyboards cannot recognize certain combinations of 3 or more 
simultaneously pressed keys. This is an inherent problem unrelated to 
MotoGP URT 3.


VIDEO CARD DRIVERS

It is highly recommended to go to your video card manufacturer's website 
and download updated drivers for your card.


SOUND CARD DRIVERS

It is highly recommended to go to your sound card manufacturer's website 
and download updated drivers for your card.


WinXP ISSUES

Fast-User Switching is not supported by MotoGP URT 3.

Limited User accounts are not supported by MotoGP URT 3, you must have 
administrator access to install or uninstall MotoGP URT 3. If you are 
playing under a Limited User account, you must use the Run as 
Administrator option.

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - 
Set aprox. 500 for each 
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - 
Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews.