Year: 2012
Country: USA
Genre: Gonzo, Anal
Duration: 2:47:08
English

Directed by: Rocco Siffredi
Studio: Evil AngelV Cast:
Rocco Siffredi, Cristina Bella, Jessie Volt, Erica Fontes, Valentina Valenti, Choky Ice, Mike Adriano, Avril Sun, Kerry, Sophie Lynx, Leyla Black

Description:
The porn world's legendary Italian godfather of suave perversity, Rocco Siffredi, has developed a wide range of personal kinks to glorify on video. In "Rocco's World Feet Obsession," the director-performer presents stunning sluts as enthusiastic about foot play as the man himself. Rocco takes his classic two-girl/one-guy/anal sex formula into the fetishistic realm - adding plenty of foot worship and barefoot dick massage. First, Rocco joins blonde beauty Jessie Volt and nasty vamp Cristina Bella while the two are having a spat. He plays the two feuding bitches against one another, manipulating them into a fierce anal threesome that climaxes with Jessie and Cristina lapping the director's cum off of Jessie's bare foot. Next, sultry blondes Erica Fontes and Valentina Valenti have an ass-eating, foot-worshiping anal date that takes on a wider dimension when Choky Ice brings his big cock into the mix. They stroke the lucky stud's erect meat with their wrinkly soles and shove their toes into his mouth in a filthy private foot orgy. Strikingly lovely television personality Sophie Lynx is interviewing Rocco and his pals when sweet, young Leyla Black gives Mike Angelo a public blow job. Mike spirits reporter Sophie away for a bit of background research; Mike and Leyla end up in a ped-slurping threesome with the wayward journalist. And fishnet-clad foxes Avril Sun and Kerry share Rocco's massive shaft, trampling his torso and feeding him their adorable, wiggly toes. If you're fixated on women's tasty tootsies, "Rocco's World Feet Obsession" is a kick.

Video quality: DVDRip
Video format: AVI
Video: 640x352 (1.82:1), 29.97 fps, XviD MPEG-4 ~ 1612 kbps
Audio: 48 kHz, MPEG Layer 3, 2 ch, ~ 128.00 kbps avg
 
http://imgload.me/img-509b4d506a08e.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-509b4d5084b6c.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-509b4d50a3e84.html 