Anal.Lessons.DiSC1.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly
Anal.Lessons.DiSC2.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly

Director and stud Mike Adriano is not only an obsessive devotee of anal fucking; he considers himself a teacher, as well. When frisky females visit his home for a few of his trademark activities POV-style blow jobs, nasty ass-to-mouth taste testing, extreme anal gapes, rim jobs and all manner of rectal fun they know that Mikes tireless cock and perverse enthusiasm are bound to satisfy their thirst for knowledge. The double-disc Anal Lessons offers five filthy, intense butt-ramming scenes (plus a bonus session featuring Melina Mason) filling nearly six hours, and stars some of the most exquisitely talented backdoor beauties in the adult industry. Even experienced butt-sluts can learn something new from a passionate, dedicated tutor! Adorable blonde Jessie Rogers brings her A-game to Mikes classroom, getting her soft, jiggly ass reamed wide by his thick dick. Stunning, freckled redhead Scarlett Wild gets her sphincter stretched with his signature speculum and services the directors shaft with her hungry mouth and ample ass. Exotic cutie Gabriella Paltrova drools all over her natural boobs as she slurps his meat and gets rudely sodomized until her tight buns are showered in jism. Busty, tattooed Christy Mack is a sassy punkette who eagerly submits to Mikes butt fucking charms. And dirty sluts Penny Pax and Sheena Shaw lick each others dilated bunghole in a twisted, spit-slathered threesome of derriere debauchery. The lovely ladies of Mikes Anal Lessons even manage to show their horny instructor a thing or two. You learn something new every day!
Mike Adrianos Anal Lessons is a double-disc DVD with bonus scene starring Melina Mason, cumshot recap, photo galleries, cast list and trailers.

Featuring: Jessie Rogers, Scarlett Wild, Gabriella Paltrova, Christy Mack, Penny Pax, Sheena Shaw, Mike Adriano

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=7e1e8gud88kd2f7gm4as.jpg

Disc 1 (In Order) 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=h6n975y1nnz7497bdf36.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=1znxlj8e29hlayhu69c2.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=5r6y7tl2uej623ioafjz.jpg

Disc 2 (In Order) 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=kdqivqm9wk7wtg6lu1va.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=746w9229wfhoteo5ju9z.jpg