Release Info:

FASTER Scanning - QUICKER Application Startup - GREATLY ENHANCED Real-time Protection Engine

MORE POWERFUL Scheduling System - ALL NEW User Interface - RAPID Definition Updates

Advanced Detection and Removal
Detect and Remove Spyware, Adware and Remove Malware, Trojans, Dialers, Worms, KeyLoggers, HiJackers, Parasites, Rootkits, Rogue Security Products and many other types of threats.
Light on System Resources and designed not to slow down your computer like many other anti-spyware products. Designed not to conflict with your existing anti-spyware or anti-virus solution!
Repair broken Internet Connections, Desktops, Registry Editing and more with our unique Repair System!

Real-Time Protection
Real-Time Blocking of threats! Prevent potentially harmful software from installing or re-installing!
First Chance Prevention examines over 50 critical points of your system each time your system starts up and shuts down to eliminate threats before they have a chance to infect and infiltrate your system.
Schedule either Quick, Complete or Custom Scans Daily or Weekly to ensure your computer is free from harmful software. Remove spyware automatically.


SUPERAntiSpyware Professional and versatile software applications that scan for spyware detection and other security software will not be able to recognize them. SUPERAntiSpyware will remove all the spyware without any error. With this powerful software features unique technology processing, can have hidden dangers on the system, even those that are discovered. There are numerous types and new device drivers or kernel rootkits can hide themselves from security software and keep the standard. SUPERAntiSpyware Professional V5.6.1014 software features: - Detects and removes spyware, ad-ware, malware, Trojan s, Xperia, worms, Keylogger and, Hijacker, and parasites, rootkits and other types of risks. - uses very little system resources and no impact on the speed of your PC Unlike other anti-spyware software. SUPERAntiSpyware also no conflict with other antivirus or anti-spyware software to do. - fix faulty Internet connections, desktops, registry editing and ... Using the unique technology of repair.

Stop immediate threats to prevent harmful software from installing or re-installing. 
- reviewed more than 50 critical point system each time launching Startup, before the malware a chance to infect and infiltrate your system may have. 
- date and classification as well as the facilities for this quick scan, full scan or Custom Scans Daily or Weekly to ensure that the various parts of a computer are safe. 
- Automatically remove spyware.