Pinball Arcade features exact recreations of the all-time greatest pinball tables from Williams®, Bally®, Stern Pinball®, and Gottlieb® together in one game. Every flipper, bumper, sound effect, and display pixel has been painstakingly emulated in astonishing detail.

Tales of the Arabian Nights™ is fully unlocked.

This update features Table Pack 7, including the Bally Halloween classic Scared Stiff™ featuring Elvira and our first true electrectro-mechanical pin, Gottlieb’s classic Big Shot™. 

There is a new Pro Version of the Tales of the Arabian Nights table which gives you access to the Operators Menu, Ball Control, and other cool bonus features. 

Each month, regular updates will add on classics like Twilight Zone®, Attack from Mars™, Dr. Dude™, Victory™, Space Shuttle®, Pin•Bot™, (and many others for years to come!) along with online tournaments and additional modes to challenge yourself and compete against your friends.

Game Center is now supported and an optional FarSight login allows players to connect to cross-platform leaderboards. 

Our goal is for the Pinball Arcade to become the most realistic and comprehensive pinball game ever created. Please support us in our efforts to preserve these tables and join the indelible part of Americana that is pinball!

What reviews are saying:
“Simply one of the best pinball games I’ve ever played” – Touch Arcade
“As close to the pinball experience as you will ever get in the palm of your hand” –Pocket Gamer
“Pinball doesn’t get any more real or fun on mobile” –Gamezebo
“This game is superb along with great presentation” – Inentertainment
“an impressive title, and one that is bound to please pinball fans” -148 Apps
“Authenticity is the name of the game here, and Farsight has absolutely nailed it” –GameLive.TV
“quite impressive… with content this great, it doesn’t need to use the hard sell” -iLounge
“a pinball nerd’s dream come true” –App Addict


What's New in Version 1.2.0

Scared Stiff™ and Big Shot™ Pinball Tables. Plus a Pro Menu for Tales of the Arabian Nights.

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Requires iOS 4.3 or later.