Air Display 1.6 for Mac and iOS Cracked from Mac App Store and App Store.

This torrent include the Mac and iOS cracked version of Air Display.

$19.99
Category: Utilities
Updated: May 14, 2012
Version: 1.6.1
Size: 1.8 MB
Languages: English, Chinese, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish
Seller: Avatron Software, Inc.
© 2011-2012 Avatron Software, Inc.
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6.3 or later

Description

Have two computers? Ever wish you had an extra computer display? There's an app for that! With Air Display, you can turn your Mac into a wireless display, to extend the desktop of your other Mac or Windows computer.

Developed by Avatron Software, home of the popular Air Sharing and Print Sharing apps for iOS, Air Display lets you position your Mac next to your other computer, drag windows onto it, and interact with those windows as you would on any other computer display.

— FEATURES —

• Air Display's performance is extremely responsive, employing a unique dynamic compression algorithm. On a typical Wi-Fi network, mouse cursor refreshes are indistinguishable from a wired mouse.

• When you disconnect and reconnect, your windows automatically reposition, so you don't have to drag them back onto the Air Display screen.

• You can choose to connect automatically to Air Display every time you launch the app (when connected to another Mac only, for now).

• Can connect over Wi-Fi or Ethernet.

• Runs full-screen or in a window.

— INSTALLATION —

1. Purchase this app from the Mac App Store on the Mac that you want to use as a second monitor.

2. When you first launch Air Display, it will present easy instructions for installing the drivers on your other computer.

— APP COMPATIBILITY —

If your Mac supports the Mac App Store, it can run the Air Display app. Both 32-bit and 64-bit operation are supported.

— DRIVER COMPATIBILITY —

The drivers for your other computer may run on Mac OS X or Windows:

MAC OS X

The Air Display drivers for Mac requires 10.6 (Snow Leopard) or later on an Intel CPU. Both 32-bit and 64-bit operation are supported.

NOTE: On Lion, third-party video drivers (including Air Display's), have some issues on these specific 15" and 17" MacBook Pro models: Late 2008 through Mid 2009, and Mid 2010. Please see avatron.com/lion for details and effective workarounds.

WINDOWS

The Air Display drivers for Windows require XP (32-bit only) or Vista or 7 (32-bit or 64-bit). Windows 7 Starter edition is not supported. Aero and DirectX will be disabled while connected to Air Display, and re-enabled upon disconnection.

NETWORK

Both computers must be connected to the same local network, either Wi-Fi or Ethernet.

What's New in Version 1.6.1

- Significant frame rate and latency improvements (both Windows and Mac hosts)
- Much faster initial connection (Mac host)

Bug fixes:
• Cosmetic issues

Do you like Air Display? Please take the time to leave a User Review whenever you update the app. Let people know how you use Air Display!