THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Max Payne 3 RF XBOX360-XPG

Max Payne 3 continues the tale of former New York City detective, Max Payne. 
Still haunted by the memories of his traumatic past, Max begins a new life 
working private security protecting a wealthy industrialist and his family 
in Sao Paulo, Brazil. When gangs target the family under his protection, Max 
is forced to fight to save his clients and clear his name, in a bid to, once 
and for all, rid himself of the demons that have tortured him for far too long.

This dark, gritty action game utilizes cutting edge technology for a seamless, 
cinematic action experience. The game boasts highly-refined gameplay with an 
extensive range of realistic weaponry, an intelligent cover system and 
sophisticated Bullet-Time mechanics.

In addition to an expansive single-player campaign, Max Payne 3 introduce 
to the series a multiplayer experience. This online mode dynamically alters 
maps and mode progression for all players in a match. Along with traditional 
multiplayer modes, Max Payne 3 also includes a deep reward and leveling system, 
persistent clans and multiple strategic load-out options.

Features:

Multiplayer: Max Payne 3 introduces an explosive and innovative multiplayer 
experience, bringing Max Payne‘s signature Shootdodge and Bullet Time gameplay 
features along with a range of new and expanded special abilities into the arena 
of competitive online multiplayer.

Weapons: From automatics to handguns to rifles and explosives, Max wields (and 
dual-wields) a wide range of high-powered weaponry in both single player and 
multiplayer. Max Payne 3 provides devastating firepower for any and all 
situations that call for decisive and punishing action.

Characters and Gangs: From New York to São Paulo, explore intelligence gathered 
on the characters and gangs that you will encounter throughout the treacherous 
story of Max Payne 3.

Realism: Just some of the behind-the-scenes research and production design done 
over the course of Max Payne 3‘s development, from information and asset gathering 
trips down to São Paulo, to local casting for pedestrian types in all the game’s 
levels, to extensive study of municipal law-enforcement wings, weaponry and much more.

Special Bonus Features: Enjoy special game-related features including soundtrack 
info, Xbox LIVE achievements, as well as special events and contest opportunities 
for fans and Rockstar Games Social Club members.

Platform: XBOX360
Format XGD3
Region: Region Free
Size: 2 DVD's
Language: English
Genre: Third-Person Shooter

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-FDBA_4FAB00F7.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-4F05_4FAB00F7.jpg