- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-GCB.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 04.03.2012

"Pilot"

Amanda Vaughn (Leslie Bibb), once the ultimate 
high school "mean girl," is forced to return 
home in disgrace after her marriage ends in 
scandal. Reluctant but desperate, Amanda has
no choice but to turn to her mother, Gigi 
(Annie Potts), for help. Gigi, the 
quintessential proper Dallas socialite, wants 
nothing more than to have Amanda back and to 
give Amanda's two teenage kids a good southern 
upbringing. The problem is that Amanda is 
nothing like the girl she was 20 years ago and 
is hesitant about re-entering this world of 
opulence, status and salacious rumor mills. 
She is hopeful for a new start, but soon finds 
it's not that easy to escape your past in this 
tight knit community, and the women of Dallas 
are none too happy to see her back in town. 
Carlene Cockburn (Kristin Chenoweth), once the 
ugly duckling, was tortured by Amanda in high 
school but has made quite the "assisted" 
transformation since. Now she has a picture-
perfect, lavish life with a gorgeous husband, 
yet she still can't seem to let go of old 
grudges. Then there's Cricket Caruth-Reilly 
(Miriam Shor) whose boyfriend Amanda stole and 
later married. Cricket is now a tough-as-
nails, successful businesswoman with a perfect 
marriage - at least so it appears from the 
outside. Sharon Peacham (Jennifer Aspen), the 
fallen beauty queen whose chance at the Miss 
Teen Dallas crown was snatched away by a 
malicious rumor Amanda started, hasn't really 
been the same since. Finally, there's Heather 
Cruz (Marisol Nichols), a bit of an outsider 
back in high school who has now become fully 
inducted into this twisted little social 
clique of affluent, sugary, God-fearing, 
steely women whose bark is as bad as their 
bite. You know what they say about payback, 
Amanda, it's a... 

18/Slower+
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)