[img]http://images2.layoutsparks.com/1/20503/Billabong-Surfer-Girl-Sea.jpg[/img]

Surfer OS cannot catch a virus! No installation is necessary! Surfer OS runs in Ram on a DVD. Read only DVD's can't catch a virus. If Surfer OS so much as even gets a snivel, a boot cleans everything, and loads pure as driven snow.

Surfer OS protects Windows, Mac or Linux hard drives. Right now, you are probably using Windows, Mac or Linux that is installed to your hard drive. Did you know that while you visit websites that it is possible for them to read any personal items in your home folder? Not only can they read but they can write or modify any files. Surfer OS prevents this through launching each online app in it's own user account. Each app is quarantined into an empty account and cannot see into any of the other accounts. When you close the app, the entire account is zeroed and deleted protecting your privacy.
Surfer OS is a read only dvd. Reboot and everything is clean. Like that song from Madonna, "Like a vir ir ir ir gin, boot'n for the very first time".

Surfer OS is firewalled with iptables. A thirty six digit random password at every boot protects your account, but you don't need to know it, because you get one free auto login. (Don't accidentally log out or you have to reboot.) Remote logins are disabled. Administration account is disabled, admin root access is denied.

When you download a file from the browser, files are safely moved to your home account. When you download pictures, they are conveniently moved to the Picture folder, music files to the Music folder, videos to Video folder, etc. Since Browsers are restricted from seeing other accounts, if you need to upload, drag and drop files to the respective browser account folder.

Surfer comes with four browsers of your choice: Firefox, Midori, Opera and Seamonkey. Watch Free movies and videos with Hulu, Minitube, and Miro. Listen to your favourite music and talk radio with Songbird. Download torrent movies and music with Vuze, Transmission or Deluge and play them with VLC, MPlayer or Totem. All the codecs loaded. Create a fan vid for YouTube with OpenShot video editing software. Talk to your friends with Skype. Draw you masterpiece with Gimp. Write you dissertation with OpenOffice.

A Kill Switch is provided on demand. Just one click away and all online apps are brought down at once and your ram is zeroed. No other distro takes your privacy so seriously.

Best of all, Surfer OS is Free. Download the iso and burn it to a DVD. Feel the security. Enjoy the privacy. Boot virus free, like a virgin. Every time!

Surfer Quick Keys:

ctrl + alt + f New Firefox account
ctrl + alt + o New Opera account
ctrl + alt + m New Midori account
ctrl + alt + s New Seamonkey account

f3 split a window for moving or copying files

mouse scroll over dock items rotates window in and out 