Phoenix Marie extreme bondage, tickling, deep throating, orgasms and Category 5 choking hogtie | Phoenix Marie | Matt Williams            

November 2, 2012


MP4 only.  


Welcome back super starlet Phoenix Marie to Sexually Broken. 
Phoenix is very formitable, at 5'9 with huge tits, a perfect 
ass and strong tan legs, she is one of Porn's hottest talents! 


This is our "Meet and Greet" with Phoenix. All the bondage is 
done on screen. The entire tie from start to finish evolves 
before your eyes. It is the most realistic sex and submission 
scene you will ever see captured. No acting, no script, The 
rigger and the model, one on one with great bondage and sex. 
No other site in the world gives you this realism. All other 
sites have the girl all ready bound and a professional porn 
ACTOR steps in and awkwardly tries to Dominate and fuck the 
girl. Sexually Broken is the next evolution of bondage and sex 
sites.

With her elbows and wrists tightly bound behind her, Phoenix 
is kneeling, worshiping a hard cock. We let her enjoy the 
cock, she only has her mouth to work with. We let her go slow, 
deep, she makes love to the cock with just her mouth and 
tongue. Sensual deep throating and cock worship at it's best 
from one of the best cock suckers in the industry. she sucks 
to impress, but we do not impress easily.

Truth be told, soon we are bored, and we proceed to brutal 
fuck Phoenix's pie hole. We skull fuck the fuck out of the 
back of her throat. All the way down, cutting off her ability 
to breathe. We control her life with cock. She breathes when 
we want her to. We blast her into sub space, lack of air and 
the constant feel of the cock fucking the very deep part of 
her throat causes Phoenix to go into survival mode. When we 
think she might pass out from her catastrophic skull fucking, 
we pull her up to her feet, bend her over and jam the hard 
cock balls deep into her wet, tight pussy. Within seconds she 
cums, and cums hard, her ability to stand is impaired. 

We fuck her hard and deep, then quickly knock her to her 
knees, and blast her throat with cock again. This is what is 
known as being used and used hard. All she knows is cock. Her 
brain flashes from lack of air from the extreme throat 
fucking. We quickly move her into a brutal standing modified 
strappado. Her arms over her head to the floor, her legs bent 
and her amazing ass just sticking out, begging for cock. We 
fuck her to orgasm again, then knock her to the floor.

We quickly bind her into a Category 5 choking hogtie. She must 
maintain her arch with what strength she has left or slowly 
choke out. She gets weaker and weaker, the bondage is winning, 
the darkness approaches....

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_02phoenix/SexuallyBroken-Phoenix-Marie-Matt-Williams-Phoenix-Marie-extreem-bondage-tickling-deep-throating-orgasms-and-Category-5-choking-hogtie.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

