Cage
Definitive Jux/Eastern Conference Records

Track Listing:

01. The Void ft. Sherry St. Germain
02. daysMix4.0
03. BloodBoy
04. Misanthrope
05. Super Baked
06. Sad Sack (Demo) (Incomplete)
07. I Saw A Serbian Film
08. See You In Hell
09. rebornMix2.0
10. Misanthrope Remix
11. Blood Boy - Live at ZeroFriends, SF (Bonus Track)
12. Alright  -  Live at ZeroFriends, SF (Bonus Track)

Bio:

The tortured and visceral lyrics of underground rapper Cage (Chris Palko) come from a life of pain, paranoia, hard drugs, and hard living. His father was MP in the U.S. Army, stationed in Wurzberg, Germany, when Cage was born. The family lived there until Cage's father, named Bill Murray, was busted for selling and using heroin and sent back to America. Landing in Middletown, NY, Cage's father continued using heroin and didn't bother concealing it from his son, going as far as to have the young Cage tighten the tourniquet around his arm. A standoff with the state police after threatening his family with a shotgun landed Murray in jail. It was the last time the eight year old would see his father.
 
While in high school, Cage went home to a physically abusive stepfather. Drugs became a serious problem for the teen, leading to expulsion from school, getting kicked out of the house, and various arrests for various crimes. Facing serious jail time, Cage's mother convinced the judge to send her son to a mental institution instead of jail. Sentenced to 18 months in the Stony Lodge Psychiatric Hospital, he became a test patient for the new drug Prozac. After being misdiagnosed and placed on the drug, he became suicidal and made several attempts to kill himself, including hanging himself with his shoelaces and saving his lithium dose for a month before ingesting all of them at once. His depression deepened and suicide attempts led to solitary confinement. It was there that Cage had nothing to do but write his thoughts on paper. 

In an interview with actor Shia LaBeouf for Vanity Fair, LaBeouf expressed interest in starring as Palko in a possible film biography.On November 30, 2007, Spin reported that the film would go into production. LaBeouf directed the music video for the track "I Never Knew You" from Palko's Depart from Me album. He also directed Palko, along with Kid Cudi, in a short horror film entitled "Maniac", inspired by the Cudi-Cage collaboration track of the same name on Cudi's sophomore album Man On The Moon II: The Legend Of Mr. Rager.



ENJOY & SEED


If you like Cage then buy his albums, please support the artists you like this is years of hard work. Leave a comment & rate this download & please seed this takes alot of time & effort I cant do it all myself.

