Follow my uploads here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android v2.1+
Overview: To Be Your Best Weather Prophet Forever!
GO Weather EX supports tens of thousands of cities around the world. It delivers the most accurate weather information from anywhere at any time. The gorgeous dynamic background brings you the ultimate visual enjoyment.

What's new in the version
1.(New)You can change the themes of Application, Widget and GOWidget.(For premium version)
2.(New)Support ten-days forecast.(For premium version)
3.(New)Change between day and night by the sunrise and sunset time.
4.(New)Japanese is supported.
5.(New)Spain is supported.
6.(Fixed)It may get crashed when automatic positioning


To Be Your Best Weather Prophet Forever!
GO Weather EX supports tens of thousands of cities around the world. It delivers the most accurate weather information from anywhere at any time. The gorgeous dynamic background brings you the ultimate visual enjoyment.

The widget in the screenshot is the GOWidget. You can download the GO Launcher EX to use it.
The systerm widget will come soon!

gorgeous dynamic background brings you the ultimate visual enjoyment.

Features:
-Themes supported
-Weather detail today
-The weather condition in the next 24 hours
-The weather forecast for the next 5 days
-Dynamic Background
-Support GO Launcher Widget(GOWidget)
-Auto refresh

If you have any suggestion and problem, Please let us know by sent email to goforandroid@gmail.com

Owned by and visit 3G.cn through your mobile.
Copyright 2004-2012 All Rights Reserved.

Recent changes:
1.(New) Add the tomorrow forecast. You can open it in the settings
2.(New) New three languages, German, Russian and Italian.
3.(Improve)The dynamic background will change day and night by the world clock.(Premiun version)
4.(Fixed)The notification bar problem
5.(Fixed)The Widget may display the "00:00"
Less description ┬╗

Latest version: 2.7 (, supports App2SD)

Note: all premium features enabled.



                                By bobiras2009		
