NOTE: I don't know how to use this software so I couldn't test it out but it seems to be working. Download at you own discretion.

Official Web Site:  http://www.finalemusic.com/Finale/Default.aspx

Features

Getting Started

Getting started is easy. Whether you’re setting up your score, picking a music font, or watching a QuickStart Video, Finale guides you to perfection.

Entering Notes

Enter notes your way – from MIDI to your mouse, from scanning to Finale’s exclusive MicNotator®, no other software offers you more note entry options.

Adding Markings, Lyrics, and More

Finale automates and streamlines the process of entering lyrics, guitar tab, chords, and more.

Editing Tools

Finale makes it easy to perfect your score with handy editing tools like the Selection tool, Multiple page editing, ScoreManager™, and intuitive cut/copy/paste options.

Hearing Your Music

Finale includes world-class instrument libraries, support for external sound libraries, and several innovative tools to make sure your music sounds as good as it looks.

Sharing Your Music

In addition to printed pages and audio files, Finale helps you create electronic documents that anyone can edit, print, and save. No one offers more ways to collaborate and share your music.

Educator Tools

With exclusive features like SmartMusic® support, customizable music education worksheets, and the Exercise Wizard, Finale offers music educators more ways to save time.


Composing and Arranging Timesavers

Exclusive idea-generating features, essential tools like transposition and range checking, and timesavers like Linked Parts are all included.


Production and Sequencing Tools

Finale is able to open or save as a standard MIDI file to work in conjunction with the industry’s most in-demand production and sequencing programs. Video support and Finale’s built in mixer are just two of many tools inside of Finale that help you prepare your score for final production.


Finishing Touches

Finale is the industry standard because it offers ultimate control of the printed page.


Your creative flow

Experiment freely. Compose the music of your imagination.

Listen as you create

Better sounds. Garritan sounds.

Score high marks

Finale makes it easy to achieve printed perfection.

Inspire your students

Create SmartMusic accompaniments, customized worksheets, and exercises.

More ways to share

No limits. You get to choose: PDF, audio files, MIDI, or Music XML.


System Requirements:

Intel or PPC  Mac, OS X.5 or better

--- PLEASE SEED ---
