

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

 

POtHS - Bible Study - 109 - Mysteries of Pagan Idol Worship Vol 4 - Mother of Harlots


POtHS Comment: Very Good

Description:

The Most Expensive Treasure by Michael Howard:
The work and ministry of sermonindex can be encapsulated in this one word: REVIVAL. sermonindex is not a organisation, business, or any attempt by man to build something for God. It is rather a expression of a heart burden to see the Church revived and brought back to holiness, purity, and power with God. "The mission of SermonIndex is the preservation and propogation of classical vintage preaching and the promotion of genuine biblical revival to this generation."


THE WAY OF CAIN - Mans Religion:
Most Christians have heard the story of Cain and Abel. But do you really know the biblical account? Did Cain actually start his own religion? If he did, how did he do it? Do all the world's religions originate from Cain? Gary Paul Miller reveals the real founder of "religion" and why you will never look at religions and religious men the same.

I have read the book ... it is the best exposition and study I have read about the way of Cain. The truths presented in the book cannot be read in mainstream Christianity. It is a complete ... assessment of the true identity, character, nature, destiny and fate of the way of Cain. I am immeasurably blessed by reading it. It opened the Scriptures in such a way that I ... understood the exact meanings, types, symbols and ideals of the first Pharisee-Cain. The fogs are cleared and all my questions regarding the person, nature and destiny of Cain are answered in a very convincing, highly informative and eye-opening manner. It is the best Scriptural and systematic approach to the subject. This truth has been buried long by Satan to keep on blinding the eyes of the unsaved and even let believers be ignorant to the schemes and devices of Cain so to cancel his true identity. This book must be read by all sincere believers of Christ, in order to expose the hidden dangers of the way of Cain that had been incorporated in the philosophies and doctrines of "all religions, churches and cults". The I am god philosophy... This is a fantastic and terrific book exposing the real heart of Cain. Thank you so much for writing and publishing this to the world at large, so that by God's grace and help many will be warned by the impending judgment to those who unknowingly or knowingly follow... the way of Cain.


Sex Drugs and Rock Music by Barry Westbrook:
Former star DJ tells all.  Barry delivers an expose on the satanic deception of the music industry and common practices to entice the people into the satanic realms.


 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
