L Studio is a powerful software solution that allows the creation of songs and loops using professional tools such as state of the art mixers, equalizers, integrated instruments and more.

Although it is such powerful software, it is quite easy to install FL Studio. It takes a while, but only because it has to copy a lot of instruments and samples to allow users to benefit the most from the advanced functions bundled into the app.

There is one thing that needs to be mentioned, though. While installing FL Studio, it will offer to install some additional components which are not required by the software to work properly, so it is best to pay attention during setup, lest some unnecessary items get installed by accident.

Beginner users or those who have never used FL Studio or other similar program before might not have an easy time during the first use of FL Studio.

Always running in full screen, FL Studio has a complex interface, with a lot of functions displayed in the left side of the screen, while the right side is exclusively used for mixing the tune. However, the Help section of the app is very useful for guiding users around this software and assist them find their way when it comes to creating music.

FL Studio has a lot of options and configuration settings, but they should be changed only if by professionals or if the software does not function properly. Plugins can be added for improved functionality, although the software comes with almost everything one might need for taking the first steps as a beginner, such as instruments, mixers, special effects, filters and many, many other tools.

FL Studio is quite light on computer resources, but a fast machine can help users perform more actions at the same time or edit tracks without being bothered by huge loading times. Also, significant storage space is required for saving the generated tunes, as well as the additional samples and instruments that one may download from the Internet.

The conclusion is pretty simple: this app is needed only by those who really want to be a DJ. A fee needs to be paid, but it can end up as the first, and probably the most affordable, investment in a career as an international artist.