About the show

Thirteen people compete to stay alive as they face their deepest fears in an all-out elimination competition and scarefest. Pitted against each other in situations straight from the horror movies, the 13 will face shocking surprises, psychological scares and lots of "beware of the dark" moments, all designed by a "mastermind" of terror. In addition to frightening them, he will also entice individuals to work in concert with him and against the others, creating a situation in which the 13 will not only look over their shoulders but will also never be certain who is real before them. The death box was introduced, in which whoever possessed it had the power to kill off one to three other players. The death box had to be hidden, used and found in safety, for if someone else knew they had the box, they could accuse them and be sent to the execution ceremony. If there was a false accusation made, the accuser would then have to go to the execution ceremony.
Each week, one or two unlucky victims will be "killed off" via frightening challenges and game-playing until only one person is left to win the grand prize ofΓÇöfittinglyΓÇö$66,666.
13: Fear Is Real is produced by Magic Molehill Productions, Inc. and Warner Horizon Television Inc. in association with Jay Bienstock Productions and Ghost House Pictures with executive producers Jay Bienstock (Survivor, The Apprentice), Sam Raimi (the Spider-Man films, the Evil Dead films) and Robert Tapert (the Evil Dead films, The Grudge films).

The Mastermind
Not much is known about the mastermind. In the last episode, it is revealed he had a brown bag with the prize-$66,666. When Ted stumbles to the cabin, he sees the "supposed" mastermind, but it is really a dummy wearing a solid white mask covering the face.

Noticed we don't have very many of these up here. Thru using some web rippers and browsing over seas sites i found the first season. They are in MP4 and F4V formats completely playable on VLC or Media Player Classic.