MAGIX Samplitude Music Studio 2013 v19.0.1.18


Samplitude® Music Studio 2013 is the perfect complete solution for creating your own music without having to learn all of the complicated technical processes or musical theory. You get all the tools you need for every step of the creative process. From the initial idea, to editing, and on through to the final release - you can do it all in one easy-to-use music production program.

Enjoy all the advantages of real professional quality studio tools and intuitive workflows designed specifically to meet the high demands of ambitious musicians and producers.


For singer/songwriters

Simply record and edit instruments and vocals in studio quality (up to 24-bit/96 kHz) to produce your own songs


For bands in the rehearsal room

Record your next practice session! Create impressive multitrack recordings and mix them exactly how you want on up to 128 tracks using the multitrack recorder.


For project studios

The powerful feature range combines virtual instruments, professional studio effects and intuitive realtime editing with a 100% neutral sound audio engine for uncompromising music production!

New features

Mastering Suite 4: The ultimate mastering tools
for the perfect sound
4 virtual instruments: Rock Drums, String Ensemble,
Bass Machine & World Percussion
Vita 2: The ultimate sample player featuring limitless
instrument variety
Additional essentialFX: High-quality compressor & vocal strip
Precision Tuner: For guitar and bass
Use up to 128 tracks in 24-bit/96kHz



Supported operating systems

   Microsoft® Windows® 8 (32-bit and 64-bit)
   Microsoft® Windows® 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
   Microsoft® Windows® Vista© (32-bit and 64-bit)
   Microsoft® Windows® XP (32-bit)


Minimum system requirements
   Processor: 1.5 GHz or higher
   RAM: 1 GB
   Graphics card: Onboard graphics card with a screen resolution of at least 1024 x 768
   Sound card: Internal sound card (ASIO-enabled sound card recommended)
   Hard disk memory: 1 GB free disk space for program installation
   Optical drive: DVD drive (only for installation of the box version)

Optional:

   Burn: Burn CDs/DVDs with CD/DVD+/-R(W) recorder
   MP3 export: with Windows Media Player 10 or higher
   Import/Export: WAV with codec, MP3, CD-A, OGG Vorbis, AIFF, FLAC
   Import: MIDI standard formats (MID, GM, GS, XG), WAV (24- & 32-bit)
   Export: MIDI standard formats (MID), WAV (24-bit)



INSTALLATION:


• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Install Samplitude Music Studio.*
* do not install Ask Toolbar.

• Copy Protein.dll from the Crack folder to MagixSamplitudeprotein , replacing the original..

• Run MAGIX Samplitude Music Studio 2013, press the "Exit program" button.



         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!
