Indiana Jones - Raiders Of The Lost Ark                        Rel. 6/12/1981



Format:        DVD9 Movie NTSC
Lang.:         English, French, Spanish (Subs Included)
Discs:         1
Image:         .DVD/ISO
Rated:         PG
Genre:         Action/Adventure
Source:        Original DVD Retail Movie Special Edition.
Quality:       Perfect - Untouched
Screen:        WideScreen 16:9
Requirements:  DVD Player



Compressed with 7Zip, Tested Working.


Running Time: 115 Min.


Release Notes: Ripped from Original DVD Movie, Previews Removed This 
               is the Special Features Edition with extras explaining
               making of the movie, interviews, etc. This Release
               is in DVD9 Untouched format just like the original.
               


- Movie Info -
    
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082971/





Description:

Director - Steven Spielberg

Writers - Lawrence Kasdan, John Wiggins.

Stars: Harrison Ford, Karen Allen, Paul Freeman.

   
Get Ready for edge-of-your-seat thrills in Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the 
Lost Ark. Indy (Harrison Ford) and his feisty ex-flame Marion Ravenwood 
(Karen Allen) dodge booby-traps., fight Nazis, and stare down snakes in their
incredible worldwide quest for the mystical Ark of the Covenant. Experience
one exciting cliffhanger after another when your discover adventure with the 
one and only Indiana Jones.


Pics Included.


Burn ISO to your DVD DL media watch in your DVD player, or Computer.

(You can mount The iso to, to play on your computer).


If Burning use .dvd file or make sure 2nd layer sector is 
set to 2033264 for burning on your DVD Dual Layer Disc Media.
(ImgBurn App is recommended to use for burning).


If you have DVD+R DL you might need to booktype it to
DVD-ROM to work with your dvd player if it won't play
a DVD+R format. If for some reason you can't get it
to play on a dvd player just mount the iso and watch
on your computer, example Windows Media Player.




Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!			