eBoostr PRO v4.5.0.575
 
eBoostr 4.5 Has Arrived!
 
The latest and greatest version of eBoostr is now here. The best way to speed up your computer just got better. Download now and see for yourself!
 

eBoostr is designed to make your computer faster. It features an easy to use interface and an auto-configuration wizard which will help you get "up to speed" in no time at all.
 
Just because your computer is slowing down doesn't mean it's time to abandon it. Breathe new life (and speed) into your old computer with eBoostr
 eBoostr allows you to cache on any major Windows system, running any motherboard and any drive configuration, to any choice of cache medium you want from RAM to SD cards to SSDs with zero CPU overhead.
 
eBoostr Features at a Glance
 
No Hardware Upgrades Needed
 
eBoostr is compatible with both USB and Non-USB removable storage devices, as well as all "Enhanced for Readyboost"devices
 Supports up to 4* devices simultaneously, ensuring that eBoostr can keep up with increasing demands on systems
 Cache file size of up to 4GB on each device (NTFS has no size limit)
 
Launch Favorite Applications Faster
 
eBoostr tracks the use of applications on your system and can pre-cache data of the ones most frequently used, this reduces load delays and optimizes performance
 Easy to use drag-and-drop interface allows you to selectively enhance applications on your system as well as prioritize applications enhanced by eBoostr
 Reduced load times and less hard drive access help prolong battery life of laptops and netbooks using eBoostr
 
Use Hidden RAM
 
32 Bit version of Windows 7 cannot use RAM over 3.25 GB
 eBoostr 4 can utilize this RAM in the creation of an intelligent cache, boosting your system's performance
 
New and Improved Cache Configuration
 
Easy one-step process allows you to configure and manage cache size
 Autoconfiguration Wizard - Intelligent caching system detects all compatible hardware and recommends best settings for your PC
 
System Requirement
 
OS
 -Windows 7 (32bit/64bit)
 -Windows Vista (32bit/64bit)
 -Windows XP (32bit/64bit)
 -Windows Server 2008 (32bit/64bit)
 -Windows Server 2003 (32bit/64bit
 

Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program and finish with restart later.
 2. Exit application even from system tray, Also kill process through task manager.
 3. Copy content from crack folder and Paste into default installation directory.
 4. Restart your computer and follow wizards of eboostr.
 5. Done, Enjoy.
 