Please seed!

Carlos Bonell, guitar; Montreal Symphonic Orchestra, Charles Dutoit
Rodrigo - Concierto de Aranjuez, Fantasía para un gentilhombre
Falla - El sombrero de tres picos


Joaquín Rodrigo (22 November 1901 – 6 July 1999) was a composer of classical
music and a virtuoso pianist. Rodrigo's music counts among some of the most
popular of the 20th century, particularly his Concierto de Aranjuez (1939),
considered one of the pinnacles of the Spanish music and guitar concerto
repertoire. The piece was featured in the film Brassed Off and was played by
the Grimethorpe Colliery band. In that film, It is sometimes referred to as
the 'Concierto d'Orangejuice.' This is a familiar name in the brass band
community (although it is often shortened to 'Orange Juice')

Manuel de Falla y Matheu (November 23, 1876 – November 14, 1946) was a
Spanish composer of classical music. El Sombrero de Tres Picos (The Three-
Cornered Hat) is a ballet  composed by Manuel de Falla, commissioned in its
development by Sergei Diaghilev and performed in its completed form in 1919.

Fantasía para un gentilhombre (Fantasy for a Gentleman) is a concerto for guitar
and orchestra. It is Rodrigo's second most popular work after the famous
Concierto de Aranjuez. The four movements were based on six short dances for
solo guitar by the 17th century Spanish composer Gaspar Sanz, taken from a
three-volume work (1674, 1675, 1697) now commonly known as Instrucción de música
sobre la guitarra española (Musical Instruction on the Spanish Guitar) (Donis
2005:75). Most of the movements retain the names that Sanz originally gave them.
Rodrigo expanded on Sanz's themes to produce a work lasting more than 20
minutes. Rodrigo composed the concerto in 1954 at the request of guitarist
Andrés Segovia, who evidently was the gentilhombrereferenced in the title.
Segovia took the solo part at the premiere performance on March 5, 1958,
in San Francisco.
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Rodrigo 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manuel_de_Falla


With covers and booklet.

Charles Dutoit; Montreal Symphony Orchestra
Tracks 1-3 and 7-10 Carlos Bonell; guitar
Rodrigo - Concierto de Aranjuez, Fantasía para un gentilhombre
Falla - El sombrero de tres picos
1988
DDD

01  Rodrigo - Concierto de Aranjuez, I Allegro con spirito
02  Rodrigo - Concierto de Aranjuez, II Adagio
03  Rodrigo - Concierto de Aranjuez, III Allegro gentile
04  Falla - El sombrero de tres picos, The Neighbours' Dance
05  Falla - El sombrero de tres picos, The Miller's Dance
06  Falla - El sombrero de tres picos, Final Dance
07  Rodrigo - Fantasia para un gentilhombre, Villano y ricercare
08  Rodrigo - Fantasia para un gentilhombre, Españoleta e fanfare de la
              caballeria de Nápoles
09  Rodrigo - Fantasia para un gentilhombre, Danza de las hachas
10  Rodrigo - Fantasia para un gentilhombre, Canario