Publisher: Impressions / Sierra

Game language: English + Russian

ESRB Rating: Everyone - Mild Animated Violence

  Your Rule Will Span Generations
Impressions Games, creators of the award-winning Caesar III, take you farther back in time with this stunning strategic city-building game set in the mysterious and beautiful land of the Nile. Welcome to ancient Egypt.

  Grow thriving cities in the desert and see the economy and inhabitants come to life. Interact with your citizens; observe their culture, their habits and learn from them. Raise their hopes or raze their homes. Manage your city poorly and watch it burn, be pillaged or collapse in economic ruin. Manage it well, and ultimately the grandest Egyptian monuments will be built in your honor. Bring your dynasty through the Old, Middle and New Kingdoms of Egypt towards the grandest goal - a Pharaoh of your royal blood.

 The Nile is a fickle friend. Pay careful attention to its flooding to avoid the devastating effects of drought and famine.

 Defend your city from other ancient cultures, such as the Canaanites or Hittites. Battle on land or water with powerful war galleys.

 Be sure to interact with your citizens. Scribes, Scholars, Priests, Embalmers and more will inform you on how wisely you rule.

Behold, the Grandest Civilization of All Time Is Yours to Command
Never has a City Building game been so impressive. You play as a dynasty - working over centuries towards having the greatest monuments of all time built in your honor. For in ancient Egypt, Pharaoh is the name revered above all.

 Build the grandest, most realistic monuments ever seen brick by brick, including The Great Pyramids, The Sphinx and more.

 Govern all aspects of the exotic Egyptian culture, from worshipping gods and embalming the dead to trading with distant cities.

 Defend against invasions on land and water. Build armies and fleets to protect your civilization.

 Gameplay based on actual ancient Egyptian economy and industry. Even your farming must take the mighty Nile into account.

