Dangerous Diva's Devious Disguises! FMConcepts
 
Stars: Jade Indica, Molly Matthews, Franziska Facella, Ruby Luster and Loren Chance as the Dangerous Diva

MP4.

Preliminary research is occasionally necessary for Dangerous Diva's 
escapades, as when she took on the guise of a mild-mannered reporter 
for a local newspaper to pump naive little Jade Indica about a 
precious family heirloom! It was the ruthless woman in the catsuit, 
of course, who slipped into Jade's bedroom later that night, then 
ball- gagged and frog-tied her as the girl writhed in her skimpy 
nightgown. Helpless and bereft of her treasure, poor Jade finally 
understood how cruelly she'd been conned! 

The caper figured to be a simple one: hit the office when it was 
almost deserted, tie and gag pretty secretary Franziska Facella, 
crack the safe and score one for Dangerous Diva! But when the safe 
failed to yield its booty, the Diva had to think fast! A brisk 
interrogation of Franziska revealed that her contact for delivering 
the sensitive device had been delayed; more promisingly, he'd never 
actually met Franziska! So after briskly stripping the frightened 
girl of her clothes, D. D. left the squirming blonde hogtied and 
tape-gagged in pantyhose on her desk and headed off to complete her 
score!

Molly Matthews seethed for months after Dangerous Diva wrecked her 
blackmail scheme and mocked her as Molly squirmed naked and trussed 
up in her bathtub! Now, with the help of her friend Ruby Luster, 
Molly was about to achieve a richly-satisfying revenge! Bound and 
ball-gagged, the Diva struggled as foul-smelling smoke filled the 
room around her -- she cursed herself for letting her guard down so 
completely! But Molly's plan collapsed as the Diva wriggled free of 
her bonds! First Molly, then both she and Ruby tasted bondage 
humiliation as only D. D. can dish it out! Legs spread and tied to a 
wooden bar, wrists roped together, Molly and Ruby squirmed naked and 
whimpered through their ball-gags as the Diva laughed last once 
again!

THERE IS TONS OF ON-SCREEN TYING BY THE DANGEROUS DIVA! 

Screens 
http://www.dangerousdiva.com/dvd/dvd5.html

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

