S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Inversion (c) Namco Bandai Games

27-07-2012....Release Date - Protection...................Steam
TPS..............Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Don't just defy gravity. Command it.

Take on the role of a young father and husband, Davis Russell, who
finds himself thrust into war when his peaceful city is invaded by an
unknown enemy. With his daughter missing and conventional weapons and
tactics all but useless, this ordinary cop and his partner Leo Delgado
will rise up to heed the call of duty, master the fundamental forces of
gravity and save the world.

Features:

Breakthrough Gravity-Defying Gameplay

Learn to maneuver and shoot in an ever-changing state of global
gravity, including weightless gameplay in zero gravity.

Control gravitational forces using your Gravlink device to either
increase or decrease the amount of gravity on a given target.

Command gravity to crush objects in your way, float enemies into range
or even pick up cars to use them as mobile cover.

Pervasive Environmental Destruction

INVERSION has been specifically designed to allow for maximum
destructibility using the "Havok Destruction" module.

Blast through the environments, target your enemies' cover blasting it
to bits or even knock down overhead objects to crush the enemy below.

Innovative Cover System

With bullets flying, seek cover objects in the environment or
manipulate objects to create cover for yourself.

Multiplayer Options

Play through the compelling story on your own or with others in either
co-op or competitive modes

Battle with up to 11 friends in gravity defying multiplayer maps and
modes.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


Minimum System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.0 Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 4200+
Memory: 2 Gb
Hard Drive: 6 Gb free
Video Memory: 512 Mb
Video Card: nVidia GeForce 8800 / ATI Radeon HD 2900
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
Network: Broadband Internet Connection for Online Multiplayer
DirectX: 9.0c

Recommended System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Quad @ 2.4 GHz / AMD Phenom II X4 @ 2.6 GHz
Memory: 3 Gb
Hard Drive: 6 Gb free
Video Memory: 1 Gb
Video Card: nVidia GeForce GTX 460 / ATI Radeon HD 5850
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
Network: Broadband Internet Connection for Online Multiplayer
DirectX: 9.0c


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/OfMJj.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/NIowT.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/jV7pW.jpg


ENJOY!