
Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the Game:
FIFA 13 ( also known as FIFA Soccer 13 in North America ) is the twentieth edition of Electronic Arts" highly-acclaimed association football FIFA video game series. 
It is developed by EA Canada studios and was published, worldwide, by Electronic Arts, under the EA Sports label. 
It was be released in Europe on 28 September 2012, in Australia HI on 27 September, as well as in North America on 25 September, and 21 September for EA Sports Season Ticket subscribers. 
The game will be released for the Wii U, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Vita, Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation Portable, Microsoft Windows, and iOS platforms. 
A demo of the game was released on 11 September 2012, The demo teams include: Borussia Dortmund, Manchester City, Juventus, A.C. Milan and Arsenal.
The demo was downloaded a record 1.99 million times within three days.
FIFA 13 included new features to the FIFA franchise such as the First Touch Control. 
New celebrations were also added as a new feature like supports the PlayStation Move and Kinect controllers....



PC System Requirements

Minimum:
OS:	    Windows XP SP3
CPU:	CPU with Dual core processor ( Core duo 2 or better ) Intel Core2Duo @ 2.4Ghz	
RAM:	2 GB of RAM	
VGA:	DirectX 9.0c Compatible 3D accelerated 256 MB video card or equivalent ( must support Shader Model 3.0 or above ).
        ATI RADEON HD 2900 / NVIDIA GEFORCE 8800 GT	
DX:	    DirectX 9.0c	



Notes:
This game is already cracked - just install and play.
If your game is crashing - install WMFDist11-Windows.exe ( Windows Media Format Runtime ) included in torrent files.
Stay away from Origin and EA servers.

How to install:
After download is done:
- open part1 (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.



More info and support here:

 

If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .	

