Release date: May 4, 2012 
Genre: Action / 3D / 3rd Person 
Developed by: Rebellion 
Publisher: 505 Games 
Publisher in Russia: Buka 
Game Version: 1.0 
Language: English, Russian 

System requirements: 

Operating System: Microsoft Windows Vista / Seven (XP is not supported) 
Processor: Intel Pentium D 3.0 Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 4200 + 
RAM: 2 GB 
Video: 256 Mb, Shader Model 3.0, c support for DirectX 10.0 
Sound Card: Sound device compatible with DirectX 10.0 
Hard disk space: 6.5 GB
Tablet: enclosing (SKIDROW) + RUS Fix (dialogue) 

Description: 

Sniper Elite V2 - the return of the best simulator of a sniper, the first part of which was sold to the 250 thousandth edition.
One bullet can change history. 1945, Berlin in ruins. The Wehrmacht is preparing a retaliatory strike. Missiles with nerve gas is about to fall upon the cities of Europe. Rival military allies are deadly game, trying to catch rockets and their creators first. The situation is complicated, treachery lurks at every turn. You have to understand who the, who a stranger, and every bullet must reach your goals, otherwise the world will die with you.

Repack Features -

Do not cut 
Do not recoded 
It is based on release from SKIDROW + RUS Fix (dialogue) 
Game Version 1.0 
Ability to select any combination of the interface language and dubbing 
Installation time 10 minutes 

Installed DLC:

Kill Hitler | Kill Hitler:

Players who will issue a preliminary order for Sniper Elite V2 in various British stores until May 4, 2012, will be presented with an extra story mission.
In addition, clearance of pre-order at Sniper Elite V2 customers also rely Two additional types of weapons: SVT-40 (Tokarev self-loading rifle, model 1940), as well as the German Kar 98.

Pre-Order Sniper Rifles | Two rifles:

Includes two additional authentic weapons firing from the shelter - the Soviet semi-automatic battle rifle, SVT-40 and a standard full-time German military rifle Kar 98

To change Language to English ,on the 3rd step of installer -

select the second options from the two set of options below the "Direct x and Microsoft visual c++" option