The Dolphin in the Mirror: Exploring Dolphin Minds and Saving Dolphin Lives
By Diana Reiss
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt | September 2011-09-20 |ISBN10: 0547445725 | EPUB/MOBI/LIT/PDF | 14.6 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Dolphin-Mirror-Exploring-Minds-Saving/dp/0547445725

A memoir by the world’s leading dolphin and whale expert, revealing the extraordinary richness of these animals’ intelligence and exposing our terrible mistreatment of the smartest creatures in the sea.
For centuries, humans and dolphins have enjoyed a special relationship, evident not just in mythology and folklore but in many documented encounters. Some past cultures even worshipped dolphins and condemned anyone who killed or wounded of them. Yet in recent decades, a paradox: on the one hand, we have discovered extraordinary depths of dolphin intelligence and their emotional lives, to the point of glimpsing their self-consciousness—on the other hand, in Japan, dolphins are slaughtered indiscriminately, and several nations keep them in cruel conditions.

About the Author
Diana Reiss is one of the world’s leading experts on dolphin intelligence who has helped lead the revolution in dolphin understanding for three decades. In addition, as an activist, she is a leading rescuer who helped inspire and served as an adviser for The Cove, and who continues to campaign against the annual Japanese slaughters. Here, she combines her science and activism to show us just how smart dolphins really are, and why we must stop mistreating them. Readers will be astonished at dolphins’ sonar capabilities  at their sophisticated, lifelong playfulness  at their emotional intelligence  and at their ability to bond with other species, including humans and even dogs! Her beloved companion dolphins, each with distinct personalities, create their own toys, type commands on a keyboard, tease and scold her playfully, and express their affection and delight. In Reiss’s most famous experiments, she used a mirror to prove that dolphins are self-aware, and even self-conscious. The Dolphin in the Mirror is both a scientific revelation and a emotional eye-opener, revealing one of the greatest intelligences on Earth.

CONTENTS
Prologue
1. Minds in the Water
2. First Insights
3. In Search of the Dolphin Rosetta Stone
4. Non-terrestrial Thinkers
5. The Face in the Mirror
6. Through the Looking Glass
7. Cognitive Cousins
8. Reflections on Dolphin Minds
9. Into the Cove
10. Ending the Long Loneliness