Deus.Ex:.Human.Revolution-1.4.651.0.Update-CRACKED
Size: 38.1MB




You play Adam Jensen, a security specialist, handpicked to oversee the defense of one of America’s most experimental biotechnology firms.
But when a black ops team uses a plan you designed to break in and kill the scientists you were hired to protect, everything you thought you knew about your job changes.



Key features:

The long-awaited return of the award winning franchise that blends the best of Action and RPG: the perfect mix of combat, stealth, hacking, and social gameplay.
Play as Adam Jensen, a mechanically augmented agent: customize and upgrade your character with more than 50 unique augmentations that support your style of play.
Deadly weapons: Over 20 available weapons, each with their own customizable elements.
Fight enemies including dangerous thugs, augmented special operations soldiers, advanced robots; and engage in epic boss battles.
Live the reactive and dangerous world: your choices will have consequences in the game’s world.
Play in an open-ended world: there are always multiple solutions to every challenge.
Engage the unique Cyber Renaissance setting: discover a unique world that blends near future and Renaissance elements.
Travel the world: visit multiple unique locations across the globe each with their own design, story and gameplay elements.
Become involved in vast global conspiracy: unravel the story — discover who you can really trust.
Decide humanity’s future: the decision you make and the actions you take will lead to an ultimate decision on mankind’s future.

Genre: Action, RPG
Developer: Eidos Montreal
Publisher: SQUARE ENIX, Eidos Interactive
Release Date: 26 Aug 2011
Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Polish, Russian, Spanish


1.Unzip
2.Overwrite the files
3.Play


Changelog

- Some players accounted a problem where the Tai Young Medical shuttle in Hengsha would not arrive. This has been resolved.
• Existing save-games can be loaded and continued from normally, the shuttle will now arrive.
- We have provided a workaround for stability and performance issues on AMD FX CPUs with specific firmware versions.
- We have made further changes to reduce stuttering in the game.
• Improvements to background streaming of resources. (on DX11 only)
• Workarounds have been added for issues that can happen with Windows asynchronous file IO.
• We have improved parallelism with the graphics driver on dual-core machines. (should also benefit machines with more cores)
- SSAO has been improved to look less noisy.
- Various minor issues with 3DVision have been resolved.

