Gallery: 
 
http://imagedomino.com/?g=613018

Size: 397604452 bytes (379.19 MiB), duration: 01:07:01, avg.bitrate: 791 kb/s
Audio: aac, 48000 Hz, stereo (eng)
Video: h264, yuv420p, 640x360, 29.97 fps


When self-described nympho Elle, nursing student at ASU, nonchalantly reveals her fantasy is to be raped by a stranger, you immediately think this girl is nuts. I agree with you. On the surface, Elle's innocent look and soft spoken nature betray her kinky nature. She hasn't been laid in a month due to her final exams so she's been horny all morning thinking about fucking a stranger (me) on camera for the first time. I can't wait for this chick to finish her makeup and get on the bed so I can see for myself. After more shocking revelations about her personal sex lives (seriously, brace yourself...), and a brief interruption by the hotel's cleaning service, it's time for Elle to show what's she made of. First priority: make her cum, often.
Her clit and pussy are super sensitive and she is indeed wet already when I start warming her up with hands, then let her use the first toy on herself. When Elle cums, her eyes roll back in her head and her legs shake. She has very visceral orgasms and it's such a turn on for me to watch her cum so much. She hinted that she fantasizes about ass play and even getting fucked in the ass one day. So far this has only been a fantasy but today I vow to make it a reality. When Elle has another mind blowing orgasm with her ass and pussy penetrated at the same time, I knew it's just a matter of time until she lets me shove my cock in her ass as well. After a solid blowjob and rimjob performance, I really start testing her boundaries. Is she all talk or really that insatiable? After a few warmup pumps I ram her tight yet wet pussy so hard the bed shakes, and I choke her a little. Sure enough, I can feel Elle's pussy spasm around my cock as she has another orgasm. This girl is crazy and I love it. After a bit of good ol' fashioned doggy style sex, I go in for the kill: I tell Elle she has to do anal today. At first she refuses but I sense she is just waiting for me to order her to do it. So I let her know that she won't get paid today if she doesn't take it up the ass. With a grimace of anticipation and fear she relents. And that's how Elle got assfucked for the first time in her life.
You will watch Elle's facial expressions (pain, pleasure, and everything in between) as I fuck her in her nubile ass, thanks to our popular split screen editing here. It takes some adjustments and yet it's a little painful at first, but Elle likes to be dominated like that - and eventually she ends up having another big orgasm with my cock in her ass to prove it. After letting her enjoy her orgasm I dare her to go outside on the patio for some risky sex. The thought of being caught having sex is a turn on for both Elle and me and we go at it like crazy outside.
She rides my cock with such enthusiasm that it's hard to hold back. Predicably she cums and shakes a few more times (you'll LOVE watching her cum, guaranteed) and then it's finally time for yours truly to get off. I shoot a week's worth of pent up cum straight in her mouth but she can't swallow fast enough so there's a bucket load of jizz that runs down her tits all the way to her pussy. Thoroughly filled up and covered with my cum, I wrap up the shoot with Elle and have her blow a kiss goodbye to the cameras. I'm absolutely exhausted from this fuck session - it's been one of the most enthusiastic and intense ones in a long time. I think I'll meet up with her again off-camera. This chick is too much fun to not see again. - Jay