Fifa World Cup 2002 

2002 FIFA World Cup presents 20 Japanese and Korean stadiums in all, each a seemingly faithful and certainly brilliantly rendered work of art, and the choice of day or night contests. Interestingly, the game does not offer inclement weather options. When the sides are selected and the go-ahead given, you'll take a dizzying ride from the top of the stadium to pitch level, taking in a profusion of visual treats along the way. Fireworks explode in the sky, laser effects dance all around, and a surging sea of spectators rises and falls as one. EA has adopted a high-contrast color palette for this edition, with greener grass, brighter daylight, darker night skies, punctuated lighting effects, and more vivid kits and thus has made the game look far more vibrant and alive than ever before.
2002 FIFA is still best played from distant perspectives.


And though this or any other PC soccer game plays far better when viewed from a distant perspective through which general team movement can be more effectively monitored, watching a contest unfold from a tight vantage point has never been so rewarding. EA Sports pioneered the art of duplicating the physical attributes of real-life athletes in game form, yet the FIFA series has always placed a poor second in that respect to other EA franchises, like NHL Hockey. This has changed in 2002 FIFA World Cup, where respective players' faces, heights, and builds now really look different. Players seemingly move more smoothly too, sporting a full range of animations that make even quick actions and maneuvers seem fluid. Postgoal celebrations are really something to behold, particularly after the first score of a contest, where the game speed slows significantly to showcase the frenzied responses of players and crowds alike. Flashbulbs pop, streamers cascade to the ground, and players leap and embrace and dance like never before.

This major atmospheric upgrade is not purely visual. EA has programmed all of its new orchestral music to ebb and flow in conjunction with the latest developments on the pitch. Like a big-budget Spielberg soundtrack, the tones grow dark and deep in tense moments and explosively energetic after goals and victories. Simply awaiting a referee's carding decision gets the heart pumping. Likewise, the assembled throng roars and cheers and engages in rhythmic chanting throughout each game and is always reactive to the latest developments. Back for another stint in the broadcast booth is the ever-compelling John Motsen and the enchantingly annoying Andy Gray, who once again prove that EA's brief stint with American-based ESPN announcers Phil Schoen and Julie Foudy is nothing but a mortifying memory. Certainly from a presentation standpoint, EA has succeeded in elevating the spectacle of the World Cup beyond that of a yearly tourney or league game.