


POtHS - Creation 45 - Evolution Contagion - The Foundation For Communism





Description


Evolution, The Foundation For Communism presented by Dr Hovind at The Prophecy Club:
Kent Hovind discusses the link between evolutionary theorem and communist theorem. The two carry a symbiotic relationship, yet evolution is taught as exclusive fact in the US and much of the world today.  Hovind explains why the claims hold no ground but are promoted from tyrannical Nazi's seeking to divide and conquer.


From Darwin to Hitler by Dr Richard Weikart:
Discovery Institute is pleased to announce the publication of the provocative intellectual history, "From Darwin to Hitler, Evolutionary Ethics, Eugenics and Racism in Germany" (Palgrave MacMillan), by Richard Weikart.  Does Darwinism devalue human life? Did Hitler get some of his ideology from Darwin? You decide!


Fact vs Faith in the Textbooks:
Evolutionists claim that their theory is a concluded issue. The debate is over, as Evolution is a fact?  But is this TRUE???  True science demonstrates thru its observations this simply isnΓÇÖt the case.  Watch as Eric and Paul review the key ΓÇ£evidencesΓÇ¥ of evolutionism and demonstrate its total lack of fact.


Americas Christian Heritage by Dr G Thomas:
What's a thinking Christian to do ... about today's "Oppositions of science, falsely so called" (1Tim 6:20)? Christians should always stick to the word, as their source of ultimate authority for questions about the origins or anything else. Still, many are swayed by the authoritative-sounding preaching of today's evo-evangelists .. and so compromise on the word of God, thinking they can make peace between these two warring ideas. What shape has this compromise effort taken? In every case, it becomes an "adding things to the word" situation. In many cases, it is a "taking away" from the word. In all cases, it requires a disregard for the divine revelation of God's truth to us. Such compromises require outright intellectual and spiritual dishonesties, uncharateristic of a true follower of Christ and His word. This DVD takes a critical look at several of the most popular honest errors of emphasis all the way through to the downright dishonest errors of blasphemy. You should be aware of these "oppositions of science falsely so called" which are being taught in many areas of the church today.


Fabricated History by Charles Lawson:
Charles Lawson 07/29/12 (SS) Genesis 5:1-2 Archeological Finds Which Confirm the Bible Are Ignored by Today's History Books -- To What End?


Humanism - A Fools Religion;
Alan Batten said in a 1984 paper in the Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada, "My impression is that many of the biologists who write about evolution for the ordinary public are committed in their minds to the belief that the question 'Why?' has no answer.... [They believe] evolution is purposeless, and life and Man have arisen only by chance. ... this is a legitimate belief for a person to hold, but that it is required by the scientific evidence is highly questionable. To hold it as such is as much an act of faith as to maintain the opposite."


:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
