Billund Airport was according to the online wikipedia.org site ranked as number 10 out of a few 100 in the nordic countries, when it came to the total
passengers count for that year. The count was on 2,299,835 at the end of 2009.

Billund Airport is well known among several nations, but mostly in these areas: Denmark, Norway, Sweden, United Kingdom, Germany, Iceland, United States and Netherlands just to mention a few of them.

Billund Airport is also well known from the theme park named Legoland.

Legoland Billund is the original Legoland theme park, located in the middle of Jutland, the part of Denmark that "juts" up from Germany. Legoland Billund is located directly adjacent to the Billund Airport (Billund Lufthavn). (Legoland will be released as an extra download content free of charge later) Photoreal ground textures are also planned as an update later on.

Look at the screenshots and compare it to the real life airport. It is not hard to tell the realism this product has. It has taken near 8 months to complete this project. Billund Airport FSX had a total of 24 fps on the test system, which was a I5 dual core processor with 4 GB Ram, and had just under 20 fps on a less greater system which also was used for testing
 

Product Features:

    Photoreal Textures on all objects
    18 Stunning Buildings
    Accurate Models
    Accurate AFCAD
    IK Jetways (animated)
    Free Mission Included
    Free updates and Download Content for the FSX version
    Reflections on Windows
    Unique real life night textures for the gate windows
    Photoreal Night Textures
    Accurate placed trees
    Animated nordic flags
    Animated birds
    Parking system, for parking help
    Real Environment Extreme compatible
    AI Addon Traffic compatible
    AI Default Traffic compatible
    Other Danish Landclasses compatible
    DanVFR compatible
    Custom runway, taxiways and apron lights
    Custom runway, taxiway light poles
    Special light effects at night
    Airport Wizard compatible
    Extra upcoming Billund missions, free of charge.