Mortal Torment - Resuscitation (2011) [Brutal Death Metal]
Greece


The band began spreading sickness and putrid tunes back in 2006 
through the release of its first demo "Infernal Odium Schizophrenia". Line up changes were more than frequent til the second 
official strike which was nothing more that the re-release of the demo in a 4 way split with SUFFERATORY (russia), DEMISE (Philippines)
 and Mark Riddick's UNBURIED (USA), through Coyote Records. 

The bastards gained experience by sharing the stage with acts such as Aborted,
 Severe Torture, Obscura, Belphegor, Dark Fortress among others, thus the recordings of the debut album started taking place in Grindhouse
 Studios Athens. Produced by George Bokos of the mighty Rotting Christ, the songs gained a massive sound and the album under the title 
"Resuscitation" was ready after thousands of work hours.

A search for label followed and after sometime the kind lads of Coyote Records 
agreed to release our debut in the first months of 2011. We hope you dig the tunes, take the time to listen to our samples and always
 support the underground in any way possible.

cheers, beers, meat.




Pretty unusual to hear death metal coming from Greece as the Greek
 underground is more crowded by black or black death metal but we won╬Ñt complain about that.
The comrades take in charge the musical
 duty and chose the brutal death metal way with rather efficient riffs easy to remember but a bit still heard before. MORTAL TORMENT 
sometimes plays in the deathcore way I don╬Ñt like those parts which I consider too much predictable. Fortunately there are a lot of 
blasting parts that impose MORTAL TORMENT as a brutal band. I hope MORTAL TORMENT will keep the death metal side and even increase it.



TRACK LISTING
Amphetamine Murder
Exhumed Tormentors
Chainsaw Revenge
Decomposition In Vomit
Mortal Torment
Profane
Infernal 
Audium Schizophrenia
Resuscitation
Carnivorous Surgery


289VBR
44.100kHz







 
http://www.last.fm/music/Mortal+Torment

 
http://www.metal-archives.com/bands/Mortal_Torment/73230