Tipard iPad Transfer Platinum

As one of best transfers designed for Apple device, Tipard iPad Transfer really can be an awesome iPad file transfer and manager. With powerful functions, once owning this transfer, iPad fans can fully enjoy their iPad without any confusion and limitations.
With perfect compatibility and transferring function, this iPad Transfer can aid you in transferring various file types between iPad and PC, or importing files from one Apple device to the other.
What's more, with powerful converting function, you are allowed to rip and convert any DVD/video file to many iPad and other Apple device compatible formats. Plus, you can also edit any video source file to create personalized video clips to put it on your iPad for fun.
Furthermore, this iPad transfer has ringtone-making function and ID3-editing function, which bring a lot of fun for iPad users. For more intelligent functions to explore and amazing user experience to experience, please download it and have a try!
Transfer various files between iPad and PC
Transfer any iPad file to any other Apple device
Connect multiple Apple devices simultaneously
Convert DVD and video to Apple compatible formats
NVIDIA┬« CUDAΓäó technology and AMD APP Acceleration
Backup SMS/Contacts as database files for safety
Extract customized iPhone ringtone from DVD/video/audio
Multiple intelligent functions and awesome user experience
Compatible with all iPad models and all other Apple devices
Support iOS 4.3 and iTunes 10.2

What's new?

English/French/German/Japanese four interface languages
AMD APP Acceleration provides another converting acceleration choice.
Highly supports the newest iOS 5.1 and iTunes 10.6
Perfectly supports various iPhone 4S/The New iPad files

System Requirement

OS Supported: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP and Windows Vista, Windows 7
CPU: 800MHz Intel or AMD CPU, or above
RAM: 512MB RAM or more

Homepage: http://www.tipard.com/ipad-transfer-pro.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Copy patch from patch folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run patch (Windows 7/vista users run as admin)
- Done, Enjoy.