Follow my uploads here:                
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: 2.1+
Overview: anMoney Budgeting & Personal Finance

Would you believe there could be a personal finance checkbook and budget app on your phone as powerful as Microsoft Money or Quicken on the desktop?

!! Try us risk free — now with a 1 week money back guarantee — we stand behind our product !! — see the end of this section for details.

“…you are getting a fantastic, powerful application that does a terrific job of helping you get your finances in order.” — 2011 Android App Guide:

Some of the many features:
◊ Works great on the Nexus 7 and other 7" tablets.
◊ Reads your MS Money / Quicken / SPB Finance / Cash Organizer export files. (QIF, OFX)
◊ Full featured and flexible budgeting (yearly, monthly, weekly, biweekly). Forecasting features make your cash flow easy to visualize.
◊ 4 widgets for quick and easy data entry and one-glance access to your budget and upcoming bills
◊ Recurring bills/deposits with many different schedules, including biweekly pay checks. Reminders can be set right into your device's calendar
◊ Split transactions for more accurate budgeting and reporting
◊ Privacy with password/PIN security
◊ Never worry about your data with automatic backups on a customizable schedule
◊ Two-level editable categories and optional classifications (projects)
◊ Colorful reports and charts with drill-down (exportable to PDF, CSV or as a web-page)
◊ Customized reports can be saved for easy reuse.
◊ Multi-currency
◊ Your data can be exported to standard QIF or CSV
◊ Beautiful Ice Cream Sandwich user interface
◊ Integrated with MyBackup Pro
◊ … and much more …

Recent changes:
- Configurable fiscal year for budgeting.
- Fixes a crash on some devices when exporting/sending a chart.
- The Net Worth report now does budget forecasting with drill down
- New report: Budget vs. Actual
- Improvements for 7" devices (Nexus 7, Kindle Fire, Galaxy Tab 7.7)

Note:
Use Lucky Patcher to remove license verification via Custom Patch


                                By bobiras2009		