                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Based on system specifications, Battery Booster provides the most accurate information on your battery charge, which includes an auto-updating live chart visually tracking your battery usage, and the real-time battery capacity, temperature, voltage, etc. Battery Tweak, including Smart Battery Saver and convenient settings for managing Wifi & Bluetooth, can help to squeeze out the peak performance from your phone.

Battery Booster is a powerful battery boosting tool and power management application specially designed for Android devices.

Features :

    Real-time battery status (capacity, temperature, voltage, and charging status, etc) monitor and battery usage tracking 
    Homescreen widget support (Add to homescreen with Menu -> Add -> Widgets -> Battery Booster) 
    Shortcuts to WiFi/Bluetooth/Screen Brightness/Screen Timeout settings 
    Real-time battery use monitor and management to save more power 
    Battery Calibration Notification to maximize your battery life span 
    Settings to automatically turn off WiFi/Bluetooth when device is locked. 
    Settings to automatically turn on WiFi/Bluetooth when device is unlocked. 
    Settings to automatically turn off WiFi/Bluetooth when your battery is low. 
    Settings to enable beep and select beep tone/interval when your battery is low. 
    Settings to enable beep and select beep tone/interval when your battery is full. 
    Settings to enable beep and select beep tone/interval when your battery is overheated. 
    Save more battery with built-in smart task manager (Based on Memory Booster - Android RAM Optimizer) 

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 7, 2012)

    Add two more groups of battery icons (robotic style and digital style)
    Add French language support (many thanks to Johan Jaworski)
    Add Japanese battery voice notifications
    Improve situation about battery history graph freezing
    Optimize battery refreshing
    Fix WiFi widget refreshing
    Other minor improvements

Required Android O/S : 1.5+



                                   By bobiras2009	