S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Prototype 2 - Proper (c) Activision

30-07-2012....Release Date <-> Protection.............Steam + CEG
Action...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................2 DVD

PROPER NOTES

The guys from Fairlight have recently started to do some Steamworks CEG
releases, and while it's abosolutly fantastic to see them compete with
the rest of us, their method simply dosen't justify the effort they
put into this.

There are several reasons, but here are the two most interesting ones:

1. CEG Routines are not resolved, instead a part of ceg is emulated to
calculate the right values, respect for the research on this, but
can lead to false results and slows runtime down.

2. CEG and CRC is still active, can`t run under debugger neither using
a "Trainer"

While the second option isn't a reason to proper, it's not living up
to the scene rules.

So now we have decided to proper Fairlight's Prototype 2 release,
because our crack is fully reversed and CEG free. Which gives the end
user a more stable crack, with less crashes, startup problems gone,
fast loading, better framerates etc. are some of the problems that our
fully reversed crack prevents.

We encourage Fairlight's crackers to run our proper under debugger and
set breakpoints on these examples offset's, to see how different kinds
of ways CEG get resolved.

10569E10, 10569D70, 1055CF40, 103036F0 and 1010E960

There are of course more, but this will give insight into, why your
way of killing the CEG checks with mov,al 1 - just isn't optional for
all users, because the CEG does not always gets calculated the same on
each machine.

If you still don't get what we mean, then contact us, and we'll help
you.

What's even more sad, is that Fairlight got the knowledge to properly
reverse the protection and in the end it's actually not that hard to
do. So why not do it the quality, tradition and pride way?

RELEASE NOTES

Welcome to New York Zero.

The sequel to Radical Entertainment's best-selling open-world action
game of 2009, Prototype 2 takes the unsurpassed carnage of the original
Prototype and continues the experience of becoming the ultimate
shape-shifting weapon. You are Sgt James Heller, husband to a deceased
wife and child and a soldier left simply to die.

As the game's all-new infected protagonist, players will experience Sgt
James Heller cutting a bloody swathe through the wastelands of
post-viral New York Zero. Equipped with unparalleled new shapeshifting
powers,players will gradually build a vast genetic arsenal of deadly
new biological weapons and abilities as they hunt, kill and consume
their way toward the ultimate goal - to kill Alex Mercer!

Are you ready to murder your maker?

INSTALL NOTES

1. Mount or burn image (Game not included)
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the folder into the game installation
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

We have included externally a sr-p2crack.rar file containg the proper
crack, with the rar files for DVD2, for those that has the Fairlight
release installed already and don't want to download whole game again.

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision