  Sweat Bomber platforming stage now skippable after three deaths 
  - Also made soul boosters more visible with louder arrows 
  Police Siren Adjusted 
  Misc Bug Fixes 

The entire open-world is in danger. 

THE PLAYER is out for a friendly frolic of CRIME CAPERS when suddenly ambushed by EVIL GOOD GUYS. They will stop at nothing to end his RAMPAGE OF DOOM threatening the citizens of Theftropolis City. Are YOU bad enough to defeat the EVIL GOOD GUYS? 

RETRO CITY RAMPAGE lets you play as THE PLAYER. Take the wheel with five-finger discounts on over 30 vehicles and wield over 20 weapons that will make you say "WHOA"! Run down innocent pedestrians to hear the magnificent monophonic modulated sounds. Order a pint of "SOUR MILK" from the barkeep to make yourself sick and avoid taking responsibility for your actions. At some point, defeat the EVIL GOOD GUYS then relax and go do it, when you want an ICED TEA. 

Wait, what...? 

A parody of the open-world action genre, Retro City Rampage takes modern game mechanics and mashes them into an authentic 8-bit experience. 

Equal parts fast paced arcade action and an epic mission based story mode, it's all the driving and shooting you'd expect and a whole lot more! With missions that twist pages straight from classic game experiences, you get to re-live and rewrite history in a way only a modern anti-hero could! 

When it comes to enemies, weapons are only the beginning! Put on your boots and jump on their heads! Toss 'em around to knock the rest down! Become truly unstoppable with awesome power-ups! 

Through its world, characters and missions, Retro City Rampage lampoons the entire 8-bit era --from its games to the TV, movies and pop culture! 

GAME FEATURES 

Over 60 Story Missions 
Driving, Shooting, Stealth, Platforming, 
Swimming, Rhythm, and much more 
Over 40 Arcade Challenges 
Instant Action! 
Record and share replays 
Over 25 Weapons & Power-Ups 
From Lightguns to Bionic Arms, 
Rockets, Guitars and "Grogotovs" 
Over 50 Vehicles to Steal 
Cars, Trucks, Bikes, Vans, 
Skateboards and Tanks 
Equip Guns, Rockets, Flames & Nitro! 
Over 200 Character Customizations 
Hair Styles, Tattoos, Glasses, 
Even Plastic Surgery! 
Huge Open-World to Explore 
Buildings, shops and activities 
(including over 80 interiors) 
Bonus Arcade and Casino games 
Free-Roaming Mode 
With 6 Playable Characters 
Featuring Special Guest Stars 
Each includes their own bonus subgame 
Supports Anaglyphic 3D Glasses 
Select Missions Playable in 3D! 
Playable in 5 Languages 
English, Francais, Italian, Deutsch, Espanol 

PREORDER BONUSES 

Norrin Radd "Bonus Tracks" Mini-Soundtrack 
10 Mastered Music Tracks From The Game (320 kbps MP3) 
Digital Game Box & Cartridge Label 
Print Ready 300 dpi; NES box and label dimensions 
Print and assemble your own box and faux-cartridge! 
Digital Game Manuals 
In English, Francais, Italian, Deutsch, Espanol 
Done entirely in NES authentic pixel art! 

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS 

Windows XP/Vista/7 - Runs on everything. Netbooks? Yup! Any computer from within the past 7 or so years? Yup. 
Supports Keyboard and/or Game Controllers/Joysticks, including Xbox 360, Logitech, etc. You can calibrate any other controller as well. 
LINUX? Yes, verified to work on Linux with WINE. 

Installation 

Install and play


