Book Description

This book presents the C# 5.0 language in a uniquely succinct and visual format. Often in programming books, the information can be hidden in a vast sea of words. As a programmer who has over the years used a dozen programming languages, the author understands it can sometimes be difficult to slog through another 1,000-page book of dense text to learn a new language. There are likely many other programmers who feel the same way. To address this situation, this book explains C# 5.0 using figures; short, focused code samples; and clear, concise explanations.

Figures are of prime importance in this book. While teaching programming seminars, Daniel Solis found that he could almost watch the light bulbs going on over the students’ heads as he drew the figures on the whiteboard. In this text, he has distilled each important concept into simple but accurate illustrations. The visual presentation of the content will give you an understanding of C# that’s not possible with text alone.

For something as intricate and precise as a programming language, however, there must be text as well as figures. But rather than long, wordy explanations, Solis has used short, concise descriptions and bulleted lists to make each important piece of information visually distinct.

By the end of this book, you’ll have a thorough working knowledge of all aspects of the C# language, whether you’re a novice programmer or a seasoned veteran of other languages. If you want a long, leisurely, verbose explanation of the language, this is not the book for you. But if you want a concise, thorough, visual presentation of C# 5.0, this is just what you’re looking for.

What you’ll learn

    Details of the C# 5.0 language presented in a clear, concise treatment
    New features in the latest version of .NET, version 4.5, in the author’s unique visual style
    How C# differs from and is similar to other programming languages, aiding migrating C++ and VB programmers who already know how languages work

Who this book is for

    Visual Basic programmers interested in moving to C#
    C++ programmers interested in moving to C#
    Novice programmers interested in learning C#
    Students in introductory programming classes learning C#

Table of Contents

    C# and the .NET Framework
    Overview of C# Programming
    Types, Storage, and Variables
    Classes: The Basics
    Methods
    More About Classes
    Classes and Inheritance
    Expressions and Operators
    Statements
    Structs
    Enumerations
    Arrays
    Delegates
    Events
    Interfaces
    Conversions
    Generics
    Enumerators and Iterators
    Introduction to LINQ
    Introduction to Asynchronous Programming
    Namespaces and Assemblies
    Exceptions
    Preprocessor Directives
    Reflection and Attributes
    Other Topics
