Total Dick Down | Remy LeCroix

July 2, 2012 
 
   
MP4 + Pics.  
    
 
Please welcome Remy LeCroix to Sexually Broken. Remy is one of the hottest names in porn right now. Her cute, freckled face, her tiny waist and her perfect phat ass really work with an amazing sex drive to make this girl one of a kind. We expect many AVN awards in her future. 

Remy is a little bit of a Princess and it's fun to totally wreck girls like that with cock. Pushing her sexually, while she is completely bound and helpless turns it from mere fun into a priceless experience. 

With her elbows bound behind and her hands tied in front, Remy is stripped and exposed. We make her present her amazing ass and then we attack. Knocking her to her knees we slide the hard cock all the way down her throat and hold it there. She looks up with pleading eyes and a single tear runs down from her eye to the ground. That is our cue to ramp up the skull fucking to a 10. 

Non-stop deep throating; we control when she breathes and when she doesn't. We weaken her. Her brain is starting to flash, her eyes are crying, and when we think she at the limit of her cock sucking endurance we yank her to her feet and fuck her pussy until she cums like a whore. Then we knock her back to her knees and begin the throat fucking all over. Rinse and repeat, rinse and repeat.

It doesn't take long until our hot porn star is totally overloaded. In other words we sexually broke one of the most sought after porn stars today with cock and bondage, but we are not done. A quick and brutal hogtie, and the vibrator makes her cum again then again, putting Remy deeply into subspace. The only thing left to do is to tighten up the bondage and let her suffer... 
 

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/07_02remy/SexuallyBroken-Remy-LeCroix-Matt-Williams-Total-Dick-Down-Remy-LeCroix.php

And if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  

Cheers  :-)

