
ÜBERLIFE (2010) 
http://www.uberlifeinteractive.com

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
UPLOADER COMMENTS

here is a 100% original, serbian-made interactive movie with multiple storylines, created by independent team of serbian artists and programers in 2010, supported by emote productions and released as dual format DVD viewable on WINDOWS/PC in HD 720p (using custom made application) and/or on any standard DVD player (or console). this ISO image is 1:1 copy of original release.

this movie is one of the few succesfull interactive experience to have been created on DVD ever, utilizing maximum of its potential to create game-like experience in abstract world and without any spoken word. although its high artistic and production quality, it was marginalized and undeservingly pushed away from the mainstream, just because of its independent production team, nothing more.

please give it a chance, share it further and send some words of support and encouragement to the authors and producers.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

ABOUT ÜBER LIFE

WHAT IS ÜBERLIFE?

ÜBER LIFE is an interactive film.

ÜBER LIFE is an experimental film by form and content.

An interactive film is an adventure in which the viewer is presented with the option to edit the storyline by choosing one of several following sequences.

Watching this type of film represents and individual experience because it requires the viewer’s reaction.

DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS?

This film is shown in the following manner: the beginning of the film consists of an introduction which informs us about the basic storyline and main characters. When the introduction ends, the screen fades out for a moment and three freeze-frames appear which offer three possible choices. By simply clicking on one of the images, the viewer chooses the following storyline – their own adventure – and the tale continues in the chosen direction. The next video sequence plays, after which we are again presented with a choice. Basically, each of the images leads into the next video clip and the storyline unravels under the direction of the viewer in this way.

The difference between an interactive film and films of various genres and classic form is in the way of distribution.

An interactive film with a multitude of various choices requires more different plots and outcomes within one film. The showing of an interactive film is best done via DVD distribution, Internet, video-on-demand and mobile telephony. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

UBERLIFE official website: 
http://www.uberlifeinteractive.com

emote productions official website: 
http://www.emoteproductions.com

imdb: 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2036473/
