[IMG]http://i64.photobucket.com/albums/h175/dj2swift/YardsalePoster3.jpg[/IMG]





The Yardsale

In homage to such classic urban films as “Friday” and “Born in East L.A.”, director Frank Nuñez and writer John Fuentes, have created a hysterical world where only an alien abducted grandma, an overly friendly priest, and a penis whisperer can all tangle up in the crazy life of Hector Cruz, in this ridiculously funny romantic comedy called “The Yardsale”.

Hector Cruz (Demetrius Navarro), a down on his luck sap with the lack of testicular fortitude, is on the verge of re-proposing to his gold digging fiancée, Iris (Andrea Jimenez), after not getting it right the first time. But standing in his way of matrimonial bliss is Iris’ ex boyfriend, Chuy (Jon Huertas), a dim witted thug with a speech impediment, who will stop at nothing to foil Hector’s relationship. Bigger problems arise when Hector realizes that he has accidentally lost Iris’ re-engagement ring.

The frantic hunt begins. Hector enlists his best friend, Peanut (Aris Alvarado), a 322 pound virgin, in his quest for the ring. The dilemma thickens when Carmen (Erlinda Orozco), Hector’s childhood friend who left to college, returns to the neighborhood, only to join the duo, knowing that Iris would not approve. After failed desperate attempts to remedy the situation, despair finally rears its head. Hector suggests a yard sale on a Tuesday afternoon in order to raise money.

But the yard sale only opens up more doors for more problems as Hector struggles to navigate through them. A romantic complication unfolds as hidden feelings between Hector and Carmen unfurl. Though they both bottle up their affections, Iris senses something. This romantic triangle escalates even more when Chuy and his henchmen unleash this master plan to cripple all of Hector’s relationships and disrupt his yard sale fundraiser.

Hector’s feeble resistance only ends in disaster. The urgency of his re-engagement party continues to grow more imperative. Misfortune and immense pressure guide Hector to a climatic crossroad where looters, riots, catfights, and The Lord of the Fingers await.
THE SOUNDS OF THE YARDSALE

Blazin’ Music in the Yardsale... Special appearance by "P.O.D.". Special appearance by LiL Rob a.k.a 1218. Film Soundtrack includes Lil Rob, Mr. Capone–E feat. Zapp, Lil Uno, Young Sicc, NB Ridaz. Dj intro form Xavier The X-Man. And much. much more…