6 years 6 months and 6 days ago...




Oh, what a tangled website we
weave when first we practice.

The diGERATi Present

Syngress_Software_Piracy_Exposed_Sep_2005_ebook-DIGERATI

Release Info

Packager......: DIGPACKER      ISBN..........: 1932266984
Supplier......: DIGERATI       Language......: English
Pages.........: 323            Format........: PDF
Company.......: Syngress       Release-Date..: Feb-22-2006
Publishing   Files.........: xx/07

URL: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1932266984/

Release Notes

For every $2 worth of software purchased legally, $1 worth
of software is pirated illegally. For the first time ever,
the dark underground of how software is stolen and traded
over the internet is revealed. The technical detail
provided will open the eyes of software users and
manufacturers worldwide! This book is a tell-it-like-it-is
expos of how tens of billions of dollars worth of software
is stolen every year. Did you know that most of the
software on your computer, and nearly every program you've
heard of, can be obtained without charge? In less time
than it would take you to drive down to your "friendly
neighborhood computer store" and purchase a software
program, you can download the exact same program from the
internet for free! Obtaining something intended to be sold
without paying is "controversial" to say the least. But
whether you call if "free for the asking," "software
piracy," or just out-and-out "stealing;" downloading,
copying, and sharing software is being done by thousands
of people everyday. This book explains the epidemic
problem of software piracy in great detail for both
software users and manufacturers.

Greets to all who work hard to make the scene

secure and enjoyable for everyone!

Some general notes...

- we dont want our releases spread via usenet,ftp
- we dont want our releases being listed on
several public dupe-sites like nforce
- we dont want to see our releases on public places
- nor do we support one of these points

Think about it and try to make the scene as secure...
... as possible

Ascii by Yce*Remorse