[img]http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91v4ikJ7hxL._AA1500_.jpg[/img]

Directors: Tyler Walker 
Format: Animated, Widescreen, Color, Subtitled 
Language: Japanese, English 
Subtitles: English 


In this third set, the supernatural comedy-adventure Fairy Tail careens along like a skateboard on a steep hill. As the stalwarts of Fairy Tail battle the sinister Phantom Lord Guild, the viewer learns that Lucy belongs to the fabulously wealthy and powerful Heartfilia family. But she's rejected her cold and mercenary father for the warm loyalty of her friends. Natsu goes one-on-one with Jaleel the Iron Dragon, and the viewer gets a hint of the scale of his latent power; Gray inadvertently wins the heart of water wizard Juvia ("drip, drip, drop"). The loyalty Lucy declared in the fight with the Phantom Lord wizards is severely tested when she discovers the shady background of guild lothario Loke, and brings his sad story to a satisfactory conclusion. The series takes a darker turn when Natsu, Gray, Lucy, and Juvia learn about Erza's unhappy childhood in a sinister tale that pits the Guild members against their most deadly foe to date: Jellal, the servant of Zeref, a god who is the embodiment of hatred. But even in dire situations, the filmmakers leaven the threats with a healthy dose of slapstick: Natsu fights two of Jellal's minions with his head stuck in a kawaii (ultra-cute) cat mask. In short, these adventures and misadventures deliver everything the rapidly growing cadre of fans expect from Fairy Tail. (Rated TV 14: cartoon violence, minor risqué humor, alcohol use) --Charles Solomon 
(25. A Flower Blooms in the Rain, 26. Wings of Flame, 27. The Two Dragon Slayers, 28. Fairy Law, 29. My Resolve, 30. Next Generation, 31. A Star Removed from the Sky, 32. Celestial Spirit King, 33. The Tower of Heaven, 34. Jellal, 35. Voice of Darkness, 36. Heaven's Game) 


Product Description
Across the Fiore kingdom, wizards join guilds and make their pay by filling magical needs—but one guild has a reputation as the roughest, rowdiest, most dangerous of all: Fairy Tail!
The guild-on-guild mayhem continues as Fairy Tail struggles to fend off Phantom Lord—whose Element 4 must be defeated in order to disable a massive magic cannon aimed at guild headquarters! With a never surrender attitude, Natsu and his friends push their powers to the limit to protect Lucy and save Magnolia from total annihilation! Then, Erza’s tortured past returns to haunt her when estranged friends ambush a well-deserved vacation. Her team tracks them down to a looming tower where a possessed wizard close to Erza’s heart puts them in a sinister game of life or death! 

