Product Details

    Pub. Date: January 2012
    Publisher: Cengage Learning
    
    ISBN-13: 9781133190561
    ISBN: 1133190561
    Edition Description: Comprehens

Synopsis

Get Synched! Learning happens when students and instructors effectively connect and communicate. NEW PERSPECTIVES ON COMPUTER CONCEPTS 2013 makes it possible. This edition goes beyond the computer basics and covers relevant technical and practical information that matter to students' daily lives.
Biography

June Parsons and Dan Oja purchased their first computer, an Apple II+, in 1981 and quickly became fluent in BASIC, dBASE II, Lotus 123, WordStar, and a variety of accounting programs. The next year, they opened a successful small computer retail store that also offered software instruction to children and adults. June taught at the university level for more than 20 years, has a doctorate in Educational Technology, and was certified by the ICCP in 1995. June and Dan began writing and creating educational software for Course Technology in 1992. They contributed to the Windows for Business and Illustrated Series and developed the New Perspectives, e-Course, and Practical series. They work via the Internet with a team of highly skilled media specialists and desktop publishers located in various states and provinces.

June Parsons and Dan Oja purchased their first computer, an Apple II+, in 1981 and quickly became fluent in BASIC, dBASE II, Lotus 123, WordStar, and a variety of accounting programs. The next year, they opened a successful small computer retail store that also offered software instruction to children and adults. June taught at the university level for more than 20 years, has a doctorate in Educational Technology, and was certified by the ICCP in 1995. June and Dan began writing and creating educational software for Course Technology in 1992. They contributed to the Windows for Business and Illustrated Series and developed the New Perspectives, e-Course, and Practical series. They work via the Internet with a team of highly skilled media specialists and desktop publishers located in various states and provinces.
