FEAR 2: Expanded Edition (ENG/RUS) [RePack] by z10yded

Year: September 3, 2009 
Year in Russia: January 28, 2010 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person 
Developer: Monolith Productions 
Publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment 
Publication Type: RePack 
Language: English/Russian
Sound language: English


System requirements: 
Operating system: Windows ┬« XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7 
Processor: Pentium ┬« 4 2.8 GHz or equivalent Athlon 64 X2 
Memory: 1 GB RAM (1,5 GB for Vista / 7) 
Hard drive: 16 GB 
Sound device: compatible with DirectX 9.0c 
Video: 256 MB - compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c and Shader 2.0b (GeForce 6800 or Radeon X1600) 


The grand and atmospheric shooter FEAR 2 is back - in a completely new look! The structure of an enlarged edition, except for the full game, including all the official updates and additions. Special surprises will be totally new single player campaign in which you will be destined to once again face the terrible Paxton Vettel, the legendary villain of the first game. Fans will be able to arrange online fights the battle on the new maps - and with new modes of multiplayer games. Besides, now the game does not require a hard peg to the Internet. Terrible girl Alma has become even closer, a favorite shooter - even more accessible! [/font][/size]

Features: 

Full Game FEAR 2 and all official add-ons including F.E.A.R. 2 - Reborn 
New single company. Paxton Fettel is back! 
New maps and modes for the brutal battles online 
And most importantly - no activation over the Internet!
Repacked size    4.2GB
Extracted size  23.3GB
At least 30.5 GB Free Disk Space is required.

Release date: February 13, 2009
Release date in Russia: 13 February 2009
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person
Developer: Monolith Productions
Publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive
Publisher in Russia: New Disc
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Publication Type: RePack
Tablet: enclosing
Platform: PC

F.E.A.R. 2 - Project Origin

The long-awaited sequel to FEAR, one of the best first-person shooter! You once again expected to wade to the bone horror, excellent, detailed graphics and exciting storyline. Already familiar and new weapons, including mechanical walking suit "Stormtrooper" again will help in this fight. This time it will unfold not only in buildings and transitions, but also in the open. The enemies have learned to act as a group, as a trained assault unit, they will cover each other with fire, try to go back. In F.E.A.R. 2 Project Origin you will face a totally unexpected tricks and techniques of urban combat, which present special. The atmosphere of constant, inexplicable fear cause to look around in search of danger - it seems that behind always someone there! Heard noises, groans and rustling steps creepy Alma girl image shudder, and all the more frightening it becomes a vision sent.


Features
"The official continuation of the famous first-person action
"The battle for the survival of mankind on the ruined streets
"Engrossing atmosphere of this horror
"A huge selection of totally unique weapons
"The most terrible character of computer games - a girl Alma!
"Enhancements - Support for 64-bit multi-core processors and DirectX ┬« 10




[F.E.A.R. 2 - Reborn


Release date: September 3, 2009
Release date in Russia: January 28, 2010
Genre: Action (Shooter) / Add-on / 3D / 1st Person
Developer: Monolith Productions
Publisher: Warner Bros. Interactive
Publisher in Russia: New Disc
Language: English / Russian
Sound language: English / Russian
Publication Type: RePack
Tablet: enclosing
Platform: PC


The player will act as a clone trooper Replica codenamed Foxtrot813. He begins to fall under the influence of Alma and eventually begins to fight against their colleagues. Thus the gameplay turned out quite original and not similar to the other parts.


Features
"There is an opportunity to slow down time in a multiplayer game that greatly increases your advantage over the enemy.
"The four new levels, a single company, you'll play a robot clone Foxtrot813

Turn off or disable stupid Antiviruses like Norton or AVG as they may detect setup exe false positive.[/font][/size]  







   


