Cyber Update Mar.2012DB-20201 Amber Rayne  + Pics


For the grand finale of Amber's live show, she is drug out of a cage, led around by her hair, and affixed spread eagle to the ground with metal restraints drilled into the floor around her wrists, ankles, and neck. "Looks like we are ready for some fun," a member types. Her nubile body stretched taut only emphasizes her incredible physique and amazing nipples.


JP takes full advantage of her predicament. Her breasts are flogged with a nasty and stingy flogger. Her thigh muscles bulge in response to a lot of attention. She can't breathe because the sting is intense. JP administers more onto her inner thighs. He takes his foot and jams it on her pussy while he flogs her cunt. There is no escape.


Another flogger is selected as JP coats her entire body with its pain. JP mentioned his favorite part to cane is the shins. Apparently this is a new sensation for Amber and her response is quite vocal. Isis thinks she is whining too much and joins the action dishing out a nice side of flogging on her ribs, chest, and abdomen to give Amber perspective on what real pain is. Got to love teamwork. That however is only a small taste of what the two sadists care to dish out. JP massages her pressure points under her arms while Isis tickles her. Amber seems to not be able to decide what is worse - ticking or caning.


Isis muses and wonders where else can they get her body pink. JP decides her arms and calves are a good location. Isis wants to see her body glisten and rubs Amber down with oil. JP says "not very many people can pull this off so pay attention." JP and Isis come in with wax dripping it all over Amber's body. She thanks them as the wax drips all over her in heat waves of sheets and drips. Her abs contract as the wax is layered over her tight thin oiled body. Into her armpits, onto her tongue, she can't hide. All she can utter is "oh my goodness."


JP comes after her, fingering her cunt and a vibrator on her clit. Amber is given 30 seconds to cum but she has to count up to her orgasm. JP mercilessly pounds her tight cunt with his long fingers and as she reaches her 30 count JP encourages her with "Come on Whore." She explodes in a hot fury, cumming hard and thanks him for her orgasm, quivering and twitching in her bonds. Smiling, she is released from her predicament. A member says finally "I think she is in subspace."


JP and Isis congratulate Amber on a job well done. Released, she cries out of happiness. At the end we get to listen to Amber's candid thoughts and her recitation of what happened during the whole live show and her gratitude for the experience.



Job well done Amber and welcome back!


Screens  http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=20201


Cheers  :-)