CD/DVD DOOR GUARD PRO

Your small child plays with a door of DVD drive on your computer? It’s a real headache. DVD device is not designed for children’s playing with it, and its door may break. It’s rather hard and expensive to repair a DVD drive with the broken door properly. The simplest solution is to stop you child’s playing with it.

CD/DVD Door Guard Pro is the perfect solution to prevent crash of DVD devices. Just download and install CD/DVD Door Guard Pro, and the utility will start to protect your drive immediately. Clicking a few times, you can lock the DVD device’s door. After locking it, pressure on the button on front of DVD drive will not take effect. CD/DVD Door Guard Pro can lock this device automatically at logging on, and unlock it each time you open the device’s door from CD/DVD Door Guard Pro menu.

CD/DVD Door Guard Pro not only locks the door of DVD drive. It also watches ejecting disks and closes the door when you forget to do it. For example, it can close the door after burning disks. When you turn of your computer and forget a disk inside the DVD drive, CD/DVD Door Guard Pro will remind about it.

CD/DVD Door Guard Pro provides you the most effective software protection for optical drives on market and allows you to customize any actions concerning the protection. You may lock and unlock, open and close the drive's door using "hot keys", may play sound notifying about locking/unlocking it, and may customize what the utility will do when you click on its icon in tray. CD/DVD Door Guard Pro is not just effective in protection, it is also really handy.

Features of CD/DVD Door Guard Pro:

Closes CD/DVD drive's door when you forget to do it.
Works on computers with many CD/DVD devices and allows to have different settings for each drive.
Helps to lock CD/DVD drive's door. This helps to protect it from children and casual pressures.
Unlocks the drive's door automatically when you open or close it automatically with help of CD/DVD Door Guard Pro.
Helps to lock the drive when Windows starts. You won't forget to protect CD/DVD drive from crash!
Locks CD/DVD drive when computer goes to sleep mode. This helps to protect your laptop's CD/DVD drive from ejecting its door unexpectedly.
Unlocks CD/DVD drive when computer wakes up.
Reminds about forgotten disk inside the drive when computer shuts down or goes to sleep mode.
Not only shows messages, but can also beep when you lock or unlock the drive or forget disk inside it.
Helps you to open CD/DVD drive's door with hot keys or CD/DVD Door Guard Pro's icon in system tray.
Supports different languages for interface. See list of translations here.
Updates itself automatically.

System requirements:

Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7
64 Mb RAM 
About 2 Mb HDD space 
CD/DVD/Blu-ray drive(s) 

Homepage: http://www.lock-dvd-drive.com/cd-dvd-door-guard-pro.php

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Block program, thru firewall to access internet.
4. Done, Enjoy.