S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Fly'N (c) Ankama

17-11-2012......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
Platformer.........Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Fly'N is a PC platformer in which players control four original
characters with their own complementary abilities. They are the
guardians of the World-Trees: the Buds. It's only by combining and by
playing with their powers that the Buds will be able to find the right
path when the situation seems impossible.

Save the World-Trees from Dyer, the loony hair-dryer who intends to
destroy their Helys It's up to you to control the four different
characters with unique powers, guardians of the World-Trees: the Buds.
But watch out - their path will be peppered with pitfalls, each one
more hazardous than the rest When you find yourself in a tricky
situation, you'll have to figure out which combination of actions will
save the day.

Somewhere between a platformer, a puzzle game and a great big dollop
of pure fun, Fly'N is ready to take off

Features:

Experiment with the four Buds and their individual powers to save the
World-Trees

Fly'N uses his singing to interact with his environment and keep
moving.

Lyft can stick to almost any wall.

Ywok, once inflated like a balloon, is invincible and bounces
everywhere.

Nyls propels himself through the air.

Switch between Innate and Subtle Visions when to find your way through.

Redistribute the Helys in order to play with the environment and free
the inhabitants of Helicia.

Challenge your skills through more than forty levels.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision
