The Left Hand Path is a show dedicated to the underground in Sludge/Doom/Stoner Metal from the rust belt (midwest america) and around the world. You will also get the pleasure of hearing Black Metal and some Death Metal from time to time, and depending on the mood various other genres.Kicking ass and taking names from Columbus,Ohio The Left Hand Path is all about bringing to the listener a barrage upon the ears. Your host, DJ Baphom3t moved from a shithole town in Indiana to Columbus,Ohio. He has become a active member within the local music scene there helping to promote bands From that area. There will also be ocassional interviews with some of the bands from the Ohio area that are played on the show along with featuring whole albums for your listening pleasure. Be sure to tune in and prepare to have your earholes sonically raped.
Keep up with me on my page @
Be sure to like it !!


Come visit us @ http://www.coreofdestructionradio.com/
Meet the rest of the DJ's @ http://www.coreofdestructionradio.com/meet-our-crew.htm
We also have a chatroom/IRC channel you can use via the site @ http://www.coreofdestructionradio.com/chat.htm  or in your IRC client on Rizon servers or irc://irc.cccp-project.net  and join  #codradio

5-27-2012 Playlist pt.1
1. Dark Castle - Stare Into Absence
2. Whores. - Fake Life
3. Fire in the Cave - Aeden Carr
4. Bong Breaker - Vengeance
5. Bongripper - Satan
6. Belzebong - Bong Thrower
7. Stone Angels - Bleeding Black
8. Dopethrone - Tap Runner
9. Huata - Lords of the Flame
10. The Christpunchers - Destroying Angel Decends
11. Dopethrone - Dark Foil
12. Batillus - Deadweight
13. Dragged Into Sunlight - To Hieron
14. Super Mutant - Three Milligrams
15. Antigama - Find The Function

5-27-2012 Playlist pt.2
16. Hooded Menace - Instruments Of Eternal Damnation
17. The Tarpeian Fall - So Vivid, So Violent
18. Naam - The Starchild
19. Black Sleep of Kali - Eyes of Winter
20. Cough - 288 Years of Sin
21. EYE - Restorers
22. Drainland - Jellyfish
23. Astroll - Red Cannon
24. Old Man Gloom - The Forking Path
25. Dead Southern Bishop - Bitter
26. Vulture - Long I Crawl
27. Traitors Return to Earth - Locust Race
28. Brainoil - Bury the Pages of Existence