Follow my uploads here:              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Coach’s Eye provides the most effective way for anyone to coach or learn form and technique. Improve your pitcher's fastball, straighten your golf swing, easily break down a volleyball serve, improve soccer skills, or even demonstrate weightlifting form. Every coach, parent and athlete needs an edge and Coach's Eye delivers. Coach’s Eye is the easiest to use video analysis software ever made and it’s packed with amazing capabilities. Neither you nor your athletes will be disappointed.

INSTANT VIDEO REVIEW

    RECORD VIDEO. Our built in video camera makes it easy to record and review your athlete's performance on the field, analyze their technique on the spot and make immediate corrections.
    SLOW-MOTION REVIEW. Our unique flywheel is optimized to allow fluid, precise video scrubbing. You will be amazed at how easy it is to identify and review technique or play execution.
    REVIEW ON BIG SCREEN. Use Coach’s Eye to review video on your TV monitor or projector through HDMI or Bluetooth™ connection. (Device dependent)

COMPLETE VIDEO ANALYSIS

    DRAWING TOOLS. Annotate your video using lines, arrows, circles, squares and freehand tools. Marking up and breaking down footage like a pro is drop dead simple.
    AUDIO VOICE OVER. Record your thoughts while scrubbing through and breaking down footage. Your voice will be synced to the video’s slow motion, scrubbing and drawn annotations.
    NAMING. Give your video a name that is specific to the athlete, drill, or activity being recorded.

SIMPLE VIDEO SHARING

    EMAIL or TEXT MESSAGE videos directly to coaches, athletes or parents. Videos can be viewed on their computer or mobile device.
    GALLERY. Shared videos are added to your Gallery. You can share those videos to DropBox and other destinations.
    OTHER APPS. Share links to your videos directly to any app that will share text (Facebook, Twitter, Evernote and more).

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 13, 2012)

    Ability to rotate videos
    Added scribble arrow
    Tap to autofocus
    Some bug fixes

Required Android O/S : 2.3.3+


                                By bobiras2009		