"A Trip Down Sunset Strip" is the sole album by US Psychedelic Rock group "The Leathercoated Minds" Produced and featuring on lead guitar J.J. Cale. 1967.

"The Sunset Strip" is synonymous with action and excitement and certainly has become a focal point of all west coast trends. It is the hub of creativity for the teenset and young adults of Los Angeles - avant garde styles of both dress and behavior are commonplace and flowing beards and unkempt hair are everywhere. On weekends, traffic is backed up for miles - cars filled with tourists gape open-mouthed at a street filled with almost unbelievably dressed people. On street corners, hundreds of the "beat" set gather to discuss everything from LSD to politics, but foremost in their conversation is, "what's happening in music."
In this album, we are trying to paint sound pictures of the Strip - the voices that you hear above each recording are the actual voices of the Strip's inhabitants. The traffic noises are real-recorded on location. The songs contained in this album are "what's happening" - most of them got their start in the Hollywood area and later became national hits.
The Leathercoated Minds are typical of the groups that are bred and nurtured by Hollywood. They understand and feel west coast music and have tried to pass along their excitement to you.
We sincerely hope that you will be given a mental "Trip Down the Sunset Strip" when you listen to this album.

Track Listing

01. Eight Miles High (2:10)
02. Sunset And Clark (1:58)
03. Psychotic Reaction (2:30)
04. Over Under Sideways Down (2:14)
05. Sunshine Superman (3:22)
06. Non-Stop (2:15)
07. Arriba (2:26)
08. Kicks (2:46)
09. Mr. Tambourine Man (2:13)
10. Puff (The Magic Dragon) (2:28)
11. Along Comes Mary (2:07)
12. Pot Luck (2:11)


Band Members

J.J. Cale: Guitar
Roger Tillison: Vocals, Acoustic Guitar
Terrye Tillison: Vocals
Leon Russell: Keyboard
Jesse Ed Davis: Guitar
Gary Gilmore: Bass
Jimmy "Junior" Markham: Vocals
Gary Sanders: Vocals
Jimmy Karstein: Drums, Percussion


Additional Info.

Genre: Psychedelic Rock
Year: 1967
Country: USA
Label: Viva Records
Catalogue Number: V 6003
Bit Rate: 320 Kbps
Size: 75 MB
Format: Zip
Duration: 28:40
Related Arists: Johnny Cale and the Valentines, J.J. Cale & Eric Clapton, Audie Ashworth, Eric Clapton, Gypsy Trips, Asylum Choir, Willie Nelson & Leon Russell, Leon & Mary Russell, Leon Russell & The New Grass Revival, Bobby "Boris" Pickett & The Crypt-Kickers, Elton John & Leon Russell
Covers: Front, Back & Gatefold