THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13 XBOX360-iMARS

The worldΓÇÖs number one selling golf video game franchise returns with an array 
of exciting new features, including an original feature that gives you the 
opportunity to experience first-hand Tigers golf legacy! Relive Tiger Woods most 
memorable golf moments from child prodigy to golfing legend! Also, through unique 
online and social features, create your own country club, and use coins earned 
through game play or team up with country club members to play exclusive golf 
courses. And bring your reallife swing to the game with the first controllerfree, 
voice-enabled and body tracking sports simulation to support the Kinect for Xbox 360.

Features:

Kinect for Xbox 360 Integration: Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13 will be the first-ever sports 
simulation for the Kinect for Xbox 360, tracking full body movements to create the 
most advanced virtual golf swing to date. Controller-free and voice-enabled controls 
provide for a unique, never- before-seen sports gaming experience.

Total Swing Control: Taking its most significant leap forward in swing mechanics in 
over a decade, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13 revolutionizes the virtual golf swing. Golfers 
will take full control over their swing with all-new tempo, swing plane and shot power 
controls along with an adjustable shot setup, allowing players to address the ball in 
a number of ways creating countless shots with just one club.

Experience TigerΓÇÖs Legacy: Relive first-hand Tiger WoodsΓÇÖ most memorable golf 
accomplishments as he rises from a child prodigy to golfing legend.

Online Country Clubs: Entry into your own exclusive country club is now at your 
fingertips with Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13. Invite friends to your club, team up to 
gain quicker access to exclusive golf courses or compete against other club members 
for the coveted Club Championship.

15 Additional Championship Courses: Take on the best of the best on some of the 
worlds most celebrated courses.

Become a Masters Champion: Once again experience the thrill of competing against the 
worldΓÇÖs greatest golfers on the hallowed grounds of Augusta National Golf Club, vying 
to etch your name in history and become Masters champion.

22 Licensed Professional Golfers: Fans can take to the links with any one of 22 PGA Tour
golfers in Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13, including Tiger Woods, 2011 US Open Champion Rory 
McIlroy, 2010 PGA Tour Rookie of the Year Rickie Fowler and Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13 US 
cover art finalist Bubba Watson.

Platform: XBOX360
Format: XGD2
Region: Region Free
Size: 1DVD
Language: English
Genre: Sport, Golf

[img]http://www.freeimage.us/image-E179_4F6D1CAD.jpg[/img]
[img]http://www.freeimage.us/image-AC5E_4F6D1CAD.jpg[/img]
