The Casey Report examines global economics and markets to identify emerging trends and the investment opportunities they offer — ahead of the crowd.

Identifying emerging economic trends — and exploiting the investment opportunities associated with them — is the underlying principle of The Casey Report. It’s a powerful technique that’s been tremendously profitable for Casey Research subscribers for nearly three decades.

Doug Casey and his team continually observe global economic and market developments to identify early-stage emerging trends. They then make specific recommendations for investments that will most benefit from those trends.

The goal is profit. The recommendation could be a stock, a physical commodity, an ETF, or a mutual fund. It could even be an option or futures contract, if that’s the best way to capitalize on the trend. Whatever the recommendation, the team will provide specific advice about how to get in, and at what price. It may also include what to avoid.

For example, while Americans were still flipping homes faster than burgers at McDonald’s, Doug Casey wrote in October 2006:

I believe it’s going to get much worse. As people who bought houses with floating-rate mortgages and little money down slip into default, millions of dwellings will hit a no-bid market. And when hundreds of billions in loans go bad, the institutions holding them and the whole American financial structure will be threatened with a deflationary collapse. Millions of people could lose their jobs in an economy that just doesn’t need that many mortgage brokers, real estate speculators, and McMansion builders – or waiters at restaurants those brokers, speculators, and builders can no longer afford. The Fed will try to prevent this by creating more dollars. But then foreigners – and smart Americans – will treat the currency units like hot potatoes.

So he advised his readers to get out of mainstream stocks and Treasuries, to be prepared for energy and commodities to take a short-term dive, and to use the fall in commodity prices to stock up on precious metals. His lone voice about the impending disaster was, of course, spot on. And his advice made fortunes for many and preserved fortunes for many more.

The Casey team has been consistently accurate in its forecasts:

    They recommended gold in 2000, when the metal was at $270/ounce
    They recommended energy investments when a barrel of oil was $35
    They recommended uranium stocks for gains as high as 3,000% — and recommended getting out before the uranium bubble burst.

The Casey Report is researched and written by a brilliant four-person team with vast experience in economic and investment policy
 
caseyresearch.com