THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Ninja Gaiden 3 NTSC XBOX360-iMARS

Ninja Gaiden 3 offers for the first time a look at the world through Hayabusa’s 
eyes, showing what drives him to fight, and kill. At the center of the conflict 
this time around is a masked man whose motivations and goals are unclear. 
Through mysterious powers, he changes Hayabusa – and the lines between hero and 
villain, good and evil, are blurred forever.

Featuring a new story, new gameplay and new modes, Ninja Gaiden 3 marks a 
new direction in this fan-favorite franchise. Team Ninja aims to change the 
way fans think about ninja and Hayabusa in this game, and promise that they’ll 
know what it feels like to “cut someone down” through their experiences in 
the game. The game will also feature online multiplayer, both co-op and 
competitive, that will add a completely new experience to Ninja Gaiden. 
A new Play Style system allows casual players to choose automatic guarding 
and evasion assists (HERO mode) while giving core players the freedom to play 
with no assists (NINJA mode). Pick up the Dragon Sword once more, sharpen its 
blade and hone your skills. An adventure unlike any other awaits you…

Features:

Cutting Down your Enemy: Through new gameplay mechanics and presentation, 
players will feel what it’s like to cut through an enemy’s flesh and bone, 
along with the consequence that comes with it.

A Hero Unmasked: With a new story and new characters, players will learn 
more about Hayabusa’s past and present life than ever before. Once seen 
only as a mindless killing machine, players will unravel layers of their 
hero as they see his motivations and learn about the man behind the mask.

High-Octane Ninja Action: Built upon the same intense action that the 
series is renowned for, Ninja Gaiden 3 will challenge players while 
still remaining accessible for players new to the franchise.

Online Action: A rich and challenging set of online modes are being 
implemented, giving players the option to play cooperatively or 
competitively. The “Ninja World” system lets players control and 
customize an ordinary ninja to try to advance him to the top where 
Ryu Hayabusa himself reigns. New challenges, characters and missions 
await those who choose to join the Shadows of the World online!

Platform: XBOX360
Region: NTSC/U
Format: XGD3
Size: 01 DVD 
Genre: Action
Languages: English

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-F6BB_4F64371E.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-975E_4F64371E.jpg