

Release info:


IObit Malware Fighter is a professional software to remove malware and spyware, which could be the deepest infections of spyware, ads, spyware, Trojans, Keyloggers, Bots, worms and the Hayjkr detected and the system is clean. Nuclear engine with two powerful malware detection, IObit Malware Fighter will enable them to be the most complex and the most dangerous spyware is removed from the system at high speed. Bdyt in this way you will get full security.

This security software can speed search the deepest infections, and if necessary, remove them or quarantine. Various sectors such as anti-malware, anti-spyware, anti-adware, anti-trojan, anti-bots, and ... The software program makes the family is together. If you have an antivirus you use, you can install IObit Malware Fighter to discover new and complex risks, it can help.
 
The new version of the software also allows users to review and analyze the space cloud cloud technology to detect spyware, adware, Trojans, keyloggers, worms and ... Provided in a completely safe manner.
Beautiful User Interface allows the user to the four-part "Overview", "Scan", "Protect" and "Cloud" to pay your activities. 
 
Features of the software Iobit Malware Fighter:
- 100% of all viruses and malware detection .
- safe high speed Amynyt Statup including Windows, browser security, network security, file security, security, cookies, security processes, security drive USB and etc. 
- High speed and low volume .
- Easy to use with just one click .
- Compatible with all existing antivirus .
- up automatically in the background without interfering in your daily routine .
- Regular automatic updates During the software update to update databases and identify new risks .

Source:
Thanks to the original uploader.
GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.

Install:
1.Run setup file & install [Disable ur internet]
2.Run from desktop shortcut
3.Activate the program


