

S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Jagged Alliance - Back in Action (c) Kalypso

08-02-2012........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
Strategy/RPG.........Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Jagged Alliance Back in Action is a contemporary remake of the latest
title in the much-loved Jagged Alliance series of turn-based
mercenary-themed strategy games.

Designed from the ground up to offer a modern gaming experience, Back
in Action showcases an updated isometric 3D look and interface, highly
detailed character models and a variety of new gameplay features. Back
in Action takes players to the fictitious country of Arulco, where a
ruthless dictator has seized power and only a small group of rebels
stand to resist him. Tasked with freeing the island from the dictator's
iron grip, players will command rebel and mercenary forces while using
tactical, diplomatic and economic tools to keep troops supplied and
ready for the next flight, all while commanding them directly in
nail-biting battles.

Back in Action's innovative plan & go combat system combines
real-time strategy (RTS) with turn-based elements to guarantee that the
intricacies of tactical warfare are rendered in dynamic, exciting
gameplay. This challenges would-be commanders to master not only
strategy and tactical combat, but also to maximize their team's
capabilities through RPG-like character advancement.

Features:

Unrivaled mix of combat (tactics), roleplay, business and strategy

Innovative "Plan & Go" combat system combines RTS gameplay with
turn-based elements

Realistic war setting with authentic-looking firearms

Laptop/computer menu as a central anchor point for the player

Assemble your own unit of mercenaries from numerous unique mercenaries

Simultaneous control of multiple squads using a strategic map

Convincing characters who interact with and comment on the game events

All the dialog has audio

Acquire resources by capturing mines and encampments

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content on the DVD, for
setting language of your choice.