This was posted in another torrent but the user didn't seed. So for those who wanted it ... all credit to the scanner!

------

From Rolling Stone:

Eminem has primed audiences for his long-awaited Relapse with a bloody video for the single "3 A.M.," a first look at a bloody iPhone game and now a bloody Marvel comic book featuring Shady squaring off against gun-wielding antihero the Punisher. You can read the edited comic ΓÇö the cuss words are just "####" ΓÇö on the Marvel site now. Eminem's love of the Marvel Universe's skull-shirted vigilante is no secret, as the rapper recently appeared on two different covers of XXL's June issue, dressed as the Punisher.

Eminem/Punisher: Kill You was written by Fred Van Lente and drawn by Salvador Larroca, both comic-book vets. The first half of the comic comes with the June XXL as a special collectors edition; the second half can be nabbed at Marvel Digital Comics Unlimited for free starting today.

The plot (spoiler alert!): After a concert, Eminem's posse is gunned down by the Punisher. Slim Shady manages to escape with his old convict friend Barracuda and take refuge in a safe house. The Punisher finds them, but Eminem guns down the Punisher first, actually uttering the line, "You don't want to #### with Shady 'cuz Shady will ####in' kill you" as he pulls the trigger. Turns out, Barracuda was hired by the Parents Music Council to kill Eminem, and that Punisher was there protecting the rapper from the murderous wrath of censorship. Barracuda then shoots Eminem, but both the rapper and the Punisher were wearing their trusty bulletproof vests so we move to Act II.

Barracuda takes the unconscious duo and puts them onto a boat and sails them to wherever they film Deadliest Catch, from what we can gather. Barracuda throws Em off the boat hoping he'll sink to the bottom but instead he lands on a fjord of ice and runs away. After Em escapes, he treks across the tundra and finds a grizzly old fisherman who just happens to be a huge Eminem fan (as evidenced by his Relapse-embossed iPod.) This huge fan also happens to have a chainsaw on hand. Anyone who's seen Pulp Fiction knows what happens next.

Read more: http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/eminem-battles-the-punisher-in-special-edition-comic-book-20090505#ixzz2FAerM841
Follow us: @rollingstone on Twitter | RollingStone on Facebook
