Title: Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver
Genre: action / platformer / 3rd-person
Released: 8th September 1999
Developer: Crystal Dynamics
Publisher: Square Enix
Description:
Many years after the events in Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain, Kain has created an empire in the world of Nosgoth where almost all humans have been exterminated. To help him maintain control over such a large territory he chose five lieutenants to command his vampire forces. Your name is Raziel and you are one of those lieutenants. Ages have passed by and during that time you have been ΓÇ£blessedΓÇ¥ with something no other vampire has, wings. Kain, being evil and jealous, punishes you for your "transgression" by tearing your wings off and casting you down into the Lake of the Dead. A millenium has passed while Raziel laid forgotten before he is brought back to existence by The Elder God. He becomes a soul reaver with one purpose only - to kill Kain.

Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver continues the story from Blood Omen in a very clever and interesting way, while also adding many new gameplay features. One of those improvements is the ability to shift between the spectral and material planes. Both worlds overlap each other in a way that allows Raziel to overcome obstacles in one world by simply shifting to the other. But beware, because both of those planes are anything but a safe place and something that is harmless on one side can kill you on the other. Soul Reaver is a chapter in a series of masterpieces. With a gripping story, fluent gameplay, and a number of unique features, it is clearly one of the most prominent titles in gaming history and it is surely worth checking out.

Bonus content: artworks, avatars, manual, soundtrack.

How to play:
1) Download the game;
2) Run setup_legacy_of_kain_soul_reaver_1.0.0.10.exe to install;
3) Start the game using main executable or shortcuts.

! Notice
ATI users: if you can't select Direct3D Mode in the configuration panel, extract ATI Direct3D Fix.zip archive to game folder (overwrite old file).

! Notice
The soundtrack is not part of the official GOG bonus content for the game. I decided to include it because it comes from the original composers and it's really good. 

If you like the game, BUY it!