www.oodegr.com/english/protestantism/protestantism.htm 

YOU KNOW ABOUT SECTS?YOU WANT TO LEARN ABOUT ORTHODOXY? 

From Protestant to Orthodox 
Protestants and particularly evangelicals take a "minimalist" approach to Salvation. They focus on Salvation as justification: "I can go to heaven rather than hell." Plenty of people recognize that being a Christian is more than just a matter of "fire insurance," but it is easy to be fooled by one's own sales pitch-- "Just accept Jesus as your savior". Plenty of people think that is all there is to it.
This will be the only post on this blog, and it's for the sole purpose of sharing my testimony of how I converted from Evangelical Protestantism to the Eastern Orthodox Church. After the text of the testimony, there are two appendices: the first is a breakdown of the earliest bishops in the Christian Church and their beliefs, and the second is a brief defense addressing from Scripture certain issues Evangelicals have with Orthodoxy. Enjoy. 

"If any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. The old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new." II Cor. 5:17 


BEGINNINGS 
When I talk with people "who knew me when"ΓÇöduring my first twenty years of life as an Evangelical ProtestantΓÇöI usually am met with a variety of reactions when I tell them that, in the middle of my time at one of the nation's foremost charismatic universities, I decided to convert to the Eastern Orthodox Church. Some are offended, as though I were rejecting everything I'd been taught to believe as a good Protestant; others react with genuine, open curiosity, since the Orthodox Church is still relatively unknown to many Americans; still others react with dismay, convinced that I've traded in biblical, relationship-based Christianity for the rules and regulations of the Pharisees, the exotic "smells and bells" of Orthodoxy's "foreignness," and the off-base traditions of men that only serve to take a soul away from a true, unadulterated relationship with Jesus Christ. It is my hope that this essay will help to shed light on the issues that were central to my conversion, as well as provide insight both to those who are thinking about converting to Orthodoxy and to those who have a loved one on the way into (or already in) the Orthodox Church and are concerned for their spiritual well-being. The Orthodox Church has been, for me, the ultimate revelation of what it means to be "in Christ"; my upbringing in Evangelical Protestantism has not only helped me appreciate this now, but was very much preparing me for this all along.
