    Firefox addons: AdBlock Plus, Bloody Vikings, Download Helper, Ghostery, HTTPS-Everywhere (silent install for your current firefox).
    Pidgin with OTR.
    Vidalia Control Panel & Tor automatically running in background.
    Tor Web Browser that uses your default Firefox (Contains the addons Bloody Vikings, HTTPS-Everywhere, NoScript, Torbutton, websocket disabled).
    Tor IRC (pidgin with OTR connected to Tor with a random username and some relevant chat rooms added to the list).
    Seahorse-Nautilus for easy encryption/decryption of files (optional).
    Network Manager with the Openvpn plugin for easy access to the PPCA VPN Service (optional).
    aMule P2P client (optional).
    Ubuntu restricted extras (suggested).
    Virtual keyboard to prevent keylogging (optional).
    Desktop theme.
    GUI controller.
    All executable binaries that are not from the standard Ubuntu repositories are automatically compiled from source on installation. What you see is what you get.
    Full (source) package automatically creates a binary package while installing, and this binary package can be shared with those who trust you. You are not just a consumer, but also a distributor.
    Bitcoin client (graphical & command-line).
    Cwallet ΓÇô Paper Wallet Backup Creator (graphical & command-line).
    Custom Google Homepage.
    Phatch Image Inspector & Batch Processor (optional).
    GIMP (optional).
    Linphone (optional).
    lm-sensors (optional).
    Automatic updates implemented by adding the Pirate Linux repository to the Aptitude sources list. The Ubuntu/Debian update manager will automatically install the newest PiratePack.
    Helper programs: ffmpeg, qrencode, imagemagick, polipo.
    I2P Browser.
    I2P IRC (pidgin with OTR connected to the standard I2P IRC network with some common chat rooms added to the list).
    Thunderbird + Enigmail (optional).
    MAC address generator (optional).
    OpenNIC DNS option.
    Easily create multiple Tor (Vidalia) instances.
    Firefox Profile Manager ΓÇô easy access (also adds the WhoAmI Firefox addon).

    Piratepack on Ubuntu with some unnecessary packages removed.
    Live Image to quickly try the Ubuntu based system.
    Installer for the Ubuntu based system with full disk encryption by default.
    Convenient access from the boot menu to the Tails Amnesic Incognito Live System (This method of using Tails is not officially supported by the Tails developers, and some features such as the USB installer may not work).

Make sure you install updates (including piratepack), once it is installed (Update Manager from the menu).

I2P may not work as fast as usual due to a small mistake in the installation script of piratepack, but soon there will be an update to piratepack which fixes this.

More info at http://piratelinux.org