Features include:
Color Themes
Change the ascent color of the launcher, full color picker support

Icon Themes
Apply ADW or Go launcher icon themes to all app icons

Scrollable Dock (for Tablets and Phones)
Keep all your favorite apps on the dock, with up to 7 icons per page and up to 3 pages.

Customizable App Drawer:
Transparency
Scrolling style, choose between horizontal paginated or vertical continuous

Scroll Effects
Enjoy eye candy when scrolling your desktop and drawer. Effects include Cube and Cardstack and more for Prime users.

Infinite Scroll
Never be far from your favorite page, loop through your desktop continuously.

Folder Icons
You can chose a background, preview style or even replace the whole icon.

Backup/Restore
Export your settings and layout before a wipe to quickly get back up and running.

Widgets in dock
Add any 1x1 widget to the dock

Widget Overlapping
Overlap on resize or placement, long-press to send to back or bring to front

Bulk Add
Add multiple apps to the desktop or a folder at once

Activities shortcut
Select hidden activities from your favorite apps

Nova Launcher Prime Features (Paid version)

Nova Launcher Prime unlocks the following features in Nova Launcher:

Drawer Groups:

    Folders in App Drawer
    Unlimited custom tabs
    Organize apps into tabs and folders in the app drawer


Gestures
Quickly start Nova Actions or Apps from gestures on the desktop, such as pinching, swiping or two-finger swiping.

Hide Apps
Keep a clutter free drawer by hidding never used apps.

Dock Swipes
Get more use out of your dock apps by setting swipe-actions

Unread Counts
Never miss an email. Unread count badges for SMS, Missed calls and Gmail. Counts show in the dock, desktop, drawer and folders.

What's in this version : (Updated : Jul 25, 2012)

    Jellybean visuals (search bar, animations)
    Greatly reduce load time
    Change in UI on 7" tablets (now like stock Nexus 7)
    Custom widget picker list for Jellybean or Rooted devices
    Improve desktop item padding allowing labels on denser grids
    Bugfixes and performance enhancements

Required Android O/S : 4.0+
