
Rights of Man - Great Thinkers and Great Movements


By Professor Paul Gordon Lauren, Ph.D.,

Stanford University,


TTC Audio Lectures


Understanding the evolution of human rights—its sacrifices, hopes, visions, leaders, and movements—is important to recognizing how valuable and universal they truly are. The story of the rights of man also reflects the triumphant power of the human spirit to change history, even in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds.

Follow this inspirational and profound story in The Rights of Man: Great Thinkers and Great Movements. These 24 lectures tell you the fascinating story of the rights of man, from the visions of history's greatest philosophers, religious leaders, and political thinkers to the awe-inspiring movements that shattered centuries of inequality.

Award-winning Professor Paul Gordon Lauren, one of the world's leading authorities on the history of human rights, guides you in a story that will strengthen your appreciation of your rights—and of the long struggles to obtain them.

Course Lecture Titles

1. The Rights of Man
2. The Heavy Burden of the Past
3. Religious Belief—Duties and Rights
4. Early Philosophical Contributions
5. Natural Rights and the Enlightenment
6. Rights and Revolutions—America and France
7. Rights of Man at the 18th Century's End
8. Abolishing the International Slave Trade
9. Emancipating Slaves and Serfs
10. Promoting the Rights of Women
11. Advancing the Rights of Workers
12. Protecting the Rights of the Wounded
13. Rights of Man as the 20th Century Begins
14. Peacemaking and Rights—Paris, 1919
15. New Departures for the Rights of Man
16. The Gathering Storm and Attack on Rights
17. War, Genocide, and a Crusade for Rights
18. Peacemaking, Rights, and the United Nations
19. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights
20. The Right to Self-Determination
21. The Right to Racial Equality
22. Setting Standards and the Rule of Law
23. Recent Achievements and Challenges
24. The Rights of Man—Past, Present, and Future



TTC Video - The Rights of Man

  
http://www.teach12.com/ttcx/coursedesclong2.aspx?cid=4242


