I have recently come across some MASSIVE collections of music ΓÇô boxed sets, anthologies, discographies ΓÇô that are too big to torrent all together using TPB limits. I am not sure whether to offer them in a zip format, or in groups (1 of 5, 2 of 5, 3 of 5, etc.) This is my first experiment with this, and I will base the others on comments and seeding of this torrent.  I realize that zipped torrents are not popular, but a collection of classical music is not meant to be picked apart, and I would hope that my green skull would be verification enough that this is not a virus or some other foolishness. The zip file DOES NOT require a password; it should work for anyone. On the off chance someone has a problem; this is not a ratio site, so you are ultimately out nothing.

The OP offered it in 24-bit FLAC (80 gig!), regular FLAC, and V0. I did not have enough ratio to grab the flac, but I figure the V0 will do. I have left the Rip Info and Set Scans in a tiny zipped file (TPB does not allow txt files to be loose) so they may be checked out without downloading the entire torrent.

 ΓÇô RAMBAM ~~ thanks to the excellent OP.

"Franklin Mint 100 Greatest Recordings Of All Time
a unique collection of the greatest performances ever recorded,
selected by an international panel of music authorities.
Presented on 100 records of superb quality.

The 100 Greatest Recordings of all time from the Franklin Mint has been called the ultimate private library of fine recorded music. Every recording was selected by a distinguished panel of music authorities (Martin Bookspan, Schuyler G. Chapin, Franco Ferrara, Irving Kolodin, William Mann, R. Gallois Montbrun, Marcel Prawy, Andre Previn, William Schuman and H. H. Stuckenschmidt).

The library was first announced on the 100th anniversary of Thomas Edison's invention of the phonograph. Each recorded treasure was pressed with a special vinyl formulation that enabled a clear, quiet playing surface on a more rigid LP disk. Every record was pressed in an atmosphere controlled "clean room"
There are 50 library cases. Each library case houses two proof-quality long playing records, with each record resting, fully protected, within its own dust free compartment. The record is firmly supported within the closed compartment in such a way that the grooved playing surface never touches any part of the case. Each library case includes a specially written and illustrated commentary, by a respected music expert. The composers and their works are discussed in detail, and background information is provided on the orchestras, conductors, ensembles, and featured soloists.

This is a truly unsurpassed private library of recorded music."

For a PDF Listing of all tracks, go here:
 
http://frankeves.com/images/100-greatest-recordings-reference.pdf


100 Vinyl LPs ripped to perfect flac, transcoded to V0 with dBPoweramp. Compressed to ZIP due to TPB file limitations. Full notes and scans included.