The Four Horsemen - Nobody Said It Was Easy [1991]





01 Nobody Said It Was Easy
02 Rockin' Is Ma Business
03 Tired Wings
04 Can't Stop Rockin'
05 Wanted Man
06 Let It Rock
07 Hot Head
08 Moonshine
09 Homesick Blues
10 75 Again
11 Lookin' For Trouble
12 I Need A Thrill/Somethin' Good





320 KBPS

Cover Art





From Wikipedia:



The Four Horsemen were an American hard rock band, who enjoyed a brief popularity in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Their style was blues influenced heavy rock, but their fame was both fleeting and marred by tragedy.

The Four Horsemen were formed in the late 1980s by the Welsh-born guitarist Haggis (a.k.a. Stephen Harris), who had been a member of Zodiac Mindwarp and a touring bassist for The Cult. Haggis formed the band in Hollywood, California, when he decided to leave the Cult, switching from bass to rhythm guitar. He had previously worked with Rick Rubin, the producer of the Electric album for the Cult, who introduced Haggis to the vocalist Frank Starr. Rubin also suggested the drummer Ken "Dimwit" Montgomery to Haggis. Dimwit was the brother of Charles Montgomery, aka Chuck Biscuits, then drummer with Danzig who were also working with Rubin.

Their first release was a self titled four track EP in 1989, which was influenced by the sound of AC/DC and early Status Quo.

Their debut full length album, Nobody Said it Was Easy, produced by Rubin, was released in 1991, following a two year delay when Starr was arrrested on drug charges and spent six months in jail. The album generated the title track as a single, followed by the hit "Rockin' Is Ma' Business". However, Starr was arrested again and this time spent a year in jail on a drugs charge. This, combined with poor album sales as the grunge scene started to take over from traditional rock, caused the record label to drop them in 1992.

In 1994, the band reconciled their differences and started to put together a third release which was to become Gettin' Pretty Good... at Barely Gettin' By. But the first of two tragedies struck on September 27, 1994, when their original drummer, Ken Montgomery, died of a drug overdose. The band continued with production of the album, dedicating it to Montgomery and with Chuck Biscuits taking over on drums for the album's completion. But the band then split further, when Haggis and Ben Pape decided to leave, having had enough of Starr's behaviour.

Then in November, 1995, Starr was hit by a drunk driver, while driving his motorcycle down Sunset Strip. Starr suffered a severe head injury which left him in a coma. Dave Lizmi carried on with the band as the sole remaining original member, releasing Gettin' Pretty Good... at Barely Gettin' By in 1996 on the Magnetic Air label, and embarking on a tour with vocalist Ron Young, formerly of Little Caesar, replacing Starr. Though it was initially hoped that Starr would recover, he eventually died on June 18, 1999. Following Starr's death, the band broke up.

In 2005, Haggis and Lizmi assembled as much archive footage of the band as they could gather, and released a two disc retrospective, Left for Dead. Disc one was a DVD featuring all videos from the Nobody Said it Was Easy CD, plus rare interviews, live performances, and behind the scenes footage. Disc two was a live album.

