This is a series requested by LyokoMx. I know our friend blackcanary filled the request with the '09-'10 series, but here is the long-running original first volume.

What an interesting and important series in the history of DC Comics!

Please seed and share with our friends here at TPB!

Prayers and well wishes go out to X-Factor writer Peter David, who had a stroke last week!  :-(

------

From Wikipedia:

The first volume of THE BRAVE AND THE BOLD series ran for 200 issues from August 1955 to July 1983. Originally an anthology series featuring adventure tales from past ages with characters such as the Silent Knight, Viking Prince, Golden Gladiator, and Robin Hood, with issue #25, the series was reinvented as a try-out title for new characters and concepts, starting with the Suicide Squad created by writer Robert Kanigher and artist Ross Andru. Gardner Fox and Joe Kubert created a new version of Hawkman in issue #34 (FebruaryΓÇôMarch 1961) with the character receiving his own title three years later.

Editor Julius Schwartz hired Gardner Fox and artist Mike Sekowsky to create the JUSTICE LEAGUE OF AMERICA. The team debuted in The Brave and the Bold #28 (Feb.-March 1960), and after two further appearances in the title, received its own series.

Issues #45 through #49 were devoted to "Strange Sports Stories" combining sport and science-fiction in tales such as "Challenge of the Headless Baseball Team" and "The Man Who Drove Through Time." Strange Sports Stories was later resurrected briefly as a DC Comics title in its own right in 1973, but lasted only six issues.

The teaming of Robin, Kid Flash, and Aqualad in issue #54 (July 1964) by writer Bob Haney and artist Bruno Premiani led to the creation of the TEEN TITANS. The three heroes subsequently appeared under the name "Teen Titans" in issue #60 (July 1965) by Haney and artist Nick Cardy and were joined by Wonder Woman's younger sister WONDER GIRL in her first appearance.

The METAMORPHO character was created by Haney and artist Ramona Fradon in The Brave and the Bold #57 (January 1965).

The series was changed yet again with issue #50 as a team-up title between established characters. Starting with issue #59 The Brave and the Bold became, more specifically a BATMAN team-up book with the Caped Crusader as the book's main focus. This was due to the popularity of the Batman TV Series, which led to the creation of Batmania. After issue #74, The Brave and the Bold was exclusively a Batman team-up title until it ended with issue #200.

The title was the first to feature NEAL ADAMS' version of Batman, generating fan interest that led to Adams' style defining the modern Batman image to this day. In addition, Adams updated GREEN ARROW's visual appearance by designing a new costume for the character in issue #85 (Aug.-Sept 1969). The primary artist for the second half of the run was Jim Aparo, starting with #98 (October-November 1971).

The character NEMESIS (also known as Thomas Tresser), debuted an eight page backup story in issue #166 (September 1980) written by Cary Burkett and drawn by Dan Spiegle. The Tresser character was created by Burkett in 1979 and named for an actor who Burkett was rooming with in New Hampshire.

The title's final issue featured a team-up of the Batman of Earth-One with BATMAN OF EARTH-TWO and included a preview of the title that replaced The Brave and the Bold in DC's schedule and became Aparo's next regular assignment: Batman and the Outsiders.