The Crystal Maze
Series 1, 2, 3, 4 - Complete (1990-1993)

The Crystal Maze was a legendary game show, produced by Chatsworth Television
and shown on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom from 1990 to 1995. Repeated
episodes are often shown on digital television channels, most recently Ftn
and Challenge from January 2007. There was one series per year, with the first
four series presented by Richard O'Brien and the final two by Ed Tudor-Pole.
Each show was one hour long, including commercial breaks.

This is every Richard O'Brien Episode from the regular series with the Christmas specials from series 3 and 4 (there wasn't one for series 1, not sure about 2).

If you haven't seen this show before it is basically like real-life "Mario Party".



The attached document(a little easier to look at) and below is an original drinking game we like to call "Crystal Haze", just pour a drink, have a read-through of the rules, and throw on an episode. 

You may have to first watch an episode to understand the game structure and thus a couple rules.

Please enjoy responsibly!



Rules for “The Crystal Maze” drinking game, 
“Crystal Haze”

Intro Rules:
1.	1 Drink – Richard O’Brien introduces himself as “Reckless Rick”.
2.	1 Drink – If a contestant is introduced and is either unemployed or works for “Project Riley”.

Normal Rules:
1.	1 Drink – Richard openly ridicules or mocks a contestant.
2.	2 Drinks – If you quote a line from the show.
3.	1 Drink – If someone else quotes a line from the show.
4.	1 Drink – If you hum/sing the theme song.
5.	1 Drink – When a “Time Crystal”/mini-game is won.
6.	2 Drinks – If a contestant is “Locked-In”.
7.	1 Drink – If a “Locked-In” contestant is “bought-out”.
8.	1 Drink – When Richard sees imaginary things like “piranhas” or “Nazis” in the maze.
9.	2 Drinks – Richard hits-on or sexually harasses a contestant.
10.	1 Drink – Richard changes apparel/clothing.
11.	1 Drink – Richard breaks the 4th wall/ addresses the camera directly.
12.	1 Drink – If the contestant resets a puzzle/game and thinks they have won.
13.	2 Drinks – Richard makes fun of the production quality of the maze.
14.	1 Drink – Richard lies about how much time the contestant has left.
15.	2 Drinks – A contestant tries to break parts of a game or cheats.
16.	1 Drink – A contestant trips/falls/needs help on the way to the next “Adventure Time Zone”.
17.	1 Drink – Richard begins playing an instrument (Harmonica, Electric Guitar etc.), 2 Drinks if he throws it afterwards.
18.	1 Drink – Richard claims that he lives in the Maze or mentions “Mumsy”.
19.	1 Drink – Upon entering a new timezone, the contestants pick a “physical game” first.
20.	1 Drink – Richard makes a sexual innuendo.

Post-game Rules:
1.	1 Drink – Win a membership to the “British Parachuter’s Association”.
2.	1 Drink – Win a chance to drive a “Formula First Car”.
3.	Finish Drink – Negative points (more silver than gold tickets collected).
