Finale 2012c R13
CHAOS | Oct 29 2012 | 178 MB


Finale 2012 – the world’s most powerful music notation software – lets you express your creativity and love of music. Compose, arrange, notate, and print engraver-quality sheet music.



Finale 2012c includes bug fixes for warnings when deleting Expressions, issues with the Setup Wizard on non-English language user accounts, and problems copying and pasting smart-lines.



System Requirements

Finale 2012 for Windows®

   XP/Vista/Windows 7 (64-bit compatible).
   DVD-ROM drive.
   800x600 minimum monitor resolution.
   Minimum 512MB RAM (1GB or more recommended).
   600MB hard drive space required for software and user manual. An additional 2GB hard drive space is required for all VST/AU sounds included with Finale 2012.


Optional

   MIDI interface
   MIDI input and/or playback device
   Printer
   Scanner
   Microphone required for use of MicNotator®
   A soundcard (including Standard Direct Sound, MME or ASIO drivers) is required for playing the Garritan and other VST sounds in Windows.
   Better processor and hard drive speed is required for simultaneous use of more VST/AU instruments.




INSTALLATION:

  •  Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract

  •  Run the Installer*

  •  run the patch, find pattern c:program filesFinalle 2012 and apply

  *Starting Finale 2012 - DLLs
Most applications (including MakeMusic products) require a set of files, the Microsoft redistributables, in order to work successfully on your system. These redistributable files are normally already present on most systems and are not generally included in application setup/install scripts - doing so would add about 1.5 MB to the size of the package, and cause a longer installation process. More importantly, as these files are constantly updated by Microsoft and are operating-system specific, including these files in an application installer could result in incorrect files being added in your system and subsequent problems.

In rare cases these files may be missing or out of date on your system. In this case an error will be reported when you start the program. Here are some examples of the errors that could be reported:
If the files are missing...
'The dynamic link library MSVCP60.DLL could not be found in the specified path...'
or
'The dynamic link library MSVCRT.DLL could not be found in the specified path...'
If the files are out of date...
'The OCXTS.EXE file is linked to missing export MFC42.DLL:6880.'



If you see one of these messages, visit www.microsoft.com for more information regarding these files and how to restore them.



           •  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!
