                                    By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: ANDROID 2.1 and up
Overview: Get ALL the same great features and functionality in the original Norton Mobile Utilities with the new Norton Mobile Utilities Lite. Plus, now you have the option to upgrade to NEW features like Battery Saver, automatic Task Killer and other options.


Norton Mobile Utilities Lite provides essential tools to boost the performance of your smartphone and tablet in a single app. Active management of your mobile device and other installed apps will improve the Android user experience.
Track phone voice minutes / SMS text messages / data usage to avoid overages and extra fees on your monthly wireless bill. Monitor system resources including CPU speed, memory usage, and internal storage space. Manage background tasks and kill battery draining apps. Uninstall unwanted apps and clear app cache.

BENEFITS OF MOBILE DEVICE MANAGEMENT
There are many great Android applications, but some don't necessarily deliver as promised. In fact, certain apps may contribute to the decreased performance of your mobile device. This can result in a sluggish user experience as more apps compete for the same system resources. Plus, it can be overwhelming to manage your growing collection of apps. Useful tools such as a task manager, app killer, battery saver, memory booster, and CPU speed monitor can help you free up memory, storage, and other precious system resources.
Norton Mobile Utilities is a suite of tools designed to optimize the performance of your smartphone and tablet. Accelerate your Android for peak performance.

What's in this version:
1) Re-organized the 4 main modules.
2) Re-designed the user interface.
3) Added customized profile for Battery Saver. (Paid feature)
4) Added Automatically trigger for changing Batter profile. (Paid feature)
5) Added auto task killer. (Paid feature)
6) Added Roaming Overage for usage track: Mobile data, Phone, SMS. (Paid feature)
7) Improved the accuracy for Overage module.
8) Added minor enhancements and bug fixes.

Paid feature enabled

                                    By bobiras2009	