             Eric Clapton - One More Car, One More Rider (2002)[2CD]
                 EAC rip (secure mode) | FLAC+CUE+LOG -> 841 Mb
                      Full Artwork @ 300 dpi (jpg) -> 22 Mb 
              Rock / Blues Rock / British Blues / Contemporary Pop


                             Live on Tour 2001


When Eric Clapton hit the road in support of 2001's REPTILE, rumors abounded that this would be his last tour. If this hearsay turns out to be true, take consolation in the fact that the live 2-CD ONE MORE CAR, ONE MORE RIDER serves as a nifty souvenir from that particular string of shows. Benefiting from a crystal clear sound mix and a stellar back-up group whose members include keyboardists David Sancious and Billy Preston, Slowhand delivers a heavy mix of his most recent forays into contemporary adult pop and certain classic rock warhorses that would have benefited from early retirement.

One result is Clapton doing a fine job wielding an acoustic guitar and shifting gears from laying into the Big Bill Broonzy stomper "Key To The Highway" to making like Gilberto Gil on the bossa-nova flavored instrumental "Reptile."

Although the version of "Badge" included here shines and a different arrangement of "Cocaine" breathes some life into this Clapton standard, the umpteenth version of "Layla" would have been better substituted by a more obscure cut off the same album. Otherwise, Clapton's playing remains top-notch and spurs hopes that his days on the road haven't come to an end.



Personnel: Eric Clapton (vocals, guitar); David Sancious (guitar, keyboards); Andy Fairweather Low (guitar, background vocals); Greg Phillinganes, Billy Preston (Hammond B-3 organ, keyboards); Nathan East (bass, background vocals); Steve Gadd (drums).


Tracklist:

CD1

01. Key To The Highway
02. Reptile
03. Get You On My Mind
04. Tears In Heaven
05. Bell Bottom Blues
06. Change The World
07. My Father's Eyes
08. River Of Tears
09. Going Down Slow
10. She's Gone


CD2

01. I Want A Little Girl
02. Badge
03. Hoochie Coochie Man
04. Have You Ever Loved A Woman
05. Cocaine
06. Wonderful Tonight
07. Layla
08. Sunshine Of Your Love
09. Over The Rainbow

Enjoy!