INfix

Perfect PDF file editing
Reformats text automatically
Change nearly every element of a PDF

Fast, flexible, flawless PDF editing
Infix PDF editor lets you open, edit and save PDF files. It’s easy and quick – you can change text, fonts, images and more. And, unlike other PDF editors, it works like normal word processing software, so it’s really easy to use.
Sort out typos: correct mistakes in PDF files quickly.
Reuse your PDFs: edit any PDF, without the source file
Use less paper: fill in forms without printing
It doesn't matter whether you change a single word, a paragraph, or an entire page. Infix is the only PDF editor that covers your back, reflowing and reformatting text to keep it looking good. Once you’ve saved a file, you can’t even tell it’s been edited

Key features

Works like a word processor: no tricky tools to figure out
Edit practically anything: text, font sizes, images and more
Keeps text tidy: reflows paragraphs and columns automatically
Copy graphics and text between PDF files
Search and replace: in one file or across several at once
Create PDFs too – from any document: it’s as easy as printing
If we listed all the features here, you’d be looking at one of the longest web pages you’ve ever seen. Besides, the important things isn’t the length of the features list. It’s being able to do what you need.

Who can use Infix?

As long as you can use Microsoft Word, you’ll be able to get to grips with Infix. Here are some typical uses:
Updating leaflets and brochures with new prices or product details
Deleting out-of-date pages from catalogues
Editing a document when you only have the PDF, not the original file
Fixing typos in print-ready files without having to output them again
But that’s just the start. If you need to edit a PDF, Infix is the best way to do it.

Advanced features

Infix also includes some features you might need if you work with print-ready PDFs, convert printed documents, or need to translate documents into other languages:
OCR corrections let you correct text in PDFs that have been scanned from a printed document the converted automatically
Industry-standard CMYK colour picker ensures the colours you choose on the screen print accurately on paper too.
Translation tools allow you to export your PDF as XML, translate with your own translation tools then import and reflow the translated text back into the PDF.

Supported OS:

Windows 7/vista/xp

Homepage: http://www.iceni.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.