Dictionary of Language Games, Puzzles, and Amusements 
by Harry Edwin Eiss
Greenwood February | October 1986 | ISBN-10: 0313244677 | PDF | 295 pages | 13 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Dictionary-Language-Games-Puzzles-Amusements/dp/0313244677

Throughout recorded history, mankind has turned to language play as a source of entertainment and intellectual stimulation. This unique new reference provides comprehensive listings and explainations, together with samples and historical information, concerning the hundreds of letter and word games, puzzles, and linguistic entertainments that enrich our cultural life.
In an introductory section, the author discusses the various ways of manipulating words and letters and the relation of this pastime to literature, linguistics, education and humor. He comments on the use of word-play techniques in the teaching of language arts, noting their demonstrated benefits in stimulating creativity and motivating the unwilling student. Turning to the literary uses of language play, he talks about writers--from Shakespeare, Dickens, James Joyce, and Gertrude Stein to the dadaists, Edward Lear, Ogden Nash, and various contemporary literary artists--whose linguistic devices run the gamut from riddles, acrostics, cross-word puzzles, and anagrams--are considered, along with individual and group games intended to entertain, teach skills, or challenge the imagination or intellect.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Dictionary of Mathematical Games, Puzzles, and Amusements 
by Harry Edwin Eiss
Greenwood | February 1988 | ISBN-10: 0313247145 | PDF | 292 pages | 13 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Dictionary-Mathematical-Games-Puzzles-Amusements/dp/0313247145

Mathematical play has challenged and stimulated human ingenuity throughout recorded history. It has ranged from the common sorts of brain teasers such as mazes, arithmetic story problems, and simple geometric puzzles to sophisticated explorations of questions that still concern modern mathematical theorists. This new dictionary provides a tantalizing variety of paradoxes, games, problems, and puzzles that will appeal to mathematics enthusiasts at every level of proficiency. Eiss introduces his subject with an overview of the history of recreational mathematics and its relation to some theoretical questions that have occupied mathematicians for centuries. Dictionary entries include problems posed by particular thinkers as well as traditional puzzlers that have come down to us anonymously. Information on the origins and history of many of the activities is supplied, and thorough cross-referencing enables the reader to locate all puzzles, games, and amusements of a similar type. The bibliography suggest sources of further information.

HARRY EDWIN EISS is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Arts  and Languages at Northern Montana College, Havre, Montana. He has  contributed to Our Twentieth Century's Greatest Religious Poems, Rainbows,  Dreams, and Butterfly Wings, Instructor, and World Treasury of Great  Poems.