POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 88 - Jesus - 8 Audio Languages


POtHS says: This is a great movie as it comes in 8 languages.

Description:

English
Spanish
French
Portuguese
Chinese
Arabic
Japanese
Korean

Based on the Gospel of Luke, the "JESUS" film has now been translated into 1,145 languages, with new languages being added every month. This allows GodΓÇÖs Word to speak to people in more than 200 countries in languages they know and understand. By GodΓÇÖs grace, it is yielding a spiritual harvest of unprecedented results.

Not only is the story of the "JESUS" film one of effective evangelism, but also a powerful tool for expanding the church worldwide. Hundreds of churches, missions groups and denominational agencies, both indigenous and global, are also seeing this tool ignite the launch and growth of thousands of new churches.

One denominational leader, whose ministry has used the "JESUS" film for more than a decade, has said that its value in accelerating their church-planting efforts is equivalent to "fishing with dynamite!" His ministry alone has birthed more than 26,000 church fellowships using the "JESUS" film in dozens of languages.

God is using this film in powerful ways to reach people and build His church worldwide. And yet, so much of the world remains in spiritual darkness. Billions of people have never had the opportunity to hear GodΓÇÖs message of salvation and say "yes" to Christ.

The JESUS Film Project is reaching millions with the gospel of Christ, but with your help, so many more can be reached. By getting involved today, you can make a difference in the lives of people through the message of hopeΓÇöJesus, and bring God's light into the darkness.

Read Life-Changing Stories from the Mission Field...
A Cry of Desperation

   by Staff Writer, The JESUS Film Project
   Aug 1, 2012 6:00 am
   Asia

In South Asia, two church-planting team members began work among a people group. As they showed "JESUS" to the local community, they watched the crowd grow excited about the miracles Jesus performed. Following the film, Ranal*, a man who had come from a neighboring village to watch the film, began walking home. Suddenly, out of the darkness, a bear approached ...


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

                                            

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
