Dishonored (PC) (Scenee Release - SKIDROW)

Release Date: 09-10-2012
Protection: Steam
Game Type: TFS
Discs: 1 DVD


Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as a supernatural assassin driven by revenge. With Dishonored s flexible combat system, creatively eliminate your targets as you combine the supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal Pursue your enemies under the cover of darkness or ruthlessly attack them head on with weapons drawn. The outcome of each mission plays out based on the choices you make.

Dishonored is set in Dunwall, an industrial whaling city where strange steampunk- inspired technology and otherworldly forces coexist in the shadows. You are the once-trusted bodyguard of the beloved Empress Framed for her murder, you become an infamous assassin, known only by the disturbing mask that has become your calling card.

In a time of uncertainty, when the city is besieged by plague and ruled by a corrupt government armed with industrial technologies, dark forces conspire to bestow upon you abilities beyond those of any common man but at what cost? The truth behind your betrayal is as murky as the waters surrounding the city, and the life you once had is gone forever.


Minimum System Requirements:

OS: Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: 3.0 GHz dual core or better
Memory: 4 GB system RAM
Hard Disk Space: 6 GB
Video Card: DirectX 9 compatible with 512 MB video RAM or better (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 / ATI Radeon HD 5850)
Sound: Windows compatible sound card

Recommended System Requirements:

OS: Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: 2.4 GHz quad core or better
Memory: 4 GB system RAM
Hard Disk Space: 6 GB
Video Card: DirectX 9 compatible with 768 MB video RAM or better (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 / ATI Radeon HD 5850) or better
Sound: Windows compatible sound card


Install:
1. Unpack the release with winrar or equal program.
2. Mount or burn image.
3. Install game.
4. Copy everything from inside the SKIDROW folder into the game installation directory overwriting any existimg files.
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as secure/trusted in your antivirus program.
6. Play the game and enjoy!
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!