FIND MORE BOOKS AT:

  h t t p : / / s i m b o o k s . c o m u l e . c o m  

What you will download:

  1. Book 1 - Twilight PDF eBook
  2. Book 2 - New Moon Fire PDF eBook
  3. Book 3 - Eclipse PDF eBook
  4. Book 4 - Breaking Dawn PDF eBook



Twilight 
     by Stephanie Meyer 

Category : Fantasy Realism / Teen Romance
Series : Twilight Saga - Book I 
Publication : 5 October, 2005
Synopsis: Bella Swan's move to Forks, a small, perpetually rainy town in Washington, could have been the most boring move she ever made. But once she meets the mysterious and alluring Edward Cullen, Bella's life takes a thrilling and terrifying turn. Up until now, Edward has managed to keep his vampire identity a secret in the small community he lives in, but now nobody is safe, especially Bella, the person Edward holds most dear. Deeply romantic and extraordinarily suspenseful, Twilight captures the struggle between defying our instincts and satisfying our desires. This is a love story with bite.

New Moon 
     by Stephanie Meyer 

Category : Fantasy Realism / Teen Romance
Series : Twilight Saga - Book II 
Publication : 6 September, 2006
Synopsis: For Bella Swan, there is one thing more important than life itself: Edward Cullen. But being in love with a vampire is more dangerous than Bella ever could have imagined. Edward has already rescued Bella from the clutches of an evil vampire but now, as their daring relationship threatens all that is near and dear to them, they realise their troubles may just be beginning ...

Eclipse
      by Stephanie Meyer 

Category : Fantasy Realism / Teen Romance
Series : Twilight Saga - Book III 
Publication : 7 August, 2007
Synopsis: As Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge, Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob - knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation approaching, Bella has one more decision to make: life or death. But which is which?Following the international bestsellers Twilight and New Moon, Eclipse is the much-anticipated third book in Stephenie Meyer s captivating saga of vampire romance.

Breaking Dawn 
     by Stephanie Meyer 

Category : Fantasy Realism / Teen Romance
Series : Twilight Saga - Book IV 
Publication : 2 August, 2008
Synopsis: To be irrevocably in love with a vampire is both fantasy and nightmare woven into a dangerously heightened reality for Bella Swan. Pulled in one direction by her intense passion for Edward Cullen, and in another by her profound connection to werewolf Jacob Black, she has endured a tumultuous year of temptation, loss, and strife to reach the ultimate turning point. Her imminent choice to either join the dark but seductive world of immortals or pursue a fully human life has become the thread from which the date of two tribes hangs. Now Bella has made her decision; a startling chain of unprecedented events is about to unfold with potentially devastating and unfathomable consequences. Just when the frayed strands of Bella's life--first discovered in Twilight, then scattered and torn in New Moon and Eclipse--seem ready to heal and knit together, could they be destroyed...forever?



Please seed and if you like the torrent, please comment.