nERv

FIFA Manager 13 (c) EA

11/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom/Crap/EA
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Sports

As a manager in FIFA Manager 13 you have complete control over the
management of a modern football club. In the game you are responsible for
the line-up, the tactics and training of your team, for signing the right
players and the extension of your club facilities and the stadium. The
special highlights in FIFA Manager 13 are the FIFA license, the FIFA 3D
engine, more than 40,000 licensed players, many of whom come with original
player pictures, the player manager and national team manager mode, the
Create-a-Club mode and the Match Prognosis Tool as well as a unique,
comprehensive editor

Team dynamics
FIFA Manager 13 comes alive with a team analysis feature called
"Team Matrix", as well as a hierarchy pyramid, which allows you to
visualize which players are facing challenges in the team pecking order
In the Team Dynamics section you get an overview of team hierarchy,
rivalry, personality clashes, personal goals, family relationships and
much more
Your assistant manager helps you to analyse the team, and requesting a
psychological profile of a player before signing him might help avoid
future problems
The new individual player objectives have a special role, and your team
will be successful only with enough team leaders and everyone pulling in
the same direction. From balancing player rivalries to spending enough
time understanding and setting player expectations, FIFA Manager 13 will
push you to perfect the art of team management

Player objectives
Every player of the team has his personal objectives. Some want to become
a first team regular, others want to play for their country

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game
4. Copy the cracked files from the Crack directory on the disc to the
install directory, overwriting the existing exe
5. Before you start the game, use your firewall to block all exe files in
the games install directory from going online
6. Play the game. While in game, avoid all of the online options. If you
have Origin installed, it may start it up. If that happens, ignore the
prompt, play offline, and don't login
7. Enjoy