PC Tools Performance Toolkit
 Registry Mechanic... Plus More !
 
Powerfully simple tools to clean up, speed up, and keep your PC safe from disaster.
 
Powerfully simple tools to clean up, speed up, and keep your PC safe from disaster.
 Speed up and optimize your PC's performance
 Keep Internet search history and PC activities private
 Remove duplicate files to free up space
 Recover photos, music, and entire hard drives
 NEW! Find and remove programs you don't use
 NEW! Works on Windows 8
 
POWERFULLY SIMPLE
 
You want your PC to just work faster, but you don't want to spend countless hours tweaking system settings. With PC Tools Performance Toolkit you'll get a fresh, new experience; combining the trusted, powerful tools you need with the simplicity you want.
 Access the tools you need with a refreshingly intuitive user interface.
 Get started quickly with 1-click optimization buttons that automatically run performance-enhancing tools for you.
 See how you can further enhance your PC with new dashboards and user workflows that guide you through what tools to use to keep your computer running at its optimum.
 
 

PC Tools Performance Toolkit Features:
 
Clean and Compact Registry.Speed up your PC by cleaning and repairing errors.
 
Defragment Disks. Optimize and defrag drives for faster access.
 
Optimize Windows┬«. Speed up Windows with PC ToolsΓÇÖ preset optimizations.
 
Boost Windows Startup and Shutdown. Speed up your startup and shutdown times.
 
Find Duplicate Files. Remove duplicate files to improve drive performance.
 
Cleanly uninstall unwanted programs. Remove leftover traces of unwanted programs, leaving your PC free of clutter.
 
Clear Cookies and Browser History. Erases Internet activities from your browsers.
 
Clear Browser Passwords and Form Data. Erases saved passwords and form information.
 
Clear Temporary and Deleted Files. Free up hard drive space by clearing unused files.
 
Clear Recent File History. Erases your recently opened files lists.
 
Shared Files. Permanently shreds files and folders from your computer.
 
Bleach Disks. Permanently wipes your deleted files, making them unrecoverable.
 
Recover Lost Files. Find and recover music, photos and documents.
 
Repair Drives. Analyze and repair your drives.
 
PC Tools Performance Toolkit Requirements:
 
Microsoft Windows XP SP3 (32bit only)
 
CPU: Pentium or equivalent 233 Mhz (minimum) | Pentium or equivalent 300 Mhz (recommended)
 Memory: 64 MB (minimum) | 128 MB (recommended)
 
Microsoft Windows Vista (32 bit and 64 bit)
 
CPU: 1 Ghz
 Memory: 1 GB
 
Microsoft Windows 7 and Microsoft Windows 8 ΓÇí
 
CPU: 1 Ghz
 1 GB for 32 bit or 2 GB for 64 bit
 Other Hardware Requirements:
 
HDD: 50 MB free
 Video: SVGA (1024x768)
 CD-ROM drive (if not installing via electronic software download)
 

Homepage: http://www.pctools.com/performance-toolkit/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy "Runme.bat" file and paste into default installation directory and run.
3. New window pop-up, Now insert given Key to activate application.
4. Done, Enjoy.
 