

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


Biblical Times





POtHS - Biblical Times - 06 - Jacob and Joseph



POtHS says: 3 More Outstanding Movies

Description:


Jacob and Joseph:

The classic story of two brothers who turn against one another out of selfish greed.  Colleen Dewhurst stars as Rebekah, who gives birth to twin boys, Esau and Jacob.

Though Esau is the first-born and entitled to his family's fortune, Jacob is Rebekah's  favorite.  Through a cunning and devious scheme, Rebekah helps steal Esau's birthright from his aging father, Isaac.  The deception tears the family apart for twenty years, but just as reconciliation brings Jacob and Esau together, a new generation of envy is boen.

Jacob's sons, who envy their brother Joseph, sell him as a slave to a passing caravan.  Joseph is taken in chains to Egypt, but he astonishes all with his talents and becomes the Pharaoh's chief advisor.  But Joseph cannot forget his family, and his forgiveness of thier cruelty is a lesson in morality that will live forever.

Special Features:

   Full Screen Presentation
   Audio: English (Mono), French
   Subtitles: English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Korean, Thai
   Theatrical Trailers
   Talent Files
   Scene Selections


Jacob:

Matthew Modine and Lara Flynn Boyle turn in heartfelt performances as Jacob and Rachel in this poignant romance. Jacob agrees to work for seven years in order to marry the woman he loves, only to be deceived by her father. Forced to start a family with another woman, Jacob agrees to continue his labor in order to win the love of his life.

Joseph:

Emmy Award Winner for Outstanding Mini-Series

Joseph, the favorite son of Jacob, is the enemy of his jealous brothers. After surviving a close brush with death, Joseph is sold to a powerful Egyptian and faces unbearable tests of cruelty and pain. Joseph's master's wife falsely accuses him of treachery and rape. What looks like sure tragedy ends in the greatest triumph in this powerful epic as the goodness of God transcends the evil intents of men. Starring Paul Mercurio, Ben Kingsley and Martin Landau.

--------------------------------------------------------------
         

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 


