Cathode 2.0.2 Cracked.

Description:

Fully Featured Terminal

Fast and Accurate Emulation
Dynamic Scrollback Buffer
256 Colors
Unicode*
12 Retro Fonts
Great Mac Integration

Drag and Drop Files
Customizable Keyboard
Mouse Copy/Paste
Command-Click to Open URLs
Save/Recall Favorite Commands
 
Special Effects

Choose from a large collection of themes spanning every era.
Tweak to your heart's content with a dozen real-time sliders.
Effects include screen curvature, burn-in, scan-lines, and transparency.
Glowing halos simulate the human eye's reaction to intense brightness.
Slow down the bitrate like an old modem.
 
Dirty Details

The quirks of old electronics are charming to the modern eye.
Watch the strange dance of horizontal desyncs and splitting colors.
Turn up the static, jitter, and flicker to add an analog warmth.
Pixels burn-in and slowly fade away when turned off.
Slow-motion retrace lines show the picture being refreshed.

 
Hyperrealism

Cathode's many lifelike touches constantly surprise and delight.
Ray tubes burst open in new windows and bounce as they're moved.
Dynamic perspective, lighting, and shadows raise the bar for app visuals.
Customizable sound effects highlight your interactions.
Use an image or webcam photo as glass reflection.
 
Full-Screen Experience

Immerse yourself and disregard thirty years of user interface progress.
Impress curious onlookers at work, school, or the cafe.
Zoom in on virtual pixels for blocky resolutions.
Works great with multiple monitor setups.
Hide the clutter of modern computing.
 
But Wait, There's More!

Cathode isn't just a terminal, it's also a great text editor.
Use familiar dialogs, menus, key combos, and gestures.
Open any image file to generate ASCII art.
View your webcam feed as real-time ASCII art.

What's New in Version 2.0.2:

Save Screenshots

Use the File menu or Command-Shift-P
Saves PNGs with transparency.
Works with retina displays.
Bug Fixes

A crash related to closing windows has been fixed.
Typing in a disconnected terminal now works properly.
Improved stability with the following graphics cards:
Intel HD 3000
ATI Radeon HD series
 
 
Requirements:

Mac OS 10.6
iMac, Mac Pro, MacBook Pro:
2007 or newer
MacBook, MacBook Air, Mac mini:
mid-2008 or newer
See the FAQ for more details.