[HotLegsAndFeet] Subil Arch (Tasty from Tiptoes to Tresses! / 25.10.2012)

HereΓÇÖs your opportunity to get well-acquainted with the very pretty size 6.5 feet of the Russian model Subil Arch, whose porn name is
well-chosen since she has quite a nice arch to her soles. We first come upon Subil as she sits in a garden in an attractive and ladylike flower print
dress. She also wears very fetching gray suede peep toe slingback wedgies, shoes so pretty that they could star in a pictorial and video all by
themselves, with no girl to wear them! Soon enough Subil lifts the hem of her frock and starts showing us whatΓÇÖs underneath, from her sweet white
panties to her tasty rump. She squats against the fountain ledge and we see the shapeliness of her calves. Turning around, she lets us view the
delicate backs of her knees. Finally taking off her dress, she then stands on the ledge and our DDF cameras capture the sheen of her shins against
the sunlight. Subil flirts with her panties but keeps them on for awhile. Then she sits on the ledge and takes off her wedgies, sniffing them. We get
to see her nude toes now, and her French pedicure. We can see how pronounced and smooth the arches of her feet are. She sticks her peds in our
direction, her toes pointed directly at our faces and libidos! Kneeling on the ledge, she finally takes down her panties and we get to study her
pussy and tush. As she stands on the ledge, our lenses shoot up and we can savor the sweep of her tasty body from her tiptoes to her tresses. She
sits down yet again and after some sexy closeups of her toes, Subil bends each of her legs toward her mouth and licks her own toes. We get some final
terrific shots of those toes, as well as of her butt, and then some shots where she stretches out her gams like a pinup. Just imagine what this cutie
could do in a bedroom with you!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=2j3p31jsctjbe6b1ydqb.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=ht3k5brji8uijcx9sjj8.jpg