1001 Erotic Nights 2: The Forbidden Tales is a follow up to the successful 1001 Erotic Nights released in 1982. This time out, though the formula is the same (period costumed performers relay and act out some sexy stories in front of the camera), we've got Francois Papillion playing the horny sultan who wants to find the right woman. His pal, played by the legendary Jamie Gillis, decides for him that he should hold a contest to eliminate the most eligible woman by putting them to the ultimate sex tests.
The story opens with a 3-on-1 blowjob. Francois is the Sultan, and also the lucky recipient of the oral pleasuring by Kristina Barrington, Bunny Bleu, and Sandy Summers. Much of this nine-minute scene is in slow motion, and you can sense the enjoyment Francois is experiencing before he blows his load on their faces.
The Sultan decides to throw a contest to find the sexiest girl in his kingdom. Blonde cutie Patti Petite applies and gives servant Jon Martin a fantastic hummer under the watchful eye of the Sultan's assistant, Jamie Gillis. Petite takes Martin's load in her mouth.
In the token girl-girl scene, Tami White (aka Ariel Daye) works her way through Rayanne Drew's extremely hairy bush while Gillis observes. There's lots of kissing and fondling as well as some serious pussy licking as the girls get into 69'ing.
Cute busty Buffy Davis gives Gillis a blowjob that's really just a tittie fuck ending in a small facial that ends a scene which could have been a few minutes longer.
Another 80's standard, the orgy, features Keli Richards, Barrington, Bleu, Nina Hartley (looking very young here), Alexis Greco, and four guys. Richards is by far the star of this nine-way sexfest, licking every available pussy and sucking every dick she can get her lips around. She does a DP, and she and Nina also take facials.
Jennifer Noxt and Karen Bree are featured in a dungeon bondage scene with Francois. Cute brunette Jennifer plays the slave to Karen's dom role. The action has Jennifer riding the Sultan cowgirl while Karen sits on his face. Karen jerks him off onto Jennifer's pussy to end the scene.
Francois wraps things up with Scheherazade, played by brunette cutie Kari Fox, in a short, one-position fuck (standing doggie) that ends with no visible money shot. Somehow, she wins the contest.

Scene Breakdowns:
Scene 1. Bunny Bleu, Kristara Barrington, Sandy Summers, Francois
Scene 2. Patti Petite, Jon Martin
Scene 3. Rayanne Drew, Tami White
Scene 4. Buffy Davis, Jamie Gillis
Scene 5. Alexis Greco, Bunny Bleu, Keli Richards, Kristara Barrington, Nina Hartley, Chris Chase, Joey Silvera, Steve Drake
Scene 6. Keli Richards, Chris Chase, Francois
Scene 7. Jennifer Noxt, Karen Bree, Francois
Scene 8. Kari Foxx, Francois

Screens: 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=qzqp87y9vdmfl1iiyh8b.jpg
 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=tpsw1y3sl6b051q3hd7m.jpg