Internet Download Manager (IDM):
 
Internet Download Manager v6.12. Fixed compatibility problems with different browsers including Internet Explorer 9 Final, all Mozilla Firefox versions up to Mozilla Firefox 14 (Aurora), Google Chrome. Improved FLV grabber to save videos from web players on YouTube, Google Video, MySpace TV, and other popular sites
 

Internet Download Manager (IDM) is a tool to increase download speeds by up to 5 times, resume and schedule downloads. 
Comprehensive error recovery and resume capability will restart broken or interrupted downloads due to lost connections, 
network problems, computer shutdowns, or unexpected power outages.Simple graphic user interface makes IDM user friendly 
and easy to use.Internet Download Manager has a smart download logic accelerator that features intelligent dynamic file 
segmentation and safe multipart downloading technology to accelerate your downloads. Unlike other download managers and 
accelerators Internet Download Manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download process and reuses available
 connections without additional connect and login 
stages to achieve best acceleration performance. 

Internet Download Manager supports proxy servers, ftp and http protocols, firewalls, redirects, cookies, authorization, 
MP3 audio and MPEG video content processing. IDM integrates seamlessly into Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape, MSN 
Explorer, AOL, Opera, Mozilla, Mozilla Firefox, Mozilla Firebird,Avant Browser, MyIE2, and all other popular browsers to 
automatically handle your downloads. You can also drag and drop files, or use Internet Download Manager from command line. 
Internet Download Manager can dial your modem at the set time, download the files you want, then hang up or even shut down 
your computer when it's done. 

Other features include multilingual support, zip preview, download categories, scheduler pro, sounds on different events, 
HTTPS support, queue processor, html help and tutorial, enhanced virus protection on download completion, progressive 
downloading with quotas (useful for connections that use some kind of fair access policy or FAP like Direcway, Direct PC, 
Hughes, etc.), built-in download accelerator, and many others. 

Version 6.12 adds IDM download panel for web-players that can be used to download flash videos from sites like YouTube, 
MySpaceTV, and Google Videos. It also features complete Windows 7 and Vista support, YouTube grabber, redeveloped scheduler, 
and MMS protocol support. The new version also adds improved integration for IE and IE based browsers, redesigned and 
enhanced download engine, the unique advanced integration into all latest browsers, improved toolbar, and a wealth of other 
improvements and new features.
 
Supported OS:
 
Windows 7/vista/xp
 

Installation Instructios:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Run application if prompted to register just insert given serial.
4. Done, enjoy.
 