escription
You tie your shoes, put on your headphones, take your first steps outside. You’ve barely covered 100 yards when you hear them. They must be close. You can hear every guttural breath, every rattling groan - they’re everywhere. Zombies. There’s only one thing you can do: Run!

Zombies, Run! is an ultra-immersive running game and audio adventure, co-created with award-winning novelist Naomi Alderman. We deliver the story straight to your headphones through orders and voice recordings - and when you get back home, you use the supplies you’ve collected while running to build and grow your base.

BBC NEWS - “The only way to save yourself is to run for real.”
WIRED - “In the style of Runkeeper, with an exciting undead twist.”
WIRED UK - “Promises aerobic thrills and zombie kills aplenty.”
CNN - “Turns exercise into a game - a terrifying, terrifying game.”
NPR - "It gets you moving!"
TIME.COM - "Takes all the fun of a zombie game and funnels it into a fitness app."

WHAT PLAYERS SAY:
“Evaded all zombie mobs :-) One of my best sprints ever; this app works!”
“This game will make you sweat. Perfect junction between game design and run tracker.”
“Just tried @zombiesrungame and for the first time in my life I feel truly alive.”

WALK, JOG, OR RUN ANYWHERE
Zombies, Run! works anywhere and at any speed. You can jog in a park, run along a beach, or walk along a trail. It even works on treadmills! 

YOU ARE RUNNER 5 
Hundreds of lives are counting on you. You've got to rebuild your base from a few shivering survivors into a fortified beacon of civilization by collecting critical supplies and avoiding roving zombie hordes. Can you save them and learn the truth about the zombie apocalypse?

A WORLD OF STORIES
With 30 missions and over 40 runs worth of gameplay, you become the hero in an epic story of humanity’s struggle for survival where your running *really* matters - and there’s a deeper mystery to be uncovered as well...

YOUR OWN MIX
Choose your own custom playlists before you start running: the story unfolds in between your tracks through a series of dynamic radio messages and voice recordings.

INTERVAL TRAINING - WITH ZOMBIES
With our optional ‘Zombie Chases’ mode, you’ll need to increase your speed and work up a sweat if you hear zombies on your tail. That’s right - we’ve made interval training *fun*!

KEEP THE SURVIVORS ALIVE
You automatically collect items like medicine, batteries, and ammo while running - but when you're back home, who needs them more: the soldiers or the doctors? Which buildings need extra defenses? It’s up to you - and the bigger your base, the more missions you can play.

NOTES
- The launch version comes with 13 missions, with 17 more missions to be released in upcoming free updates
- Requires iOS 5 or above. Works on iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, and iPod Touch 3rd gen and 4th gen.
- Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life.
- Accelerometer mode requires you to keep your device unlocked while playing, which can dramatically decrease battery life.
- If you backed us on Kickstarter or pre-ordered via our shop, please download the “ZR Advance” app instead.
