Follow my uploads here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Relaxing sounds to help you sleep, meditate and de-stress.
The number one selling sleep aid app from BlackBerry now even better on Android. Over 250,000 downloads and over 1000 positive reviews.

This paid version includes:

    12 new sounds including: Babbling stream, Crickets and Frogs, Formula 1, Howling Gale, Stream under a Bridge, Vacuum Cleaner, Waterfall, White Noise, Wind Chimes, Wood Fire and 2 types of rain.
    No adverts

Each sound has been professionally mastered and seamlessly looped to create a perfect audio environment for relaxation and sleep. Soundscapes include:

    Waves on a beach - Relax and listen to the waves roll in as the sun goes down.
    City Noise - Let the sounds of Tokyo city at night gently lull you to sleep.
    Crickets and Frogs - The dusk chorus of crickets and frogs in South Africa will soothe and calm your spirit.
    Waterfall - Lounge by this beautiful waterfall and let your stress wash away. Perfect for Tinnitus sufferers.
    Wind Chimes - Imagine yourself in a Thai temple, with a gentle wind blowing through these long tubular chimes.

Other sounds include torrential rain, kitten purring, rain on a tent, thunder storm, tropical rainforest, white noise (to really block out the outside world) and many more..

Features:

    Over 20 high quality, seamlessly looped sounds
    Beautiful photos of each sound
    Timer function 
    Linear fade out gently changes sound volume while you drift off to sleep

Dream Sounds has been proven to help children sleep as well. Just choose a sound (Wind Chimes is great) and set the timer to help your little one calm down before going to sleep.

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 29, 2012)

    Updated the button style to make it nicer :)

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		
