Follow my uploads here:               
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Active apps is designed as a replacement for the Samsung Task Manager / Program monitor in touchwiz launcher that comes with Samsung Android Phone. It monitor an unusual activity that consumes battery or tracking the application that has been put on standby mode.

This is important because some application might not be coded properly. Therefore, even though it has been put on standby mode (Pressing Home) they are still running, eating CPU and hence your device's battery. E.q. browser and gallery apps in the Early Galaxy Tab rom even though it's closed or stand by, it's still consuming battery. However, the scenario is not limited to only Samsung Galaxy tab. Generally, it applies to all android phone.

How does it differ from other task manager?
Unlike other task managers, which shows irrelevant applications, Active apps is simple. It only shows programs that have tasks running and possibly consuming CPU. Therefore at one glance you can decide what to do.

Features :

    Tracking application that has been put on standby and running (I called them Active Apps).
    Easy Switch tasks for Active Application from Main Application or Widget
    Widget to show Number of Active Applications running which may consume CPUs/Battery
    Provide package manager to manage your installed application(Faster than stock Application Manager). 
    Provide views of Ram, Apps that using RAM and free ram function.
    Provide view of Storage both internal SD and external SD, data and database.
    Provide theme capability - More theme coming soon -
    Provide UI Customization. You can mix and match color to find your desire look.
    Provide 1x1, 1x2 Active Application widget and 1x1, 1x2 Active Ram widget with stylish and beautiful pop up style. 
    Provide a flexible customization on many areas of the application and widgets.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		