Winamp Pro v5.63
 
Welcome to Winamp. It is more than just a player. It's your window to the multimedia world. From MP3s to streaming video, Winamp is the one place you go to feed your audio/video habit.

 Here are just some of the hot, new things you can do with the latest version of Winamp:

 Winamp can use both Modern and Classic skins, so you can be both hip and retro at the same time.
 Winamp gives you easy and organized access to your favorite media. That's what you call mass media.
 Winamp can play a huge variety of audio and video formats right out of the box... err... out of the installation.
 You get access to hundreds of free audio and video channels in the Media Library. This ain't your father's library.
 Winamp can burn your music to Audio CDs. Burn baby burn! 
Winamp makes it easy to create and manage your favorite songs through playlists. Yes, you can be your own DJ.
 Winamp allows you to extend its functionality through the use of "plug-ins". It's like the Mr. Potato Head┬« of music.
 Winamp can manage all of your portable media players and devices. Plug in, turn on, tune in, drop out...
 Winamp allows you to alter the sound of your music through a built-in Equalizer. An audio receiver right on your computer.
 Winamp allows you to watch visual effects that are driven from your music with Visualizations. From flaming fireballs to screaming strobe effects, it's all there.

 Some sweet treats you get only with Winamp Pro: 

Rip and burn your Audio CDs at 48x 
Rip your CDs to MP3s 
Rip your CDs to High Bitrate aacPlus 
Convert other formats to MP3 and High Bitrate aacPlus 
Play MPEG-4 video formats straight out-of-the-box 

System Requirements

 These are the system requirements for Winamp: 

Minimum 
500MHz Pentium III or comparable 
256MB RAM 
20MB Hard Disk Space 
16bit Sound Card 
Windows 2000 sp4 or later 
DirectX 9.0c (for watching videos and Milkdrop vis) 
Internet Explorer 5.01 or higher (for Online Services) 
1x speed or greater CD Burner (Required for Burning) 
2x speed or greater CDROM (Required for Ripping) 

Recommended 
1.5 GHz Pentium IV or better 
500MB RAM or more 
50MB Hard Disk Space 
24bit Sound Card 
500MB AGP or PCIE Graphics Card (for watching videos) 
Windows XP sp3, or later 
Internet Explorer 6.0 or higher (for all Online Services features) 
8x speed or greater CD Burner (Required for Burning) 
16x speed or greater CDROM (Required for Ripping) 

Homepage: http://www.winamp.com/player 

Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 