Note: Besides using the usual cheap Securom hack, SKIDROWs release crashes
For instance when starting a match. We could point out that the crash is due
to a broken data file (imgdt07.img). We could also point out that this file
is also broken on a version of this game out on p2p. We could even point out
that the files are identical. But it seems a bit pointless when they get
away with this week after week. The practice appears to be as systematic as
their denial of it. And other groups and siteops implicitly accepts it
We don't know if this says more about them, or the scene. Cheers

Kick off for thrilling soccer matches on the pitch with PES 2013: Pro
Evolution Soccer. Experience the excitement and heart-racing action of the
world's most popular sport on your PlayStation 3. Jump onto the pitch and
compete against some of the top players in the sport thanks to the
inclusion of the UEFA Champion's League and Copa Santander Libertadores
Vie for glory against many of soccer's prolific personalities with the
lifelike player models that have been upgraded to feature movements to
appear more like the real-life players. Dribble and pass with more freedom
than ever, and go up against top goalkeepers that are more true-to-life
than ever before with improved animations, logic and responses. Take
advantage of precise offensive and defensive controls to fire electric
shots, execute pinpoint passes or to sway the momentum with strategic
defensive stops and turnovers. Connect to and interact with other players
thanks to the enhanced MyPES platform that links all online and offline
gamers. At kickoff, do you want to be standing on the sidelines, or
dominating the pitch

1.Install Game
2. Play the game. Use a firewall on all of the games executables and don't
attempt to go online
3. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=14968.0


We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team

