                                  By bobiras2009			



Introducing Pro HDR Camera, the world's first real HDR app for Android! From the team that created Pro HDR for iOS, now you can automatically create stunning full-resolution HDR images with just a single tap on your Android phone. Please note that this app has been tested to work properly on Motorola, HTC and most Samsung phones. However, if you have a LG, Sony, or other device, the HDR capability may not function properly.

Pro features:

    Automatic in-app HDR capture, where all you have to do is tap to capture
    Manual in-app photo capture, where you get to choose the exposure of each image in your HDR
    3 Image Capture speeds to take pictures nearly instantly on phones that support it, while still compatible with older phones.
    Proprietary image alignment algorithm that precisely aligns full-size images in seconds
    Sophisticated image blending creates one beautiful output image nearly instantly
    Live-updating image adjustment sliders to perfect your HDR: 
    Choose the perfect brightness, contrast, saturation, warmth, and tint, or let Pro HDR automatically maximize image quality.
    Take pictures using hardware buttons (volume up/down or the shutter button if your phone has one)
    Silent capture - mute your shutter sounds for quiet capture
    Camera ZOOM
    Front Camera!
    Fullscreen image preview in portrait and landscape orientation
    Save HDR images at the full resolution of your camera.
    Efficient background processing that renders your HDRs while you keep on shooting
    Built-in HDR gallery view to peruse, share, and re-edit your HDRs
    Share your HDRs with the world with e-mail, and social networks.
    Google+ Instant Upload. Save to DCIM folder to enable!

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 24, 2012)

    Much faster image capture by default (go to settings and select faster). Works great on the Galaxy Nexus and other new phones!
    Turn off focus before first shot to capture even faster (Remember to focus by tapping the screen before you hit capture in that case!)
    Fixes for issues occurring on some phones


Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                  By bobiras2009			