Kuassa Amplifikation One v1.2.5
R2R | Nov 03 2012 | 27.6 MB



Kuassa, Inc. is proud to announce the immediate availability of Kuassa Amplifikation One. Kuassa Amplifikation One is a guitar amp software which finally help you to create realistic guitar tones and build great tracks immediately without any obstructive workflow or confusing parameters to handle

This “guitar amp on your PC” captures the dynamics and characteristics of hardware distortion modules, head amplifiers, and cabinets, captured by various types of microphones in multiple configurations. Kuassa Amplifikation One is not emulated or modeled after

a specific amplifier, we try to capture the best aspect of schematic designs, tubes, electronics and computer programming to achieve the supreme tone for your guitar through your personal computer while maintaining the user interface as easy as possible.

Users are able to control every aspects of the software just like real guitar amplifiers including (but not limited to) gain structure, tone, mic position, and distance.
Stop messing around with your gears, get productive!



Features

Straightforward and easy to understand user interface
8 head amplifiers, noise gate & 5 distortion modules
5 cabinet models, users are able to use 2 cabs simultaneously
Built-in 4 Channel Impulse Loader with selectable routing option
5 microphone types (straight or angled)
Mic distance and free positioning of mic around the speaker
Dedicated input and output volume control
Saturation, Output Limiter, and up to high quality 4x maximum oversampling to the amp calculation
Support up-to 96000Hz Sample Rate

Changelog

Added 64-bit support.
Mac VST: Unresponsive GUI on VST-RTAS Wrapper fixed.
Uses newer VSTGUI engine.
License name error handler added.
New FFT calculation.
Quad IR Loader GUI bugs fixed.


INSTALLATION:

 •  Unistall any previous versions.

 •  Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

 • Install the setup...




       •  That's it! Done.



                      3Nj0Y!!!