Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the Game

You are the Prototype, Alex Mercer, a man without memory armed with amazing shape-shifting abilities, hunting your way to the heart of the conspiracy which created you; making those responsible pay.
Fast & Deadly Shape-Shifting Combat: Reconfigure your body to the situation at hand. From Claws to Blades to Hammers to Whips, choose the right weapon for the situation. Change to a shield or armor for defense, or use advanced sensory powers (thermal vision, infected vision) to track your enemies
Over-the-Top Locomotion & Agility: Seamlessly and fluidly bound from building to building, run up walls, bounce off cars and everything in your path. Adaptive parkour lets you move freely through the open-world environments of New York City.
Unique Disguising Abilities: Consume anyone at anytime, take on their appearances and assume their memories and special abilities.
Deep, Conspiracy-Driven Storyline: Wake up with no memory of the past...just mysterious powers and a link to a town in Idaho. Delve into the mysteries of your origin, the true nature of your power and your part in a conspiracy 40 years in the making.



System Requirements

OS: Windows XP (with Service Pack 3) or Windows Vista
Processor: Intel Core2 Duo 2.6 GHz or AMD Athlon 64 X2 4000+ or better
Memory: Vista 2 GB RAM / XP 1 GB RAM
Graphics: All NVIDIA GeForce 7800 GT 256 MB and better chipsets. All ATI Radeon X1800 256 MB and better chipsets
DirectX: Microsoft DirectX 9.0c
Hard Drive: 8GB of free hard drive space
Sound: DirectX 9.0c compliant sound card



NOTES:
Open only part1 ,part2 is installing automatically .
BE PATIENT UNTIL INSTALLING IS DONE because have 7 GB and is taking some time !!
With this version you can play:
- Single Player - full game

PROTOTYPE 2 COMING ON July 2012



More info and support here:
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=100.msg854#msg854


If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .