What the film is about:

What do we do when the Federal Government steps outside of it’s constitutional boundaries? Do we ask federal bureaucrats in black robes to enforce the limits of it’s own power? Thomas Jefferson and James Madison didn’t think so, and neither do we. The rightful remedy to federal tyranny rests in the hands of the people and the several States. It’s called “nullification” or “interposition.” It’s an idea whose time has come.

This yet to be released documentary from the Foundation for a Free Society and the Tenth Amendment Center features Thomas Woods, Michael Boldin, Debra Medina, Stewart Rhodes, Sheriff Richard Mack, Charles Goyette, Kevin Gutzman, Robert Scott Bell, Mike Maharrey, and others. In it we explore the history of state nullification, the constitutional legitimacy of the idea, and how nullification can be used today to push back against the encroachment of federal power.

The Genesis of the Film:

We began filming Nullification: The Rightful Remedy on September 4th, 2010 at the Fort Worth, Texas Nullify Now event.  This was the first stop of what would eventually be an eight city tour that ran from the Fall of 2010 to the Spring of 2011. What initially began as just an idea to document the event itself soon developed into the concept of a feature-length documentary covering the history of Nullification and the re-emergence of Nullification today.

Jason Rink, Executive Director of the Foundation for a Free Society and Michael Boldin, Executive Director of the Tenth Amendment Center, discussed the idea for a feature-length film shortly after the Fort Worth event.  The Foundation for a Free Society, a national sponsor of the Nullify Now Tour, decided to move ahead with the project.  Jason Rink and John Bush began interviewing many of the event speakers and key State representatives and Senators who were pushing significant pieces of nullification legislation.

The finished version of the film promises to be the most comprehensive documentary on the subject of the Tenth Amendment and Nullification, which is truly an idea whose time has come.

 