Talk Talk - Talk Talk [promo version 1].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Talk Talk" is a 1982 song by the British New Wave band Talk Talk. It was the second single from their debut album, The Party's Over (1982), it topped at #52 in the United Kingdom upon initial release. It was reissued later in the same year where it peaked at #23 in the UK and #75 in the United States. The single also reached #1 in South Africa in 1983. Influential modern rock radio station KROQ-FM in Los Angeles included this song in its regular rotation of current releases from July-August 1982. 

The song was originally recorded by Talk Talk singer Mark Hollis's previous band, the Reaction, as "Talk Talk Talk Talk", on the Beggars Banquet punk compilation LP Streets. 

Talk Talk began as a quartet consisting of Mark Hollis (vocals), Simon Brenner (keyboards), Lee Harris (drums) and Paul Webb (bass guitar). They were generally associated with the New Romantic movement; more specifically, in their early years, they were often compared with Duran Duran, as both bands sported a name which was a single word repeated twice, a Roxy Music-inspired musical direction, and shared the same record label (EMI) and producer (Colin Thurston). 

In their later years the band's commercial appeal receded, but their critical reputation increased as they moved from synthpop to a more experimental form. Their final two albums, Spirit of Eden and Laughing Stock, were highly acclaimed and remain influential to experimental alternative rock genres, especially post-rock. 

Talk Talk's influence upon musicians has exceeded the band's visibility among the general public. Along with the band Slint, Talk Talk are credited with inventing post-rock in their last two albums, Spirit of Eden and Laughing Stock. Sigur Ros has played Talk Talk songs before their shows. 

Bands and artists that have claimed to be influenced by and/or a fan of Talk Talk include Portishead, Bark Psychosis, The Catherine Wheel, Lights, Radiohead and DJ Shadow. The band Weezer covered their song "Life's What You Make It" and No Doubt scored a hit with a cover of "It's My Life" in 2003. John Taylor of Duran Duran also has expressed fondness for the group; Talk Talk opened for Duran Duran back in 1982. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk_Talk_(song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/aAFdFaAEM 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25fps 9800kbps
   Audio: LPCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:03:26




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.4


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	