Show Info:

Spec Ops: The Line X-Play Exclusive
Sand, sandstorms and the mechanics of battling through it make up the core of Spec Ops: The Line, as you'll see in new footage exclusive to X-Play.

Double Dragon: Neon Exclusive
Double Dragon fans will soon get another go-round with 8-bit's favorite street brawling brothers in the upcoming downloadable game Double Dragon: Neon. Find out what you're in for with an exclusive look at one of the bosses.

Darksiders 2 Boss Battle Exclusive
In Darksiders 2, you'll take on the role of Death. You'll face many foes along the way, one of them called The Guardian. Get details in an X-Play Exclusive.

Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker X-Play Exclusive #3
We'll raise the curtain on our third exclusive clip from the upcoming Dragon Age animated movie, Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker.

Steel Battalion: Heavy Armor Gameplay Preview
Steel Battalion: Heavy Armor is shaping up to be the summer's wildest game, with control of a giant vertical tank requiring both a regular controller and Kinect motion control all at once. If it all sounds like too much, the game helpfully includes a suicide option.

XBLA Preview - Crimson Dragon, Happy Wars, and Spelunky
If leaving the house or waiting for games to arrive via mail sounds insurmountable, then maybe one of these three downloadable games will fit the bill: the Panzer Dragoon-esque Crimson Dragon, the online action game Happy Wars, or the updated version of Spelunky.

3 Must Play Summer Indie Games
Summer might be the realm of the blockbuster, but that doesn't mean quality indie games are nowhere to be found. We'll check out three worthy contenders for filling up your summer hours.

Lollipop Chainsaw Live-Action Trailer Exclusive
Slither and Super filmmaker James Gunn got together with over-the-top game maker Suda51 and thus was born the cheerleading zombie-slasher Lollipop Chainsaw. James Gunn stops by for a chat and brings us an exclusive live-action Lollipop Chainsaw trailer.

Screenshots:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/naoagaadk.jpg