 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055385/

 
http://i.imgur.com/TCKHK.png
 
http://i.imgur.com/y7seY.png
 
http://i.imgur.com/xwelK.png
 
http://i.imgur.com/CKebo.png
 
http://i.imgur.com/UaaeZ.png
 
http://i.imgur.com/zXKZw.png




   
 
Star Cast 

Dev Anand
 
Waheeda Rehman
 
Sunder 
 
Zahira 
 
Hiralal 
 
Manorama 
 
Randhir 
 
Sheela Kashmiri
 
Indira Bansal
 
Jagdish Raj 

  
A pilgrimage to Shiv-sagar is a pious dream for alomst the entire country. People from all over India make this pilgrimage. On one such voyage a steamer was carrying diverse people, people from all walks of life.....with various motives and desires, as if they were a cross- section of our whole people. . A writer was makeing the trip to gather making the trip to gather materials for his novel. A Sadhuji Maharaj was escorting widows of his `ashram to the Holy Conflunece. . A rich businessman was travelling with his wife and young son. The son had revovered from a mortal disease, and the parents had gratefully promised to offer the Lord of Shiv - sagar thier most prectious belon- ging they were carrying with them a very valuable diamond for this offering. There was a dancing girl Roopa, an accomplished beautiful dancer whom her foster mother was taking to the Shiv-sagar to perform her inaugural dance, before entering the career of a dancing girl. When young, she had an attack of polio and her foster mother had vowed that if the girl recovered completely and learned dancing, her inaug- ural dance would be performed before Lord Shiva of Shiv-sagar. . Surrounded by his yes-men a pleausre seeking Zamindar was carrying a cask of wine to throw it in the sea at Shiv-sagar. His wife had died tormented by his infatuation for liquor and by her dead body he had promised an atonment ....his decision to throw the chief culprit, the cask of wine, into the sea. . To complete the picture of diversity, there were two robbers following the merchant for the diamaond. One was the lame informer, who accor- ding to their arrangement used to gether information and pass it on to Chhagan, a reckless, faithless, pst-master of his trade. They used to share the booty. But on this particular mission Chhagan refused saying "whoever grabs the diamond shall have it...." .....Thus they turn into rivals. . Faith and superstition, love and hate. jealousy and cowardice, compassion and godliness travelled on board the steamer....affecting, reforming and transforming each other with each aplash of wave on the drama of this pilgrimage. 
 
