Australian exclusive official mix CD by Fatboy Slim, the 2012 sequel to "Dance Bitch"

Official description (from http://www.liberation.com.au):

Fatboy Slim hardly needs an introduction. The man, who is known officially as Norman Cook, has been at the forefront of the music industry for the past twenty-five years, pioneering dance music and pushing the boundaries of electronic music. 

Dance Harder Bitch is the follow-up to 2009's highly successful Dance Bitch. The album is a DJ mix CD featuring twenty of dance music's hottest artists, mixed together and stamped with Fatboy Slim's signature sound. Think the intensity of Fatboy Slim's live set coupled with the sleekness of his studio production rolled into one hot, sweaty package. The album features artists such as Plump DJs, Armand Van Helden, Steve Aoki & Sidney Samson, Crookers, Riva Starr, Fedde Le Grand, Steve Angello and even the man himself, Fatboy Slim.

Over the past three decades, Fatboy Slim has performed to literally millions of people all over the world and has sold almost a million albums in Australia alone. He's released five studio albums, three live albums and four DJ mix CDs. Dance Harder Bitch epitomises Fatboy Slim's sound and only further cements his powerhouse status in the world of electronic music.

---------------------------------

FLAC with ReplayGain (album + track). Audio files only

01. Roland Clarke – Introduction
02. Steve Aoki & Sidney Samson – Wake Up Call
03. Armand van Helden – NYC Beat
04. Fedde le Grand Feat. Mitch Crown – Rockin’ High
05. Plump DJs – Gobbstopper
06. Bart B More – Traction
07. Tony Romera & Jordan Viviant – Baby Work It Out (Tom Buster Remix)
08. Kimen – Acid Rocker
09. Crookers, Savage Skulls & Lazy Ants – Bust ‘Em Up (Na Ciphra) [Fatboy Slim Re-Edit]
10. Slynkee – Keep on Rollin’ (Scotty Boy & Red Remix)
11. Crookers Feat. Kelis – No Security
12. Mr. Magnetik – Remanence
13. Produse – Flak (Original Mix)
14. Fatboy Slim & Riva Starr Feat. Beardyman – Get Naked (Tocadisco Mix)
15. Fatboy Slim Vs Moguai – Ya Mama (Moguai Remix)
16. Steve Angello – Rave ‘n’ Roll
17. Filip le Frick – We Go Rave
18. Baxta – Work It Out
19. Mighty Dub Katz – Magic Carpet Ride (Kid Chris & Brian Cribbs Remix)
20. Analog People In A Digital World feat. Vlada Tomova – Izlela Neda (Album Mix)
21. 68 Beats – Noise (Robbie Rivera Mix Part 1)
22. Roland Clarke – Outro
