 http://www.freeimage.us/image-274B_4F7DD9F3.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-59B0_4F7DD9F3.jpg

This is the possibly the entire first season of Video Power & The Power Team. Video Power, created in 1990, was a show where host Johnny Arcade gave reviews, previews, and strategies on video games of the era. 

The main part of the show was dedicated to The Power Team, a Captain N-style cartoon starring characters licensed from the video game company Acclaim. The team consisted of Kuros from Wizards & Warriors, Max Force the narcotics officer from NARC, Kwirk from the game boy puzzle game of the same name, Tyrone the basketball player from Arch Rivals, and BIGFOOT the talking monster truck. If Captain N was the video game universe's A-Team, The Power Team was the D-Team. 

The commercials are in-tact, many of which are for video games. It was syndicated on many different channels in different cities. I used to watch it on a channel called WNFT that used to exist in Jacksonville, FL, but they only showed Season 2 (they switched to a Game Show format and got rid of the cartoon). This particular upload is from Minneapolis, so bizarre local commercials are guaranteed. ("1900HotHints." That's all I'll say!)

The Power Team is one of those 'so-bad-it's-good' cartoons with potential to become a cult classic. This show has been lost from gamers for almost 20 years save for the select few that have a few episodes on a rapidly degrading VHS tape in a basement somewhere. I'm proud to bring this freely available to everyone after being completely impossible to find since the world wide web's inception. These originally came from a bootleg VHS set someone purchased off eBay in 1998.

Feel free to upload these wherever, especially places like YouTube. I know nothing about public trackers and this site kept giving me errors, so by all means please put this to as many public trackers as you want. My only request is that you don't try to resell it like a tool.

Most episodes are complete. However, episodes 21 and 24 are missing the cartoon.

The episodes are encoded at 2048kbps x264 MP4 from Handbrake. The file size is big, I know, but I didn't want to risk losing quality from the rips. You are more than welcome to re-encode these files to smaller sizes. Again, do whatever the hell you want with them as long as you make them available for free.

Quality is decent for a former VHS rip from 1990. A few look worse than others, but they're more than watchable. Audio is OK except for constant whirring sounds. But oh well. I was just happy to get this thing at all considering how rare it is.
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-DA21_4F7DD9F3.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-3405_4F7DD9F3.jpg