El ciberactivista y realizador Brett Gaylor explora un perfil de los derechos de autor en la era de la información, basándose principalmente en el trabajo del músico Gregg Gillis (alias Girl Talk), buscando los límites entre la piratería y la posibilidad de crear una manifestación artística en base a otras manifestaciones artísticas. Girl Talk se dedica a hacer mashups o Bastard Pop, es decir, "recorta" y edita pequeños muestreos de canciones para lograr nuevas obras, distintas de las originales.

Gaylor, narrador en primera persona del documental, introduce temáticas polémicas en torno a este tipo de manifestaciones artísticas y detalla un manifiesto.

El crítico David Berry dijo en Vue Weekly que la película funciona "no sólo como una sólida introducción a los derechos de autor, sino también como un ensayo reflexivo acerca de por qué nos deberían importar, y por qué deberíamos tratar de cambiarlos".
Scott Thill dijo en Wired que el director del documental "lanzó el filme bajo una licencia Creative Commons y hasta adoptó el modelo de Radiohead de usted-ponga-el-precio cuando subió la película a internet".


Created over a period of six years, the documentary film features the collaborative remix work of hundreds of people who have contributed to the Open Source Cinema website, helping to create the "world's first open source documentary" as Gaylor put it. The project's working title was Basement Tapes (referring to the album of the same name) but it was renamed RiP!: A Remix Manifesto prior to theatrical release. Gaylor encourages more people to create their own remixes from this movie, using media available from the Open Source Cinema website, or other websites like YouTube, Flickr, Hulu, or MySpace.

The documentary is particularly interested in the legal grey area of remixing existing works. The film features appearances by:

Gregg Gillis (better known as Girl Talk) an American musician specializing in mashup-style remixes, which often use a dozen or more unauthorized samples from different songs to create an entirely new track.

Lawrence Lessig, an American academic and political activist, and a professor of law at Stanford Law School and founder of its Center for Internet and Society. He is best known as a proponent of reduced legal restrictions on copyright, trademark, and radio frequency spectrum, particularly in technology applications.

Cory Doctorow, a Canadian blogger, journalist and science fiction author. Doctorow is co-editor of the blog Boing Boing and is an activist in favor of reforming copyright laws. He is a proponent of the Creative Commons organization, using some of their licenses for his books. Common themes in his work include digital rights management and file sharing.

Gilberto Gil, the Brazilian musician and former Minister of Cultural Affairs who initiated pioneering programs in Brazil through a partnership with Creative Commons. As Minister, he sponsored a program called Culture Points, which gives grants to provide music technology and education to people living in poor areas of the country's cities.

Dan O'Neill, an underground cartoonist and founder of the Air Pirates, a group which was famously sued by The Walt Disney Company for copyright infringement.
Jammie Thomas, the single mom successfully sued by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) at the Capitol v. Thomas case for Thomas' illegal downloading. The single mother, who made US$36,000 a year, was ordered to pay US$222,220 in damages for making 24 songs available for download on the Kazaa file-sharing network.