nERv

Anno 2070 Deep Ocean Addon (c) Ubisoft

10/2012: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: SS2/Crap
1: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: Strategy

In the depths of the ocean and hidden in overgrown stones for years, the
Techs unleash their ultimate power: Geothermal Energy Generation. The most
powerful tool of the future forces the world of 2070 to expand exploration
into the deep blue sea. Becoming the focus of gameplay, underwater plateaus
offer new industries, large production chains, and resources

Success elevates the Techs to a new level: the Genius population. They
assert themselves even over the ocean's surface. Impressive monuments and
various new buildings strengthen their position

Underwater exploration and exploitation require players to take advantage of
their environment and master a brand-new resource, using diplomacy and trade
as powerful weapons to make their civilizations thrive in this hostile
environment

Bound to islands lost in the deep blue sea, players will have to conquer
remaining stretches of land and dive underwater to create a futuristic
submerged industry to support an expanding economy

To nurture supremacy, players will construct new buildings, erect monuments
open power plants, exploit exclusive energy resources, develop underwater
trading routes, and gain access to a new civilization development stage to
take control of the advanced Genius population

Even though evolution is at the heart of the gameplay, don't underestimate
the environment - beware of devastating natural disasters like tsunamis!

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game. This is an addon and it requires Anno 2070 to be
installed
4. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack dir on the disc to your
<install> dir. Then either run install.bat or copy the "Profile" dir to
"%USERPROFILE%Application DataUbisoftANNO 2070" yourself
5. Block all of the game exes in your system firewall. If you don't know how
to, google for it
6. Play the game. When prompted, use "RELOADED" as login and "1" as password
to play the game offline. Enjoy


System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: 2 GHz Intel Core2 Duo or AMD Athlon 64 X2 or better
Memory: 2 GB (4 GB recommended)
Graphics: 512 MB DirectX 9.0cΓÇôcompatible with Shader Model 3.0 or higher
DirectX: 9.0c
Hard Drive: 7 GB


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/BLJKt.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/YivKH.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/7ErdV.jpg


ENJOY!