FriendCaster Pro - the best Facebook experience on Android devices, with no ads!

Friendcaster is the #1 third party Facebook app available for Android with over 3,000,000 downloads and thousands of positive reviews.

Version 5.0 is sporting a beautiful interface, loads of Facebook features and the only real time Facebook notifications available through Google Play. When it comes to getting your Facebook “fix” on Android, Friendcaster is the way to go, and it’s free!

With Friendcaster we've also put in thousands of hours making the app VERY fast. Tired of waiting on the Facebook app to update? Go with Friendcaster!

If features are what you're after, we've got em:
★ All your favorite Facebook features (status updates, photos, messages, events, groups, checkins, etc)
★ Instant real time notifications (much faster than any other Facebook app)
★ Full news feed
★ Comment, post and like comments
★ 5 beautiful themes, and growing!
★ Quick access to posting status updates, photos and video
★ Quick access to checkins
★ Beautiful checkin map of all your nearby friend's locations
★ Easily view your news feed based on your Facebook friend lists
★ Displays your full size cover photo on the app opening screen
★ Support for multiple accounts
★ Hi-res photos directly in the news feed
★ Quick and easy setup assistant for notifications
★ Designed specifically for Android and Ice Cream Sandwich
★ And hundreds of additional features throughout the app... give it a try!

Facebook will never be the same once you've used this app. Keep up with friends and family faster with Friendcaster for Facebook.

Got a Facebook feature you'd like to see or something you think would make the app better? We listen and respond to your feedback every day in an effort to continue making this the best app available for Facebook on Android.

What's in this version:
Fix viewing the wrong photo from the news feed
Facebook Chat API is now used to send private messages, in threads that allow it (2-person threads). Requires a re-login to authorize the facebook chat permission when an upgrading user opens messages, a message thread, or sends a message from a user's profile info tab.
Videos can now be posted to profiles, groups, and events
Streamlined photo/video upload dialogs
Default value for "Save News Feed Position" is now disabled.

Installation Instructions :

1. Just install and Enjoy  !!!