'Zap 7' Mini Comic
Apex Novelties, 1972

I upped this one separately so people who already have the 'Zap Comix' and don't want the restored versions can grab this one quickly by itself. 

Not a whole lot of info available for this one. You would think it would have something to do with the full-size 'Zap Comix' issue seven, but that doesn't seem to be the case. Issue seven of 'Zap Comix' was released in 1974, issue six in 1973, so it doesn't fit within the publication history of the main series. Sir Real says the print run was only 500 copies, but he doesn't list (at this time) any issue numbers from 1-6. It's very possible that the use of the number seven was arbitrary, or maybe a joke, or maybe 7 cents (the cover price) is what they had to sell it for to break even so that became the issue number. Who knows?

Also, this probably didn't need to be 'Restored' as it didn't really do a whole lot to change it. When viewing the 'Restored' version you will definitely need to click it down a few notches to get a better image quality. 

Contributors: Robert Crumb, Rick Griffin, Jack Jackson and ???


The Robert Crumb Restoration Project

- Caveats - Admonitions - Indicium - Edoceo - 

1. What is this? Well, it's an attempt to supply as much Robert Crumb as possible in the highest quality possible. All of the books (as needed) will have undergone my usual 'Restoration' process. However, in this case, from book to book I've attempted to keep everything looking as alike as possible, as if Robert Crumb had been releasing a long running monthly over the last ten years. All the pages are the same size. All pages are bright white with solid greys and crisp black lines, as little bleed though as possible (in almost all cases, that means none at all) and vibrant color wherever it exists (front and back covers, etc).

2. A lot of people will already have some or all of these files in their original form. If you are OK with them as they are, don't download these! Some people won't care that these look completely different, or will think they should look the way they've always looked and I totally respect that point of view.

3. Please know before you start that if you intend to download everything it will eventually be MORE than 6 GB of files.

Phase One: Books by Robert Crumb alone (in all but a couple instances) scanned cover to cover.

Phase Two: The Complete Crumb volumes that I have ready at the moment (12 of 17). These books run chronologically and contain work from Crumb's own cover to cover books, as well as all the pieces he contributed to other various artist underground comics and periodicals of all sorts. As such, these books will have work from Phases One and Three, as well as work not available in either. 

Phase Three: The Various Artists Collection. All the books I have that Crumb contributed to, scanned and 'Restored' cover to cover, so as to include the work of the other artists and writers involved.

Phase Four: Whatever I find after the fact that would have gone in Phases 1-3 if I had it at the time.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part of the 'Restoration' process is done to make it possible to enlarge these images. As such, after you have opened the files in a comic book reader some of you may actually need to shrink them down a bit to improve the image quality.