POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 75 - Secret Government

Agenda - Grinding America Down:
Get the award winning documentary that reveals the true direction our society is moving… be informed about the intentional changes that are happening and discover what you can do to stand up against these forces.

Cointelpro 101:
COINTELPRO may not be a well-understood acronym but its meaning and continuing impact are absolutely central to understanding the government’s wars and repression against progressive movements. COINTELPRO represents the state’s strategy to prevent movements and communities from overturning white supremacy and creating racial justice. COINTELPRO is both a formal program of the FBI and a term frequently used to describe a conspiracy among government agencies—local, state, and federal—to destroy movements for self-determination and liberation for Black, Brown, Asian, and Indigenous struggles, as well as mount an institutionalized attack against allies of these movements and other progressive organizations.

COINTELPRO 101 is a 56-minute educational film that will open the door to understanding this history. This documentary will introduce viewers new to this history to the basics and direct them to other resources where they can learn more. The intended audiences are the generations that did not experience the social justice movements of the sixties and seventies.


UFO Propaganda to bring the world into a New World Order:
Over the past 60 years we have been bombarded with hints that we have been or are being visited by aliens and many many UFO's but now it seems many think that this is a carefully planned false flag attack to bring the world under one control system by means of an outside threat, then the people will allow their freedom to be take away to keep then safe. 2012? time will tell.....


William Cooper on Secret Government:
2 Hours presentation by William Cooper, Alladin Hotel, Las Vegas, Nevada, July 2, 1989

The Secret Government Origin, Identity & Purpose of (The Real) MJ-12

What do UFO's, the Trilateral Commission, the Bilderburgers, the Jason Society, and Presindeant George Bush have in common?

