Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate
 
LEADING APEXTRANS TECHNOLOGY- 30X faster conversion speed, ZERO quality loss 

More video toolbox than a just a converter, this app lets you effortlessly convert/burn DVD, even download and edit videos--enjoying video anywhere just got simpler.
 Convert 30X faster than other converters Convert video to 158 formats Edit video even faster and easier Download and capture web video with a click Burn video to DVD disc, DVD folder, or to ISO files with ease
 
Don't Let Compatibility Issues Ruin Another Movie Night
 
Wondershare Video Converter Ultimate is a blazing-fast drag-and-drop digital video converter, DVD burner and converter, which lets you convert videos/DVDs to and from virtually any video format out there, with 30X faster conversion speed. Stop limiting your video entertainment options on your PC. Make your movies versatile by instantly converting them to AVI, WMV, MP4, MKV, FLV, 3GP, MPG--even convert video to 3D. Burn video files to DVD disc, DVD folder, or ISO files, download or record videos from YouTube, Google, Yahoo, Myspace, CNN and other video-sharing sites, convert home DVD movies to any video/audio, for playback on devices. The program offers some default settings for iPhone/iPad/iPod/PSP/HTC, Windows Media Player/Movie Maker and other popular devices and apps.
 
30X Faster Video Conversion
 Taking an eternity to convert a single video clip? Converting a movie you want to watch to the format you need shouldn't be a test of patience.
 
Movie night never gets delayed! Powered by WondershareΓÇÖs industry leading APEXTRANSΓäó technology, giving you unbelievable conversion speed, and featuring an exclusive innovated transcoding engine which allows you to convert lossless video up to 30X faster than other converters on the market--just play and enjoy!

 Convert Video to Virtually any Format
 With an ultra-intuitive user experience, anyone can easily convert video to 158 formats, including MOV, M4V, MP4, WMV, MKV, AVI, XviD,MPEG, DVD-Video, FLV, 3GP and loads more--perfect to fit your iPad, iPhone, iPod, android,windows Phone,PSP, Xbox 360 and a rainbow of other devices.
 

Supported OS: 

Windows 8/7/XP/Vista 

Homepage: http://www.wondershare.com/pro/video-converter-ultimate.html
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 