ArchiCAD 16 introduces a comprehensive ecosystem of solutions to ease the creation, sharing, and finding of custom BIM Components. Built-in Energy Evaluation turns ArchiCAD 16 into the “greenest” BIM solution available on the market today.
DESIGN

Custom objects, components, and structures require a tool with extraordinary modeling flexibility. ArchiCAD 16 introduces direct modeling capabilities into the native BIM environment with its brand new MORPH™ tool. MORPH allows element creation with any custom geometry in an intuitive graphical way, featuring popular modeling techniques. MORPH elements can be created from scratch simply or by converting any existing ArchiCAD BIM element. The MORPH tool is an optimal solution for creating custom BIM components, custom structures, and custom elements of the built environment as well as custom-designed building interiors.

BIM Components

Building components is one of the most dynamically developing segments of the BIM industry. ArchiCAD 16 fundamentally changes the possibilities the average user has to obtain custom BIM Components for their BIM projects. ArchiCAD’s new modeling capabilities, connected with the cloud-based BIM Component database allow users to create, search, upload, and download custom BIM components of their choice. The fully-integrated web portal makes sharing BIM components a core community function. BIMcomponents.com also provides a central “marketplace” for all GDL objects to directly reach ArchiCAD users when they need those objects the most.

Sustainability

In today’s environment, sustainability is an imperative for all building projects. The main decisions influencing a building’s sustainability features are made by the architects. GRAPHISOFT continues to innovate in “green” as well, uniquely offering the best workflow for sustainable design, integrated in its BIM authoring tool. The built-in Energy Evaluation functionality of ArchiCAD 16 is similar to the former standalone EcoDesigner™ product, but is based on entirely new technology which allows architects to perform reliable dynamic energy evaluation of their BIM model within ArchiCAD, relying on BIM geometry analysis and accurate hour-by-hour online weather data of the building’s location.

Open BIM and Productivity

Together with ArchiCAD 16, GRAPHISOFT also delivers important workflow and productivity updates. These include an upgraded BIM Server™, Cloud-integrated model sharing service for BIMx users with an active maintenance contract, enhanced Library, and advanced Teamwork backup options for even greater data safety. ArchiCAD’s improved IFC handling skills with the management of a wide range of IFC data and DXF/DWG data exchange make Open BIM a perfect solution when consultants or other involved parties use different software. New features also affect ArchiCAD's 3D editing workflows and performance.