Avengers Forever is a twelve-issue comic book limited series published from December, 1998 to November, 1999 by Marvel Comics.  The series was written by Kurt Busiek and Roger Stern, and drawn by Carlos Pacheco and Jesus Merino.

The character Immortus sends his servant, Tempus, to kill an apparently critically ill Rick Jones, the possessor of the "Destiny Force," a powerful ability utilized during the Kree-Skrull War storyline.  Rick, however, is saved by the Kree Supreme Intelligence, who urges him to use the Destiny Force to summon aid.  With the help of former Zodiac member Libra, Rick pulls various members of the superhero Avengers team from the past, present, and future.

The team consists of a very disillusioned Captain America (pulled from an adventure in which he discovers a high-ranking government official is the leader of the Secret Empire;) Yellowjacket (from a time when he is mentally unbalanced and unaware that he is Henry Pym;) Hawkeye (from just after the conclusion of the Kree-Skrull War and war against Olympus;) Giant-Man (also Henry Pym;) and The Wasp (from the present;) and Captain Marvel (pulled from a few months into the future;) and Songbird (taken from an alternate universe.)

The Avengers battle Immortus across several different eras (including encounters in the American Old West with:  The Two-Gun Kid; The Night Rider; The Ringo Kid; the Rawhide Kid; Kid Colt and the Gunhawks, as well as an alternate version of The Avengers from the 1950s.)  The Avengers discover Immortus possesses The Forever Crystal, an artifact that can control multiple realities.  Kang, The Conqueror (who is destined to evolve into Immortus) aids The Avengers as part of his 'rebellion' against his apparent destiny, and reveals that Immortus serves a trio of entities called The Time Keepers, with his previous interactions with the team having been motivated by an effort to keep humanity limited to prevent them from developing into a threat to the universe.  The Time Keepers eventually reveal that, in 42% of the various futures they have witnessed, mankind will travel into space and, at the cost of many alien cultures, establish The Terran Empire.

Kang aids The Avengers and in the final battle kills The Time Keepers when they attempt to punish Immortus for failing.  The attempts of The Time Keepers to force Kang to become Immortus (after they killed the future Immortus) results in a temporal backlash due to the strength of will of Kang, and the unique temporal conditions of the conflict, culminating in Kang and Immortus being recreated as separate beings.  Captain Marvel merges with Rick to save his life, and all The Avengers are returned to their respective time lines with a lingering memory of the incident. 

A consequence of the adventure is that the alternate Earth version of The Avengers formed in the 1950s now exists in mainstream reality (Earth-616) as the Agents Of Atlas (Marvel Boy; Venus; 3-D Man; Gorilla-Man; Human Robot; and Jimmy Woo.)