nERv

Iron Sky: Invasion (c) Reality Pump
11/2012: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: Serial+Activation
1: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: Action/RTS/Sim

In 1945 a small band of Nazis escaped the Earth to settle on the dark side
of the moon, where they lay in wait for the next 70 years planning their
revenge
Now it is 2018, and for more than half a century the Nazis have watched
us, waiting for any sign of weakness. Their invasion has begun. Mankind
faces the most radical enemy it has ever known: the Fourth Reich
The end is coming. Do you have what it takes to become a legend? Because
anything less, and you will fail. In war, a force multiplier is a soldier
or weapon that causes so much damage the enemy loses its will to fight. On
the ground, this means a snipe... but in the sky it means a pilot, a
dogfighting, showboating champion. Do you have what it takes to be the next
legend of the skies?

ABOUT IRON SKY INVASION
Blind Spot Pictures, the film making masterminds behind the hit movie
"Iron Sky", have teamed up with Reality Pump, the game development studio
responsible for multiple blockbuster game franchises (such as the "Earth"
series and the "Two Worlds" games) to deliver the next big thing in space
combat simulation -"Iron Sky: Invasion"

The game puts the players in direct control of an advanced space fighter
pilot hell-bent on protecting Earth from an invading Nazi fleet from outer space

FEATURES
Unique, genre-busting gameplay - space flight and combat simulation, with
elements of RTS
Breathtaking 3-D universe filled with awe-inspiring effects, courtesy of
the powerful GRACE 2 engine
Multiple weapons: lasers, homing missiles, and even tactical nukes
Multiple classes of ships: Fighter, Heavy Bomber, and Gunboat
Massive upgrades: home station docking opens a user-friendly game economy
allowing players to access hundreds of ship upgrades
Advanced Artificial Intelligence to challenge even the most crackshot
pilot

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game
4. Install the update in the /Crack directory on the DVD
5. Copy the content from /Crack directory on the DVD to the <install>
directory of the game, overwriting existing files
6. Play the game
7. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


Minimum system requirements:

Dual Core CPU, 
2 GB Ram, 
1 GB free HDD space, 
Graphics Card with Shader 3.0 or higher, 
Windows XP, Vista, 7 or 8 ΓÇô Mac OS 10.7 or higher.


Poster:

 
http://imgon.net/di-3UXN.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://imgon.net/di-4UT0.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-4IZ6.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-5WGG.jpg


ENJOY!