* XVID CAM  * 01H20M28S    * + 1300 Bitrate    * Worked with the Dub plugins



* FILE INFO :


- Black borders at the top and the bottom in full screen corrected

- particles on the picture background reduced to the minimum

- colours improved

 


* Plot :


A crew of amateur pirates under the direction of the ambitious but 

equally inexpert Pirate Captain try to plunder ships so that the 

Pirate Captain can accomplish his dream of winning the Pirate of the 

Year Award and outsmart his rivals, Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz. 

After various failed raids on useless ships- including a plague boat, 

a nudist boat, and a ghost ship-, they hijack the Beagle and encounter 

Charles Darwin, who informs them that Polly, the supposed parrot of 

the pirate crew, is actually the last living dodo. The pirates go with 

Darwin and his trained chimpanzee Mr. Bobo to London to show Polly to 

the Royal Society. Their plan is a success, but the pirates (who are 

disguised as scientists) are unmasked by Queen Victoria, who hates 

pirates.

The Pirate Captain leaves Polly with the queen in return for a pardon 

and a large gold treasure. He presents the treasure at the Pirate of 

the Year competition, but he is disqualified and exiled when his 

pardon is discovered; in addition, his crew abandons him when they 

learn that he sold Polly. Returning to London in an attempt to save 

Polly, the Pirate Captain reunites with Darwin. Together they find out 

that Queen Victoria is planning to eat Polly and other rare animals at 

a secret meeting with other heads of state on her flagship, the QV1. 

The duo hijack an airship from the Royal Society, fly to the QV1 and 

confront Victoria. With the support of the pirate crew and Mr. Bobo, 

they are able to save Polly, sink the QV1 and defeat Victoria. In the 

end, the Pirate Captain learns the value of friendship and loyalty 

while Darwin finds a girlfriend on the Galapagos Islands and Mr. Bobo 

joins the pirate crew.
