E X T R A O R D i N A R Y   r E V E R S E   E N G i N E E R i N G   S Q U A D

nfo:
ph0!SiLK

Reaching for
perfection...

Release Information

-Release Name    : Angry Birds Space
-Release Version : v1.2.0
-Release Group   : ErES
-Release Type    : Cracked
-Operating System: Windows
-Release Date    : 16/07/12
-Filename        : as120
-Disk(s)         : 04 disk(s)

Release Description

Angry Birds Space - from floating through space to using the
gravity of nearby planets to set up spectacular trick shots,
Angry Birds Space takes the gameplay that fans already know
and love to a totally new level. With brand new birds, brand
new superpowers, and a whole galaxy to explore, the sky is no
longer the limit!

Installation Instructions

Two choises:

#1 Normal crack (the classic approach you know and love)

Install
Copy cracked files (Crack Folder) to installed directory.
Register with any key.
Have fun!

#2

Option 2 is a little different from our usual approach. This
Injector should work with future updates aswell, but it
requires a internet connection (so no firewall) because it
reads the packets from inside the game and tricks the game
into thinking the key is valid.

Install.
Copy Injector files (Injector Folder) to installed directory.
Start game and Ctrl-Tab out.
Start injector.
Go back into game, type any serial key.
Go back into the game, type any serial key and click Register
to register the game.
Have fun!

If you like this game, buy it! :)

ErES - Group Information

Here at ErES we consider each member as more than just a collegue or a
friend, but as a family member. It's been just over three years since
ErES was established and in that time in the scene we've produced many
quality releases because of our attitude not only as a group -- but as
individuals; each member of the group has shown respect and friendship
and in return offers loyalty that could only be found when part of a
tight-knit family. We are not a release machine and never intend to be.
We have a relaxed, yet hard-working attitude towards producing releases
and you can see this through all of our current (and future) releases.

If you feel ErES is a family that you want to be part of
we have listed below the currently open positions and things we
require:

Experienced reversers for all Operating Systems;
Skilled coders;
Quality suppliers;
Good 100Mbit+ EU & Asia Sites to affil with;
Anything else you think we might like!

e r e s g r p  a t  g m a i l . c o m

ascii/nfo:...........ph0!SiLK    updated:............16.04.2010