Five Blind Boys Of Alabama~Platinum Gospel (Sonorous) [FLAC] {MKOP}

''A compilation of their classic recordings on the HOB Gospel label.''

The Five Blind Boys of Alabama are one of the really great names in gospel music, and one of the few names of a gospel group known outside the world of gospel. They are one of the longest standing groups still recording and performing in 2008. Their career can best be divided in three parts. First the Golden Age (1948-1963) when the recorded for labels as Specialty and  Vee Jay. In the second phase of their career (1965-1989) they recorded for HOB, Jewel, Wajji, Messiah and others, can best be described as the Middle Stage. The third phase (1992 - today), or the Crossover Stage, is the period when they recorded for Major Record Companies and are selling more albums than ever. On this page we focus on the Middle Stage of their career, because it's the least well documented phase, even their own website doesn't have a lot about this period.

When Vee-Jay went bankrupt in 1965, The Boys were without a contract. New York based HOB was quick to pick them up and sign them. At that time HOB was becoming one of the leading labels in gospel music, in what were trying times for traditional Gospel ΓÇÿquartetsΓÇÖ.  There was not much of a market for their music outside of Church. Although they continued to get work, the 'money was gettin' funny', and arguments within the group began to drive them apart. During the late sixties it became a common practice in the world of Gospel Music to give the lead vocalist a more prominent position. On many of the HOB released 45ΓÇÖs the group was advertised as Clarence Fountain and the Blind Boys of Alabama. Clarence Fountain apparently felt that he was the 'star', and that he should be paid more than the other founding members. This wasn't going to fly, and so he left The Blind Boys in 1969. The Boys continued recording albums (but almost no 45ΓÇÖs) for HOB well into the seventies.~Red Kelly & Cies de Theije (justmovingon.info)

01. Hold Me In The Heart Of Your Hand
02. Alone And Motherless
03. A Great Camp Meeting
04. So Sweet To Be Saved
05. Running For My Life
06. Lord Search My Heart
07. Reach Out & Touch Somebody's Hand
08. It's Alright
09. Oh Happy Day
10. Motherless Child
11. I'm Willing To Run

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders