Ashampoo Photo Optimizer 5 optimizes and polishes your photos to high gloss with just one click. The Ashampoo Photo Optimizer combines a modern and clear program interface, which is already prepared for the touch screen controls of the latest monitors and laptops, with intuitive usage and a thought-out range of functions. Among the features of the program are also several effects that you can apply to your photos and that will shed new light on them. An absolute highlight among the effects is the age image effect with which you will set your photo back to the pioneering days of photography. First class results are also achieved with other effects or rather functions, for example red eye correction, inversion of colors or watermarking. The Ashampoo Photo Optimizer convinces with its clearly structured user interface including an integrated image viewer in Explorer style for a quick access to all your digital pictures. Furthermore, you can now also adjust the thumbnail view of the photos according to your wishes.You can for example switch between vertical and horizontal order as well as change the size of thumbnails.

One click optimization
Just select a picture, click on “Optimize“ and experience the wow effect. Your pictures will become more attractive, brighter and more natural. No matter whether you want to optimize one or several pictures – with the Ashampoo Photo Optimizer everything is finished with just one click.

Wide range of functions
The Ashampoo Photo Optimizer has all functions that you need to make the best out of your photos – red eye correction, several effects, watermarking, color correction, one click optimization, rotate, mirror, age images and lots more. The result of an optimization or an effect can be comfortably viewed and compared to the original picture in a before / after split screen. If you don’t like an automatic optimization, you can do a manual color correction with the help of slide controls.
Correction of the dreaded red eye effect in flash photos is just as easy: Just roughly select the part of the photo containing the red eyes and click, Ashampoo Photo Optimizer does the rest. With one of all the effects your pictures will become eye-catchers. Let the program for example age your image and experience the fascination of old photo in your latest pictures. If you don’t want others to boast themselves with your photos, just use a text or a symbol as watermark for your pictures. This makes a lot of sense especially with photos that you would like to post on the Internet. The photo optimizer will help there, too.
