Sarah Rose - For All the Tea in China: How England Stole the World's Favorite Drink and Changed History

96 kbps, Unabridged, Read by Sarah Rose
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/for-all-the-tea-in-china-sarah-rose/1102340078

Overview
A dramatic historical narrative of the man who stole the secret of tea from China

In 1848, the British East India Company, having lost its monopoly on the tea trade, engaged Robert Fortune, a Scottish gardener, botanist, and plant hunter, to make a clandestine trip into the interior of China—territory forbidden to foreigners—to steal the closely guarded secrets of tea horticulture and manufacturing. For All the Tea in China is the remarkable account of Fortune's journeys into China—a thrilling narrative that combines history, geography, botany, natural science, and old-fashioned adventure.

Disguised in Mandarin robes, Fortune ventured deep into the country, confronting pirates, hostile climate, and his own untrustworthy men as he made his way to the epicenter of tea production, the remote Wu Yi Shan hills. One of the most daring acts of corporate espionage in history, Fortune's pursuit of China's ancient secret makes for a classic nineteenth-century adventure tale, one in which the fate of empires hinges on the feats of one extraordinary man.

Adrian Higgins
With her probing inquiry and engaging prose, Sarah Rose paints a fresh and vivid account of life in rural 19th-century China and Fortune's fateful journey into it…if ever there was a book to read in the company of a nice cuppa, this is it.
—The Washington Post

Product Details
ISBN-13: 9780143118749
Publisher: Penguin Group (USA) Incorporated
Publication date: 2/22/2011

Meet the Author
Sarah Rose holds degrees from Harvard University and the University of Chicago. She has worked as a journalist in Hong Kong, Miami, and New York, and now covers food and travel for such magazines as Men's Journal, Bon Appetit, and Brides. She lives in New York City. Sarah Rose holds degrees from Harvard University and the University of Chicago. She has worked as a journalist in Hong Kong, Miami, and New York, and now covers food and travel for such magazines as Men's Journal, Bon Appetit, and Brides. She lives in New York City.