Professional Body Builder, bound, oiled, hung upside down, throat fucked, made to cum! | Ashley Starr | Matt Williams

January 2, 2013 
 

MP4 only.    
    
 
Ashley Starr is back with her last installment, well, until we invite her back again. This hot professional body builder is one of the few of her kind to understand that fans want to see powerful women sexually helpless.

With an unbreakable wooden pole across her strong muscular shoulders, Ashley is bound like the Hercules of old from TV andThe weight of the pole is not trivial, over time it will wear on a person. With her breasts very tightly bound, Ashley finds that all her strength is useless, and she is completely humiliated, helpless and at our command. 

We demonstrated pain to Ashley in the other scenes so she knows she must obey or we will punish. We command her to open her mouth wide and close her eyes, she knows what is coming: Hard White Cock. 

We throat fuck our helpless bodybuilder, a deep, hard, skull fucking. We hold the cock all the way down her throat past her ability to breathe. We fuck her mouth until she is a drooling mess who is sexually dizzy from lack of proper breathing. We push her to the ground, slap thin leather straps around her ankles and lift her into and inverted suspension. 

We hold her so her mouth is at cock level and impale her wet tight pussy with a dildo, a vibrator that locks directly on to her HUGE swollen clit. Within seconds she cums. Her HUGE clit is so sensitive she has no chance, she just cums uncontrollably. We oil up her muscular body, spray water on her, and she is now art. Helpless and cumming, we add painful clamps to her big nipples and pull them out to her wrist. We jam the hard white cock back down her helpless throat and fuck her face without mercy as she cums and cums and cums.

Her ass is perfect hanging upside down but we want to see it bent over like in a nice doggy style position. We lower her and put her on her knees ass up. Her pussy look so inviting so we fuck it with the hard white cock. With-in seconds this powerful, muscled women is cumming from the hard pounding in her pussy. She is a mess, drooling cumming and deep in subspace. Ashley Starr profesional bodybuilder has been sexually broken. 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/01_02astarr3/SexuallyBroken-Ashley-Starr-Matt-Williams-Professional-Body-Builder-bound-oiled-hung-upside-down-throat-fucked-made-to-cum%20.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

