Little Steven's Underground Garage Presents: CHRISTMAS A GO-GO

“We know things are a little rough out there this year so inspiration is on the way! We have an amazing Wicked Cool Christmas gift for you this year. How about Keith Richards’ classic ‘Run Rudolph Run’ available for the first time on CD! Bob Seger’s extremely rare “Sock It To Me” never available on a single compilation, Darlene Love and the E Street band’s ‘All Alone On Christmas’ only available on a hard to find soundtrack. Plus favorite Christmas classics by The Kinks, The Ramones, Clarence Carter, Rufus Thomas, Roy Wood, and the impossible to find ‘Santa Claus is Surfin’ To Town’ by the totally amazing Soupy Sales! We’re proud of all our records but this one is not only the coolest Christmas party record ever it¹s full of collectible classics as well. Happy Holidays baby!” – Little Steven Van Zandt

------

Leave it to Little Steven to come up with an exquistely hip and fun Christmas set that perfectly balances rockin' chestnuts with deep-vault obscurites. While tracks such as the Kinks' "Father Christmas," Clarence Carter's "Backdoor Santa," and the Ramones' "Merry Christmas (I Don't Want to Fight Tonight)" are perennial favorites for those who require something a bit more jumpin' than Bing Crosby, the presence of Bob Seger's killer "Sock It to Me Santa" and Keith Richards's "Run Rudolph Run" alone make CHRISTMAS A GO-GO a seasonal must-have. Other stand-out Yuletide jams include Roy Wood's "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday," Soupy Sales's "Santa Clause is Surfin to Town," and the ridiculously funky "I'll be Your Santa" by Rufus Thomas.

01 - Keith Richards - Run Rudolph Run
02 - Bob Seger and the Last Heard - Sock it to Me Santa
03 - Ramones - Merry Christmas (I Don't Want to Fight)
04 - Darlene Love & the E Street Band - All Alone on Christmas
05 - Clarence Carter - Back Door Santa
06 - The Len Price 3 - It's Christmas Time Ebenezer
07 - Wizzard - I Wish It Could be Christmas Every Day
08 - The Fab Four - Silent Night
09 - Tina Sugandh - White Christmas
10 - The Chevelles - Come All Ye Faithful Surfer Girls
11 - The Brian Setzer Orchestra - Santa Drives a Hot Rod
12 - Soupy Sales - Santa Claus is Surfin' to Town
13 - Cocktail Slippers - Santa's Coming Home
14 - Joe Pesci - If It Doesn't Snow on Christmas
15 - Boss Martians - 3 Ghosts
16 - Rufus Thomas - I'll Be Your Santa Baby
17 - The Chesterfield Kings - Hey Santa Claus
18 - The Electric Prunes - Jingle Bells
19 - The Kinks - Father Christmas
20 - Jean Beauvoir - Merry Christmas to All the World

Product Details
Release Date: 10/21/2008
UPC: 856385001756
Label: Wicked Cool Record
Catalog Number: 500175