This movie is a motor racing classic and a hard to find movie I managed to come across. I was unable to find any active torrents for it in my searching.

This is an absolute time-warp classic with a story line that seems to draw on aspects of the life of the great Tazio Nuvolari. If you have any love of the golden years of Grand Prix racing back in the fifties before cars were stripped of their character, this is a feast of beautiful machinery never to be seen again. It was a time when the giants dominated - Fangio, Moss, Ascari, Behra, Hawthorn, Collins, etc. on some of the best but dangerous circuits which, of course, would be condemned today. Movie contains video footage of many of the drivers.
The cars are all real - Ferrari, Maserati, Mercedes et al - and the track action is genuine. Although Douglas, Romero, etc., never left the studio in LA for the filming of this movie, there is some very good footage of some of the actual 1954 races including the Monaco Grand Prix, Mille Miglia, Nurburgring, Spa, and Reims.  There are in-car shots, though not many, including a shot going through Eau Rouge at Spa that was duplicated by Frankenheimer in "Grand Prix" 11 years later.
From the video quality it appears to be a DVD burn of a VHS tape, as I can find no record of this movie ever being released on CD. Video quality is good for being a VHS transfer.
Please seed as much as possible
This is in the original Cinemascope (Letterbox) format, not pan and scan.

Country: USA
Language: English ΓÇô No Subtitles
Release Date: 4 Feb 1955
Also Known As: Such Men Are Dangerous
Filming Locations: 20th Century Fox Studios - 10201 Pico Blvd., Century City, Los Angeles, California, USA
Runtime: 88 min
Sound Mix: 4-Track Stereo (Western Electric Recording)
Color: Yes
Aspect Ratio: 2.55 : 1
Director: Henry Hathaway
Writers: Charles Kaufman, Hans Ruesch (novel)
Stars: Kirk Douglas, Bella Darvi, Cesar Romero, Lee J Cobb and Gilbert Roland

Please rate and comment on this torrent.  Thank you.
Again, please seed.
