Throughout his sophomore release, comedian Tom Segura offers a hilariously cynical view of modern society, poignant ruminations about the people around us and, perhaps most importantly, some words of wisdom, a portion of which center around the title of the album, White Girls with Cornrows.

Self-released by Segura, White Girls takes aim at guys who wear cowboy hats — “I think it’s time to see an end to the man who walks around in public with a cowboy hat on like he’s not wearing a cowboy hat in public. That shit is ridiculous.” — to, well, white chicks who wear cornrows. Combining the snarky observations and often ill-spirited rants fans have come to expect from the co-host of the much-loved podcast, Your Mom’s House, Segura takes his audience on a sarcastic comedic temper tantrum as he sharply rips apart his personal obstacles– both real and imagined.

The Los Angeles-based, Cincinnati-bred Segura has graced the stage on Conan, has starred in his own Comedy Central Presents and has appeared on Russell Peters Presents on Showtime and Live at Gotham– as well as performing at some of the top comedy festivals in the world, hitting Montreal, Vancouver and Melbourne. So, he’s most definitely in a position to observe and report about culture. Hence his theory on white girls who wear a style of hairdo made famous by Snoop Dogg: “You can always tell when you’re in a dicey neighborhood,” Segura cautions, “when you see white girls with cornrows…if you ever see a white girl with cornrows, just know that she is down for whatever. You don’t see it a lot, but where you do see it, is on prison shows.”

It seems few topics are off-limits for Segura, but despite how much he has to say about others, he knows that the best humor starts with himself (highlighted by a colorful story about being caught masturbating and a theory about his ever-degenerating ability to have decent sex) or with his family: it seems Segura’s cousin Brian thinks he’s an inventor; by the comedian’s estimation, however, “he’s just an asshole.”And although Segura can be comfortably classified as critical, he does it with delightfully sardonic over tones reminiscent of Jon Lovitz, combined with a laid-back, Eugene Mirman-like pace that come together to create an hour of comedy that leaves you feeling a bit guilty (and perhaps surprised at yourself) for laughing so heartily at others.

01 Intro
02 Los Angeles Is Spanish
03 White Girls With Cornrows
04 Every Family Has Stupid
05 Animal Man
06 Ass Hats
07 People Want to Connect
08 Destiny
09 Nyc
10 Inspiration
11 Where the Dudes At_
12 My Downfall
13 Caught By Strangers
14 Confusing Words
15 Worse At Sex
16 Bonus_ a Mexican Story