THE HUNGER GAMES TRILOGY by Suzanne Collins PDF EBOOK SET

FIND MORE BOOKS AT:

  h t t p : / / s i m b o o k s . c o m u l e . c o m  

What you will download:

  1. Book 1 - The Hunger Games PDF eBook
  2. Book 2 - Catching Fire PDF eBook
  3. Book 3 - Mockingjay PDF eBook



The Hunger Games 
     by Suzanne Collins 

Category : Science Fiction
Series : Hunger Games Trilogy - Book I 
Publication : 14 September, 2008 
Synopsis: In the ruins of a place once known as North America lies the nation of Panem, a shining Capitol surrounded by twelve outlaying districts. The Capitol is harsh and cruel and keeps the districts in line by forcing them all to send one girl and one boy between the ages of twelve and eighteen to participate in the annual Hunger Games, a fight to the death on live TV. Sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives alone with her mother and younger sister, regards it as a death sentence when she is forced to represent her district in the Games. But Katniss has also resolved to outwit the creators of the games. To do that she will have to be the last person standing at the end of the deadly ordeal, and that will take every ounce of strength and cunning she has.

Catching Fire 
     by Suzanne Collins 

Category : Science Fiction
Series : Hunger Games Trilogy - Book II 
Publication : 1 September, 2009 
Synopsis: Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has won the annual Hunger Games with fellow district tribute Peeta Mellark. But it was a victory won by defiance of the Capitol and their harsh rules. Katniss and Peeta should be happy. After all, they have just won for themselves and their families a life of safety and plenty. But there are rumors of rebellion among the subjects, and Katniss and Peeta, to their horror, are the faces of that rebellion. The Capitol is angry. The Capitol wants revenge.

Mockingjay
      by Suzanne Collins 

Category : Science Fiction
Series : Hunger Games Trilogy - Book III 
Publication : 24 August, 2010 
Synopsis: Against all odds, Katniss Everdeen has survived the Hunger Games twice. But now that she\'s made it out of the bloody arena alive, she\'s still not safe. The Capitol is angry. The Capitol wants revenge. Who do they think should pay for the unrest? Katniss. And what\'s worse, President Snow has made it clear that no one else is safe either. Not Katniss\'s family, not her friends, not the people of District 12. Powerful and haunting, this thrilling final installment of Suzanne Collins\'s groundbreaking The Hunger Games trilogy promises to be one of the most talked about books of the year.



Please seed and if you like the torrent, please comment.