Sacred Heart is Dio's third studio album. It was released in August 15, 1985 on Warner Bros. Records. This album peaked at #29 on the Billboard 200. The cover art is done by Robert Florczak.

The RIAA certified Sacred Heart Gold (500,000 units sold) on October 15, 1985. It was for a long time the last Dio album to receive this certification, until The Very Beast of Dio was certified gold on November 3, 2009.

The accompanying stageshow was a spectacle involving a mechanised dragon and laser effects, as captured on video (and later DVD reissue). Ronnie James Dio and his band referred to the dragon as Denzil (although originally it was called Dean)[3].

Sacred Heart is one of Dio's most well-known albums, including singles such as "Sacred Heart", "Rock 'n' Roll Children" and "Hungry for Heaven".

The inscription around the border of the cover is in Latin and reads FINIS PER SOMNIVM REPERIO TIBI SACRA COR VENEFICVS OSTIVM AVRVM. A possible rendering is Along the borders of dreams I found for you the sacred poisonous heart and golden door. More data useful for the interpretation could be contained within the lyrics to the song "Sacred Heart".

This was the last Dio album to include guitarist Vivian Campbell, who went on to join several other bands, most notably Def Leppard, Riverdogs, Whitesnake and Thin Lizzy. A rift occurred during the recording of this album between Dio and the guitarist - "for me, he (Viv) wasn't even there for this record." Fans of the band reacted with a drastic fading of interest, as sales for future Dio albums with various guitarists were very lackluster.

Hungry for Heaven appeared in the Vision Quest movie.

The album, along with Holy Diver and The Last in Line, will be released in a new 2 CD “Deluxe Edition” on March 19, 2012 through Universal for the world outside the U.S. 

Track Listing [320k MP3]

All lyrics written by Ronnie James Dio, music as stated

    "King of Rock and Roll" (Dio, Vivian Campbell, Jimmy Bain, Vinny Appice) – 3:49
    "Sacred Heart" (Dio, Campbell, Bain, Appice) – 6:27
    "Another Lie" (Dio) – 3:48
    "Rock 'n' Roll Children" (Dio) – 4:32
    "Hungry for Heaven" (Dio, Bain) – 4:10
    "Like the Beat of a Heart" (Dio, Bain) – 4:24
    "Just Another Day" (Dio, Campbell) – 3:23
    "Fallen Angels" (Dio, Campbell, Bain, Appice) – 3:57
    "Shoot, Shoot" (Dio, Campbell, Bain, Appice) – 4:20

2012 Deluxe Edition CD 2

01. 	"Hide in the Rainbow (Studio track)"   	 
02. 	"We Rock (Live B-Side from Rock N Roll Children Single)"   	 
03. 	"The Last in Line (Live B-Side from Rock N Roll Children Single)"   	 
04. 	"Like the Beat of a Heart (Live B-Side)"   	 
05. 	"King of Rock & Roll (Taken from Live Intermission EP)"   	 
06. 	"Rainbow in the Dark (Taken from Live Intermission EP)"   	 
07. 	"Sacred Heart (Taken from Live Intermission EP)"   	 
08. 	"Time to Burn (Studio Track taken from Intermission EP)"   	 
09. 	"Rock N Roll Children (Taken from Live Intermission EP)"   	 
10. 	"Long Live Rock N Roll (Taken from Live Intermission EP)"   	 
11. 	"Man on the Silver Mountain (Taken from Live Intermission EP)"   	 
12. 	"We Rock – Taken from Live Intermission EP"  