Classic Serial: Plantagenet Series 3



Series of plays by Mike Walker, inspired by Holinshed's Chronicles, chronicling the Plantagenet dynasty.

1/3. Henry V - True Believers



Young prince Hal will inherit an unstable throne, and a kingdom riven with heresy and rebellion. Victory over the rebel Hotspur, and then the French, will bring peace to England and glory to the king - but at what cost to the man?

Hal ...Luke Treadaway
Catherine...Lydia Leonard
Thomas of Earlham...James Lailey
Sir John Oldcastle...Nicky Henson
Henry IV...Paul Moriarty
Badby...Simon Bubb
Bradmore...Carl Prekopp
With Rikki Lawton, Gerard McDermott and Christopher Webster
Directed by Jeremy Mortimer and Sasha Yevtushenko

Luke Treadaway, Al Weaver and Carl Prekopp take the roles of Henry the Fifth, Henry the Sixth and Richard the Third in the conclusion to Mike Walker's dramatic chronicle of the Plantagenets. From the greatest glory of the line in the reign of Henry the fifth, to the brutal infighting of the Wars of the Roses, the series charts the ultimate end of the first great dynasty of English kings.

2/3. Henry VI - A Simple Man
The once-great England of Henry V is bankrupt and losing territory in France. The times call for a strong man who can unite the kingdom. Not the weak, idealistic Henry VI, pleading for peace and incapacitated by bouts of insanity. As the House of York grows in power, Queen Margaret is forced to take up arms to protect her royal line.

Henry VI... Al Weaver
Margaret...Aimee Ffion Edwards
York... Shaun Dooley
Cardinal Beaufort...Paul Moriarty
Warwick...Gerard McDermott
Somerset...Carl Prekopp
Edward of York...Simon Bubb
With Rikki Lawton, James Lailey and Christopher Webster
Directed by Jeremy Mortimer and Sasha Yevtushenko.

3/3. Richard III - The Three Brothers
Despite his rebellious brother Clarence, and the formidable dowager Queen Margaret, Edward IV manages to bring a modicum of stability to the kingdom of England. But discontent at the power of his wife and her family erupt into civil war after his death, and his brother Richard is forced to take increasingly drastic steps to uphold Plantagenet power.The final episode of the series.

Queen Elizabeth...Nancy Carroll
Edward 4th...Simon Bubb
Richard 3rd...Carl Prekopp
Clarence...Christopher Webster
Margaret...Aimee Ffion Edwards
Warwick...Gerard McDermott
Stafford...Adam Billington
Lewis...James Lailey
Bishop...Paul Moriarty
Directed by Jeremy Mortimer and Sasha Yevtushenko.

-------------------------File Information-----------------------------
Broadcast: BBC R4: 01, 08 & 15 Apr 2012
MPEG 1.0 Layer 3 - 128 kbps mp3 ΓÇô 44 khz - Joint Stereo
Duration: 174 Mins (58 mins each episode)
Captured with Radio Downloader, edited with mp3DirectCut