INSTALLATION:

READ CAREFULLY AND F0LLOW CAREFULLY


#1 UNRAR \"Two Worlds.7z\" with latest winrar -v.3.62 or above (or 7-zip)


#2 Double-click setup.reg in game folder to enter serial settings -MUST BE DONE-


#3 Run regsetup.exe in game folder and select \'change\' when prompted for install directory.    
   NOW, broswe, or type, the location of where you have placed the game.
   Select that folder as your install directory.
   
   Click next and finish install of registry keys. -thats it-
   
   If you fuck this up, go to add/remove programs uninstall the keys, try again.
   
hint: install location can not have odd symbols, like the ones that surround my nic [dopeman] these symbols can not be written to registry.

Place the game in your programs folder or make a gaming folder like c:\\gaming
or otherwise.

You will know you have done this successfully when you see the file \'Uninst.exe\'
in the game folder. It is created by the registry installer.

#4 install \"Two_Worlds_Update_1.0-1.7b.exe\"

#5 Extract Keygen in the patch folder

#6 enter serial, and chose activate by phone, enter activation code!

#7 copy \"regstat\" to game dir and run it to remove the registration crap under the menu

USING EXTRA BONUS CRAP (USE KEYGEN):
 -bonus items are spawned by opening the in-game console (~) and
  entering \'Bonuscode HERE-GOES-YOUR-CODE\' (followed by Enter)
              
 -the characteristics of generated bonus items differ although
  their names are identical
              
 -only one bonus item of each type (sword, bow, spear, armor, shield)
  may be spawned in a single game
              
 -if (after having successfully activated your copy) you get annoyed
  by the remaining product registration button below the main menu,
  you can use (double-click) the included regstat.reg or manually set
  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Reality Pump\\TwoWorlds\\SerialKey\\Registered
  to any non-zero value


****Notes from Original Relesase****

If game crashes after the first screen, make sure you install the physx drivers, 
vc++ runtimes, and the video codec, -Located in the 3 folderS attached to download.

BE SURE DIRECTX IS LATEST VERSION!
------------------------------------
------------------------------------
------------------------------------

Two Worlds is a role-playing video game developed by Polish video game developer Reality Pump and published by SouthPeak Interactive

GAMEPLAY
The game takes place in a real-time three-dimensional fantasy landscape. As such it has drawn comparison with The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion.
Much like in Oblivion and Gothic 3, the gameplay is non-linear. The player is free to explore the game world, accepting side quests at will. There is however, a core quest, centering around rescuing the protagonist\'s sister, who is being held for ransom by mysterious forces who are scheming to open the tomb of Aziraal, the god of fire.
The game does not utilize fixed character classes like other role-playing games. As the character gains experience and levels, it is possible to invest gained Attribute Points into any attribute, leading to a variety of game play styles and approaches.
The world in which the game takes place is called Antaloor. While traveling through the game the player will encounter new teleports, caves, villages, and other locations, and these travels are recorded by the in-game mini-map. Teleports allow rapid travel between explored regions. Horses are available for the player to ride as well as other animals/creatures, though a number of commentators have lamented the clumsy controls when mounted.
Death in the game leads to resurrection at a nearby shrine; these shrines are distributed across the game world, and also replenish health when the player comes in sufficient proximity.
There are various creatures in Two Worlds. Unlike other CRPGs with wilderness areas, enemies will not respawn, although most areas are densely populated.
Beyond the main quest there is no set storyline to follow, the player is free to choose to complete the quests of his/her liking, and explore at will. The player may choose to act as a righteous hero and be honored amongst the population, or devilishly evil and feared, through reputation gained by completing certain quests. However, the path chosen will have consequences on the outcome of the game.

ALCHEMY
Two Worlds has an alchemy system that allows the player to combine ingredients to make potions, weapon enhancements, traps, and bombs. Spending Skill Points on the Alchemy Skill or using more ingredients will result in more powerful potions. Ingredients can be found as plants in the wild, the body parts of animals and monsters that have been slain, and minerals and gems taken as loot or collected off the ground. Some potions can have permanent effects such as a boost to strength, health, dexterity, magic and etc.

FACTIONS
There are seven factions within the game for which the player can complete quests to gain reputation. These are the Brotherhood, the Society, the Merchants Guild, the Giriza, the Necromancers, the House Skelden, and the Karga Clan.

    The Brotherhood is a mercenary society, similar to Oblivion\'s Fighters\' Guild. In the main cities of the game their location can be identified by their signature red banners. Brotherhood locations in cities will usually have a trainer that offers to teach the various combat skills for a small fee, and Brotherhood shops will have the largest selections of weapons and armor. The higher the rep in the Brotherhood the cheaper it is to buy supplies.
    The Society is Two Worlds answer to the Guild of Mages seen in most RPGs. In the main cities their location can be identified by blue banners. The Society locations will usually have a trainer that offers to teach the various schools of magic for a small fee. Society shops will have robes, staves, and spells for sale.
    The Merchants Guild is a guild of traders and merchants. In the main cities their location can be identified by banners emblazoned with scales. The Merchant Guild shops offer a general assortment of goods. The higher the rep in the merchants guild the cheaper it is to buy supplies.
    The Giriza is the equivalent of the Thieves\' Guild. The members wear distinctive red hoods and the Giriza shops are a good source for lock picks and other thievery-related goods. Giriza trainers offer knowledge in the stealthy arts. The higher the rep the more you can sell your goods for.
    The Necromancers are the only source that will teach the ability to use the Necromancy School of Magic, but are generally shunned by polite society. The Society makes a point of stopping Necromancers from completing their goals.
    The House Skelden and the Karga Clan are two competing factions in the northern reaches of the human half of the world. The Karga Clan are the former ruling house that was supplanted by the King and Council with the House Skelden.

The player can choose to work with any faction to achieve specific goals in the main quest. As is typical for the genre, players generally earn reputation with a faction by completing appropriate quests.

REGRESSION
Should a player decide that they are unhappy with their ability and skill point distribution, there are NPCs called \"skill changers\" in some of the larger cities that offer a \"regression\", which allows redistribution of some skill points for a certain price. Some of the Skill changers can refund more points for a greater cost, depending on the character\'s level and amount of experience.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HELP ME SEED MY LOW-SEEDED TORRENTS SO I CAN UPLOAD MORE AND NOT WORRY ABOUT THE OLD ONES!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don\'t forget to snag a copy of my Land of the Dead torrent (you can play it online).


I HAVE A FEW ONLINE PLAYABLE TORRENTS SO FAR:
Land of the Dead
Postal 1 and Postal 2 Share The Pain (All Mods)
Sniper Elite
Serious Sam: The First and Second Encounter
Nexuiz
all doom, heretic sotsr, hexen + ddc, n similar stuff (52 games)    NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it\'s free, google it
Doom Collection (all the older doom games)  NOTE: This Requires a mod to play online (skulltag), it\'s free, google it
OTHERS CAN MOST LIKELY BE PLAYED VIA HAMACHI


DOWNLOAD ALL MY TORRENTS HERE:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/FuCtUpPuNk


