Helpless girl next door, denied sight, commanded, roughly deep throated, fucked, Cat 5 suspended. | Ashli Orion | Matt Williams
          
November 12, 2012

 
MP4 only.


Welcome back Ashli Orion back to Sexually Broken. This 
adorable girl next door has a sexy mouth and the most perfect 
ass. She loves to be sexually dominated hard, and she needs 
it. We start by removing Ashli's ability to see. The blindfold 
is impregnable. Her confidence is shaken from the start. She 
will be easy to control now. We make her take her chair to the 
back wall. She is clumsy, off balance, and scared. We grab her 
and she feels relief. She knows where we are, and she's not 
going to run into anything. 

Relief turns to nervousness as she is knocked to her knees and 
commanded to open her mouth. Nervousness turns to excitement. 
She knows a cock is going to tough her sexy lips any second, 
and she loves sucking cock. The cock doesn't touch her lips. 
It blows right past her lips and down the very back of her 
throat. Rough, hard, brutal, the cock blasts her mouth. Soon 
excitement turns to fear. She can't catch her breath. She is 
slowly being suffocated to death; never able to steal a full 
breath of air; the cock alway cutting off air, pushing deep 
down her throat. Dizziness hits. The cock is relentless. She 
slips into survival mode. All the deep spit and drool of the 
stomach dripping out of her mouth down her body. AIR!

He's gone, but soon comes back. Her arms get trapped behind 
her now, tightly bound. She tests the rope. She is completely 
helpless, and fear returns. Before, if she had to, she could 
use her arms to push off from the brutal face fucking. No 
longer. She understands for the first time how helpless she 
really is. The cock rams the back of her throat again. He is 
going to fuck her face and she can do nothing to stop it. She 
can only endure until he is finished. She reserves her self 
for to what is to come. Slow asphyxiation by skull fucking. 
His cock is big enough to prevent her from breathing, and he 
knows how to use it. 

When she thinks it will never stop, when she thinks the is 
going to pass out, enter the blackness, his cock pulls out and 
AIR hits her lungs. She shutters and almost orgasms from it. 
She is pulled to her feet, dizzy. The cock pushes into her 
pussy with one deep thrust and she is being fucked hard. She 
is made to cum in seconds, and she keeps cumming from the 
intense fucking. Back to her knees and the cock, again, deep 
all the way down her open throat. Another lesson, in survival, 
face fucked deep into subspace. The cock pulls out and a 
vibrater hits her pussy within seconds she is cumming again. 
What is wrong with her?! She has never cum so fast or so hard. 
Until today that is. He reads her, he plays her, and owns the 
dark part of her brain like no one before, she cums again. 

Made to stand, more rope. Pulled off the ground, still unable 
to see, floating, pain, helpless. When will he return, the 
body aches for more...

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_12ashli/SexuallyBroken-Ashli-Orion-Matt-Williams-Helpless-girl-next-door-denied-sight-commanded-roughly-deep-throated-fucked-Cat-5-suspended.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

