Starting the week of 12/12/2012 I will be posting the ongoing adventures in the Marvel NOW! storyline. Each week I will be posting the current week's Marvel NOW titles. 

Included in this pack will be all Marvel comics and  Marvel NOW comics.  What will NOT be included is Disney stuff, TV stuff, and the kids books. Those will be included (when available) in my Zero Day pack.

My release packs are as follows: 

DC Universe 52 (Wednesdays based on scanners release times, but not later than Friday morning)
Marvel NOW! (Marvel Comics in the NOW! universe will be released Wednesdays, based on scanners release times)
Total Marvel (All Marvel Universe comics, released on Thursday, based on scanners release times)
Zero Day (Marvel, DC and Independent comics, released between Saturday night and Sunday afternoon)
Independent Scanners (from scanners not affiliated with groups, released on Mondays)
DC Monthly (all DC Universe comics for the month, released the first Friday after the end of the month)
Total Marvel Monthly (all Marvel Universe comics, released the first Tuesday after the end of the month)


Avengers Arena #1 (CBR 12/12/12)

Trapped on an isolated island, 16 superhuman young adults (including cult faves like members of the Runaways, The Avengers Academy and Darkhawk) are given a chilling ultimatum by their demented captor: Fight or die! Only one will walk out alive! Thus begins a primal battle that will test the skills, stamina and morals of each combatant. Welcome to Murder World, where the secrets are plenty, alliances are fleeting, and the key to victory might be rewriting the rules of the game. Who will survive?
 
Avengers Assemble #10 (CBR 12/12/12)

Did you know that there's a theory that the bacteria in our bodies actually controls our moods and may even be responsible for elements of our personalities? TONY STARK and BRUCE BANNER did. What happens when a 20 million-year-old evolutionary catalyst infects a HULK? Could it be a cure?  Meanwhile, on the outside, CAPTAINS MARVEL AND AMERICA must find the missing scientist before he unleashes said bacteria on the world.
 
Cable And X-Force #1 (CBR 12/12/12)

Cable is back! NOW!  with a new X-Force at his side, he must tackle the threats that nobody else can know about. But just who are Cable's new recruits, and why is his team public enemy number one? Caught red-handed at the scene of a terrorist attack on a major American corporation whose CEO has expressed anti-mutant views, the X-Force is the run, with none other than the Uncanny Avengers in hot pursuit. 

Dark Avengers #184 (CBR 12/12/12)

What force on this planet - nay, this universe - can turn Earth's deadliest villains into into heroes?  Brought to you by the titanic team of Jeff Parker and Neil Edwards, this Winter - Evil is our only hope! 

Fantastic Four #2 (CBR 12/12/12)

The First Family leaves time and space! How long can Reed hide his motivations from his family? What undiscovered places, what amazing things, and what incredible people are out there waiting to meet the FANTASTIC FOUR? 

Iron Man #4 (CBR 12/12/12)

The new Iron Man heavy-duty battle-suit debuts. The least subtle Iron Man armor of all time! Tony's hunt for Extremis takes him to the ancient Catacombs of Paris where absolute horror awaits! Things man was not meant to know Vs. the man who wants to know everything. 

