Mixcraft 6.1 build 204

Mixcraft 6 is a powerful music production and multi-track recording workstation that comes packed with thousands of music loops and dozens of audio effects and virtual instruments. Mixcraft enables you to record audio, arrange loops, remix tracks, compose with MIDI and virtual instruments, add effects, score and edit video, and mix and master your tracks to create polished, professional compositions. Mixcraft is your music production dream come true, instantly turning your computer into a fully-stocked professional recording studio.

Features:

-Record and create an unlimited number of audio and MIDI tracks.
-Arrange and score video files, adding transitions, visual effects, music, sound effects, and voice-overs with ease.
-Includes over 6000 professionally produced music loops and sound effects in a wide variety of popular styles, from dubstep to folk rock.
-Includes 11 virtual instruments, ranging from modelled vintage synthesizers to high-quality sampled acoustic instruments, and an inspiring collection of studio-quality acoustic and electric drums.
-Includes 22 high quality effects, ranging from studio standards such as reverb,chorus and delay, to ultra-realistic guitar amp simulators, vintage tube EQ, vocal reduction, multi-band compression, and more.
-Powerful, professional features include ReWire hosting, multi-take loop recording, time stretching and pitch shifting, support for unlimited hardware inputs and outputs, support for multi-channel VSTis, and much more.

Loop and Sound Effects:

Mixcraft includes over 6000 music loops, sound effects, and music beds that can be easily drag-and-dropped into your project. Combine drum, bass, and guitar loops with synth, organ, pianos, vocals, orchestral and percussion loops to create your own custom arrangement. Set the tempo and key of your choice, and the loops will automatically adjust. Mixcraft supports Acid™ and Garage Band™ loops, too, and you can import your entire loop collection into Mixcraft’s loop library for easy access to your favorite sounds.

Virtual Instruments and Effects:

Mixcraft is like having a dream studio full of vintage keyboards right at your fingertips. Packed inside are fantastic emulations of the MiniMoog™, Prophet 5™, Rhodes™ and Wurlitzer™ electric pianos, the Hammond B-3™ organ with Leslie™ rotating speaker, and classic transistor organs by Vox™ and Farfisa™. Also included are a huge library of carefully samples orchestral instruments, drums, synthesizers, pianos, organs, guitar, bass, and much more, all mapped to the General MIDI specifications. Plus, the new Acoustica Studio Drums collection lets you get your hands on a fresh set of acoustic and electronic drum sounds, professionally recorded in a world class studio.

Mixcraft 6 includes 25 high quality effects, including the Pultronic Tube EQ, which models the classic tube equalizer found in studios throughout the world, and the Shred Amp Simulator, a complete suite of 5 classic amp heads, 17 cabinet models, and 6 powerful effects.

Mixcraft 6 is fully compatible with DirectX and VST effects, as well as VSTi instruments, so you can expand your studio with an endless variety of amazing third-party effects and instruments.

Video Scoring and Editing:

Mixcraft 6 is not only a powerful audio workstation – it’s a fantastic tool for scoring and editing video. Load and edit video files and still images with ease. Easily cross-fade from one video clip to another, add transitions, and other video effects. Create slideshows from your photo collection. Add titles and scrolling text. Remix the audio, add a soundtrack, and effortlessly render your video project to popular formats for creating your own DVDs or uploading to YouTube™ and other popular internet video sites.

System Requirements

CPU: 1 GHz CPU, 2 GB Ram 
Windows 7, Vista, and XP
Sound card, USB, or Firewire sound device
Mixcraft 6 can be used in multiple languages, including English, German, Norwegian, Portuguese, Russian, Danish, French, Spanish (Espanola), Dutch, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese.

Homepage: http://www.acoustica.com/mixcraft/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial and name to register.
3. Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.