FastFolders.4.4.0:
Thanx for FFF for the crack,
Scripted patch (.bat) by me{George}.

ScreenZ: 
http://www.desksoft.com/FastFolders_Screenshot.htm

Get best results:
READ CRACK Instructions carefully
To get to FastFolders options right click any folder, Or Start menu ==}select FastFolders
+Add ur favorite folders to FastFolders Favorites and arrange them.
+set option {starting point for start menu} to {My Computer}
+set option {position in contex menu} to {near mouse}

+Always support Good and hard working Companies.

Infos:
This system extension increases your productivity dramatically by giving you quick and easy access to folder contents and files. Without opening each and every folder, you can browse the directory structure starting at any point by clicking the right mouse button on a file, folder or drive. The program adds a menu item to the context menus of shell objects, which displays the directory structure on demand. If you drag and drop an object on a folder or drive using the right mouse button, you can copy or move the object(s) to any folder of your computer by selecting it from the FastFolders menu. FastFolders also adds a new column to the "Details" view of Explorer windows, which shows the total size of folders including their subfolders and files. This is extremely useful for getting an overview of the distribution of your files and the disk space they occupy.

Key Features

    Modifies the context menu of folders and files, adding a menu item which displays the directory structure on demand
    All shell objects can be browsed (including My Computer, Control Panel, Network Neighborhood, etc.)
    Right-button Drag & Drop: If you drag and drop an object on a folder or drive using the right mouse button, you can copy or move the object(s) to any folder of your computer by selecting it from the FastFolders menu
    Large directories can be split up into multiple columns for easy access
    In addition to folders, any file types can be included in the directory structure, to give you fast access to these files
    Adjustable menu speed and many other options to customize the product
    Adds a column to the "Details" view of Explorer windows, which shows the total size of folders (Windows ME, 2000, XP or higher)
    Pressing "C" on an item will copy a list of contents of this item to the clipboard (like a directory listing). "SHIFT+C" includes file size information
    Pressing "CTRL" when clicking a FastFolders item keeps the FastFolders menu open
    Pressing "SHIFT" when clicking a FastFolders item will open it in an explorer instead of a normal window
    Now with full Windows 7 and 64 bit support!

System requirements

Supported operating systems:

    Windows XP
    Windows XP x64
    Windows Vista
    Windows Vista x64
    Windows 7
    Windows 7 x64
    Windows Server 2003
    Windows Server 2003 x64
    Windows Server 2008
    Windows Server 2008 x64
