This book is intended to serve as a reference work for trained »K-Tapers« and a useful everyday tool for practitioners. It includes a variety of indications for treatment, and is full of information and advice based on over 12 years of experience. K-Taping can support an extraordinarily wide range of therapies and represents an effective tool for every physical therapist and doctor who knows the method. Practitioners do not need to employ medicines or other pharmaceutical agents: simply applying the correct technique in conjunction with the appropriate K-Tape produces optimal results. Over the last twelve years K-Taping – based in the German K-Taping Academy – has established itself in nearly 40 countries and has become a standard component of physiotherapy treatment. Though K-Taping has developed considerably in that time and the K-Taping Academy has conducted successful studies with partners including the research division of Charité Berlin, many aspects of the method present vital prospects for continuing research and experimentation.
K-Taping is hardly a passing trend in the field of professional medical training, but instead has rightfully achieved a solid international standing in the field on the basis of the K-Taping Academy’s years of hard work and professional research. This internationally recognized status is also the product of the uniform and well-founded training program offered by the Academy worldwide and held in the respective home languages. As a result the K-Taping approach and the Academy’s training have not only been recognized in Germany, Austria and Switzerland for several years, but the Academy has also been accredited by professional associations in Australia, France (SFMKS), Croatia and Canada, and by the Board of Certification (BOC) in the USA. Participants receive continuing education points for their training and in many cases it is also possible to receive state
educational funding (e.g. educational »checks« and vouchers (Bildungsschecks and Bildungsgutscheine))or support through other programs.