Sony Movie Studio Platinum Suite v12.0 build 333 x32
MPT | Oct 25 2012 | 482 MB



Complete audio and video production suite

Create movies in stunning AVCHD™ and stereoscopic 3D. Edit audio in Sound Forge Audio Studio, upload movies to Pixelcast™, and burn them to DVD or Blu-ray Disc™ — all with Movie Studio Platinum Suite! With innovative and powerful features for video compositing, color correction, and animated titling, professional-grade results are easier to achieve than ever. Use the surround sound mixing tools to create 5.1 soundtracks. Add style with the NewBlueFX 3D Titling and Video Effects. Complement your film with 50 Sony Sound Series: Production Music soundtracks. When you're ready, upload completed projects to your free Pixelcast Plus* account and invite others to collaborate!


Movie Studio Platinum 12

Tell your story any way you want. Edit video in nearly any format, including stereoscopic 3D. Stylize your movies with high-quality video effects, transitions, titles, and filters. Fix washed-out footage or make colors pop with color-correction tools. Share your movies on Pixelcast™ without ever leaving the application! Collaborate on a fun and unique experience with friends and have them upload their movies and photos too. The choice is yours and, with Movie Studio Platinum, the possibilities are endless.


DVD Architect Studio 5

Produce picture slideshows, single-movie DVDs, music compilations, and menu-based DVD and Blu-ray Disc™ projects in no time. Choose from dozens of ready-made templates or create your own custom backgrounds and buttons. You can also add a menu and scene-selection menu to any title.


Sound Forge Audio Studio 10

Sound Forge™ Audio Studio is the easiest way to work with music and sound on your home computer. Record almost anything. Give your tracks presence and sparkle. Digitize rare LP records and tapes, create your own karaoke tracks, burn CDs, and generate files for the Web and all your favorite portable players.


more here --> http://www.sonycreativesoftware.com/moviestudiopp


Minimum system requirements

    Microsoft® Windows Vista® 32-bit or 64-bit SP2 or Windows 7 32-bit or 64-bit
    2 GHz processor (multicore or multiprocessor CPU recommended for HD or stereoscopic 3D)
    500 MB hard-disk space for program installation
    2 GB RAM (4 GB recommended)
    IEEE-1394DV card (for DV capture and print-to-tape)
    USB 2.0 connection (for importing from AVCHD, XDCAM EX, NXCAM, or DVD camcorders)
    512 MB GPU memory
    Supported NVIDIA or AMD GPU:


    NVIDIA

    Requires a CUDA-enabled GPU and driver 270.xx or later.
        GeForce GPUs: GeForce GTX 4xx Series or higher (or GeForce GT 2xx Series or higher with driver 285.62 or later).
        Quadro GPUs: Quadro 600 or higher (or Quadro FX 1700 or higher with driver 285.62 or later).

    NVIDIA recommends NVIDIA Quadro for professional applications and recommends use of the latest boards based on the Fermi architecture.


    AMD/ATI

    Requires an OpenCL-enabled GPU and Catalyst driver 11.7 or later with a Radeon HD 57xx or higher GPU. If using a FirePro GPU, FirePro unified driver 8.85 or later is required.
    Windows-compatible sound card
    DVD-ROM drive (for installation from a DVD only)
    Supported CD-recordable drive (for CD burning only)
    Supported DVD-R/-RW/+R/+RW (for DVD burning only)
    Supported BD-R/-RE drive (for Blu-ray Disc™ burning only)
    Microsoft .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 (included on application disc)
    Apple® QuickTime® 7.1.6 or later for reading and writing QuickTime files



INSTALLATION:

• You need WinRar or other extractor of your choice to extract the rar file

• Install the program in the default directory

• Use the activator to register (left-click on the Jaguar head)
  Use also wih admin rights


         •  That's it! Done.


                    3Nj0Y!!!