Should there be an increased emphasis on applied sociology 
in the discipline? What are the implications for conventional undergraduate and graduate training of developing applied sociology 
programs? Will the growth of applied sociology seriously hinder 
theory building and basic research? What does sociology have to 
offer persons interested in nonacademic careers? Are ample and diverse positions really available for sociologists outside academia? 
Will sociology lose its respectability within the university if it encourages applied work? To what extent must applied sociologists 
compromise personal values? Can applied sociologists really help 
the groups and organizations that employ them successfully achieve 
their goals? 
These and similar questions have been argued persistently in 
the published literature, at national and regional conventions, in 
graduate and undergraduate seminars, and in nearly every setting 
in which sociologists convene to discuss informally their discipline 
and careers. But interest in applied sociology in the 1980s represents more than just a continuation of the arguments and soul 
searching of the past. Rather, because sociology approaches maturity at a time when academic employment opportunities, basic research support, and public appreciation for the enterprise are declining, the discipline is confronted with answering for itself the 
question of its future robustness, if not its viability. 
For a significant number in the discipline, developing applied sociology programs and fostering nonacademic work opportunities offer the only sensible solution to present and projected 
declines in recruits, resources, and recognition. These advocates 
represent an unusual alliance: some are scholars of distinction 
whose contributions have received extensive peer recognition; 
some are long-time workers in the field of applied sociology; others are "born-again" applied sociologists whose conversions are 
comparatively recent; and still others are part of the growing contingent of relatively young sociologists who see their futures tied 
to the growth of applied sociology. All are represented among the 
authors of chapters in this book.