#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	01-02-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	M.J. Miike, Stephen S. Mehler

Student of ancient Greek and classical literature, M.J. Miike began to research the mythology of cryptids, such as Bigfoot and the Chupacabras and discovered a scientific basis for their actual existence. He discussed the various theories both mythical and scientific explaining homonid cryptids which have been detailed in literature throughout the ages, and may actually exist today. He posited that Bigfoot is actually a subspecies of homo sapiens, that split off genetically early on. He refers to these hair-covered cryptids such as Yeti and Bigfoot as "homo hirsutus."

A key element of his hypothesis is that Bigfoot evolved to avoid contact with humans as a means of survival. "If you look at every other species in the genus homo [such as Neanderthal], none of them survived into the modern era," he noted. He further characterized Bigfoot as "hominid extremophiles" who have high intelligence, and exploit ecological niches, such as wilderness areas that humans haven't encroached upon. His novel, Bigfoot vs. Chupacabra, which is written from the point of view a Yeti, explores the idea of resources becoming scarcer.

Intriguingly, he reported that a Yeti Sanctuary exists in Bhutan (a country in the Himalayas near Nepal). While the creatures haven't specifically been spotted there, the Bhutanese definitely believe in them, he said. Miike also shared his theories about the chupacabras (the goat sucker), suggesting they may live in swarms together for protection, and are likely mammalian rather than reptilian in nature. For more, see his posting on the Fuzzy Chupacabras Hypothesis.
Egypt Update

First hour guest, archaeologist and researcher Stephen Mehler talked about ancient Egyptian mysteries, as well as the current political situation there. Interestingly, he noted that south of the Giza pyramids, there are remnants of other pyramids, and "only about 18% of what's under the sand of Egypt has been uncovered." Mehler, who will be one of the hosts of an Egypt tour in April (PDF file), believes the ancient Egyptians built the pyramids using a science of acoustics that enabled an anti-gravity field.

News segment guests: Jerome Corsi, Christian Wilde
Website(s):

    homohirsutus.com
    khemitology.com

Book(s):

    Bigfoot vs. Chupacabra
    The Land of Osiris
    From Light Into Darkness

