  http://www.scenespeeds.com/





Plot: The story unfolds in Atlanta, Georgia, as Cyrus DeBarge, who is a pastors’s son, and his best friend Kris McDuffy reunite with their childhood friend, teenage singing sensation Roxanne “Roxie” Andrews, whose music label is sponsoring a songwriting contest at a teen club. Cyrus, a busboy and Youth Choir director who writes music under the name “Truth,” crafts a heartfelt and contest-winning rhyme about Roxie but to his dismay, his work is mistakenly attributed to Kris. Lacking the confidence to step forward, Cyrus stands by while Kris not only takes credit for the lyrics but ultimately begins to win Roxanne’s heart too. Now, it’s up to the true poet to overcome self-doubt, seize the opportunity to reveal his authentic self and pursue his dreams. All the while, Cyrus must convince his preacher father that hip-hop music can have a positive message. Cyrus and Roxy get to know each other and Roxy says she can talk to him better than she can talk to Kris. Eventually, Cyrus’ father comes to accept and support him after reading his lyrics and he reveals he is “Truth” through a song and wins the Grand Slam rapping finals, beating Da Bling while revealing to the whole audience that Da Bling wasn’t rich like everyone thought, since he saw him working as a taxi driver. However, after learning Cyrus is “Truth”, Roxy is angry she was played, so angry that she slaps him and tells him to stay out of her life. Kris eventually tells Roxy that Cyrus is a good person and only pretended he wasn’t “Truth” for Kris, and they didn’t try to hurt Roxy; he also says Cyrus is real and that’s who she needs to be with. Roxy then goes to church and hugs Cyrus and they become a couple. They sing “Let it Shine” and the film ends. 

Genre: Family 
IMDB Rating: 5.9/10 
Directed by: Paul Hoen 
Starring: Tyler James Williams, Coco Jones and Trevor Jackson 

Release Name: Disney.Let.It.Shine.2012.TVRiP.XViD-WOW 
Size: 700MB 
Video: XviD, 624×352, 822 Kbps, 29.970 fps 
Audio: English, MP3, 128kbps 
Runtime: 1h 41mn



  http://www.scenespeeds.com/