Title: Ramya Weds Geetha

Cast: Srinagara Kitty, Ramya, Suhasini Manirathnam, Sharan, Umasri, Jai Jagdish, 

Sharat Lohitashva, Avinash, Rangayana Raghu, Bullet Prakash, Harish Roy, Tabala 
Naani, Sadhu Kokila and others

Cinematography: Satya Hegde

Music: Jaasie Gift

Producers: Pramod Narayan and Murali Mohan

Story Screenplay and Direction: Nagashekhar


Story:
It is a tragic story in ‘Sanju Weds Geetha’. The sordid tale gives a clue in the beginning itself and in the end it is ‘Sanju Weds Geetha’ in Heaven!

In the cool, rainy, hilly region of Virajpet Sanju (Srinagara Kitty) is bowled by the beauty of Geetha (Ramya). Sanju is an aspirant to get a job in United State of America. He has come on a holiday to live with his mother. After perfectly measured sentence ‘I will find whatever you lose in life’ changes the whole attitude of Geetha. The height of love reached a high point and becomes more respectable when Geetha narrate her childhood traumatic incident. Sanju loves Geetha immensely from this point of time. The childhood friend now causes a great worry when the marriage is set. In the rainy morning Sanju waiting at the temple with Mangalasutra but Geetha never turns up. He goes on his bike to trace Geetha and the childhood friend is the tormentor of Geetha who blocks her in the middle and draws her to a place. As expected Sanju enters the scene the bloody fight now results finally in Sanju killing the tormentor (played by Arun Sagar).

Geetha is hospitalized and Sanju is sentenced to imprisonment. In the memory of Geetha one day falls from a height and loses her memory. But before this in a meeting Sanju in the prison advices Geetha to get marry. The forced marriage and pregnancy after that for Geetha is shown as mad.

On the other hand the jail break for Sanju only results in severe bullet hits. At the place where Sanju lived in the jail after delivery of a child Geetha dies and even the baby.

The body of Sanju and Geetha travel in one ambulance to the graveyard.
                        
                        PLEASE SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING

                         2RRENT PRESENTED 2 U BY _cVm_