  
   Growlanser 4: Wayfarer of Time USA UNDUB 1.01 (c) ATLUS
                 hacked by somebody special
  
                    --  Information  --
  
  Origin:   USA+Japan                UMD(S):   1
  Released: August 4th, 20112        Format:   ISO
  Platform: PSP                      Files:    22 * 50MB 
  
                    --  Description  --
  
  Here's a real treat for those of you who love Growlanser.  
  This "UNDUB" has the USA english text with the complete set
  of Japanese voices restored.
  
  Enjoy this excellent game the way it was meant to be played!
  
                    -- Release Notes --
  
  ("UNDUB? What dub?", you ask?
   I created this word, I'm allowed to use it how I want. ;)
  
  Growlanser 4 has been a favorite of mine for many years; it
  was always sad that western fans didn't know what they were
  missing.  But now this great game finally has a chance to
  shine in English ...
  
  ... and they castrated it by completely removing all of the
      excellent voice work, leaving it a lame mute husk.
  
      Seriously, fuck you ATLUS.
  
  Fixing their hatchet job was fairly involved.  I ended up
  writing special code analysis tools to help identify what
  they took out so I could patch voice support back in.
  
  That was painful enough, but the English scripts also have
  voice commands stripped.  Parsing the ugly script format to
  import all the references was not much fun.
  
  It was tricky matching up the English and Japanese dialog
  structure automatically, but I think it's done pretty well.
  I only tweaked about a hundred of them manually.
  
  Note that the original Japanese game is very inconsistent
  about where it has voices.  Any unvoiced lines are probably
  not my fault.
  
  Overall, this was a complicated series of risky changes so
  be glad that I am both awesome and love this game.
  (... and hopefully I didn't break anything)
  
  As a bonus, I also patched back in the logic to alternate
  between two opening
  
  There are a handful of short cutscenes with dialog and no
  subtitles.  Live with it; the video quality is bad enough
  without nasty re-encoding. 
  
  tl;dr, Event, battle, movie and familiar chatter voices are
         completely restored!  Enjoy.
  
  Tested on a PSP Slim TA-85v2 with CFW 5.50 GEN-D3.  ISO is
  patched with Prometheus SRW_Z.  Use the included patch to
  revert to vanilla if desired.
  
  Hackers/coders want to contact me?  Look for a fluffy kitty.
  
                     -- Update 1.01 --
   
  Well that was fast.   I noticed that if you use the config
  menu all voices would end up turned off permanently.  This
  patch fixes the issue even if you have previously done so.
  
                   *** USA PUBLISHERS ***
  
  Do it right or die in a fire, assholes.  We're sick of you
  ruining great games.
