Glary Utilities Pro

Powerful and Top all-in-one utility to fix, speed up, maintain and protect your PC

Automatic care in background.
Optimize, clean and boost the speed of your Windows
Protect your privacy and security.
Block spyware, trojans, adware, etc.
Fix certain application errors.
Simple, fast and User friendly interface.
Much more powerful utilities.

Glary Utilities Pro is an one-stop-shop system optimizer that offers numerous powerful and easy-to-use tools to fix registry errors, clean up computer, speed up and improve system performance.
Glary Utilities Pro is overall system optimizer that provides registry cleaner, disk cleaner, memory optimizer, startup manager, tracks eraser, file undelete, file encrypter and many other practical tools. Its outstanding registry tool is the safest and most efficient one in the market to clean registry and fix registry errors. It does disk cleanup quickly to free up more space by removing invalid registry entries, temporary files, Internet traces. Glary Utilities Pro can easily delete browser add-ons to accelerate Internet speed, analyze disk space usage and find out duplicate files for better file management. Its uninstaller and startup manager lets you intuitively view the installed programs and running processes. File encryption is also supported by this system utility and it can stop your files from unauthorized access. To improve working efficiency, Glary Utilities Pro can split large files into smaller manageable parts and then rejoin them, so as to make it easy to transfer large files by email or on-line communication tools. Furthermore, Glary Utilities Pro includes the options to manage auto-start applications at Windows boot and uninstall software complete in batch without leaving any remnants to burden your system. Other features include file shredder which makes deleted files unrecoverable by malicious person or virus.
All Glary Utilities Pro tools can be accessed through an eye-pleasing and totally simplistic interface. The following is a brief introduction to main functions of this one-stop-shop system optimizer:

Supported OS:

Designed for Windows 8, 7, 2000, XP, and Vista. 32/64bit version.

Homepage: http://www.glarysoft.com/glary-utilities-pro/

Installation Instructions:

- Install Program.
- Use given name and key to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.