
Tipard Video Downloader 3.1.16 | 9.71 MB

Tipard Studio newly released a fantastic video downloader - Tipard Video Downloader, which can assist you to download any streaming video and online TV show with amazing speed. Plus, this powerful Video Downloader can detect and download streaming video automatically. What's more, it can convert the downloaded video and local video to whatever video formats as you like. In a word, this powerful Video Downloader can help you enjoy the streaming video with your iPhone, iPad, BlackBerry, etc.

FEATURES:
- Download streaming video
- Supported protocols: RTMP, HTTP, RTSP, MMS, etc.
- Convert downloaded and local video
- Preview the video with the built-in player

Record streaming video
This powerful Video Downloader supports most protocols, such as RTMP, HTTP, RTSP, MMS, etc. Then you can download any streaming video from YouTube, Yahoo, Google, MySpace, CNN, PBS, Metacafe, ABC, ESPN, etc.

Batch downloading
Tipard Video Downloader allows you to batches download online videos at a time. And it can save you much time.

Play the IE cache video
This Video Downloader can help you find the video from your IE cache and play it for you. Also it can export these videos from the cache.

Convert downloaded video
This Video Downloader can automatically add the recorded video to the Video Converter Tool to be converted. Also you can set this Video Downloader to automatically start conversion after added.

Convert local video
With this Video Downloader, you can load the local video and convert it to any video as you like.

Adjust video settings
Tipard Video Downloader enables you to adjust Video Encoder, Resolution, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate and the Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bitrate. Also you are allowed to input your own solution.

Detect the streaming video automatically
Just play the video you want to download and this Video Downloader will download automatically. 

Useful video player
The built-in player can help you view the video. Also it enables you to capture your favorite frame and save it as an image.

User-friendly interface
Tipard Video Downloader owns an intuitive interface, which can simply the operation much.
