The Cleveland 20's & 30's Meetup Group Greatest Hits II: Do Something Crazy! is a custom music compilation release from Tootie. It is Tootie's official sequel to his preceding Cleveland 20's & 30's Meetup Greatest Hits (...or not) compilation release. The compilation mostly features songs well-known to the Cleveland 20's & 30's Meetup Group, songs heard during meetups of the group that occurred before production started, as well as the theme for the then-upcoming Adult Prom Night.

The compilation is completely sourced from lossless material. All of the compilations' songs utilize playback gain values from Tootie's personal volume-leveling procedure, resulting in a consistent overall listening experience without the need to adjust the volume between songs.


    The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling
    Daft Punk - Around the World
    009 Sound System - Dreamscape
    Darude - Sandstorm
    Far East Movement - Like a G6
    The Lonely Island - Jizz in My Pants
    Miss Kittin - 1000 Dreams
    Lady Gaga - Monster (Tootie Uncensored Remaster)
    The Big Tymers - Get Your Roll On
    Ginuwine - Pony
    Britney Spears - 3
    Prince - Let's Go Crazy
    Buckcherry - Crazy Bitch
    Green Jellÿ - Three Little Pigs
    Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit
    Aerosmith - Love in an Elevator
    Twisted Sister - We're Not Gonna Take It
    Republica - Ready to Go
    AC/DC - Thunderstruck
    Journey - Don't Stop Believin'
    Joe 'Bean' Esposito - You're the Best Around
    Bryan Adams - I Do It For You
    Incubus - Drive

Details:
Format: FLAC (24-bit)
Length: Precisely 1 hour, 40 minutes
Average bitrate: 1,603 kbps
Embedded CUE Sheet

Playback verified with foobar2000.


Notes:
The audio quality gain from mixing to 24-bits over 16-bits is fairly marginal. However, it restores some of the definition lost from mixing to 16-bits, especially on tracks that were mastered very loud.
The use of the tracks in the compilation independently is not recommended as most tracks are intermixed in some way. Many are shortened.