    groov[e]mission
presents a 2012 release

VA - Cosmik Chill Yellow

Artist ....... VA
Genre ........ Ambient
Source ....... CDDA
Type ......... Compilation
Label ........ Electrik Dream
Catalog Nr. .. ED010
Release Date . Dec-19-2012
Tracks ....... 01
Length ....... 76:52 min
Bitrate ...... avg. 247kbps
Samplingrate . 44,1kHz
Mode ......... Joint-Stereo
Size ......... 136,1 MB
All our releases  are encoded  with
  LAME v3.98.4 -V0 (WEB may vary)

Rls Notes

Tuning up the individual spirit also tunes up the
universe. We are not humans having spiritual
experiences we are spiritual beings having human
experiences.Cosmik Chill ôYellowö is a project
including several artists from all around the
planet sharing a beautiful experience. After Red
and Orange we are happy and proud to present you
ôYellowö. Cosmik chill concept is a series of
seven cds. Each of them will be dedicated to one
colour of the rainbow. Seven colours align with
the Seven main Chakras, as the Seven keys of
music link us to the harmonic Universe !!! Stay
tuned to the symphony of life`s orchestra by
listening to Yellow !!!

This 3rd chapter starts with a track of Disham as
an intro, it is a prayer to connect with your
inner voices vocal by Milena Sergueeva.Then we
start travelling with the beautifull track of I
awake guitar from Hjalmar Leissner, Vocals
Mahan.To go further in the deep spiritual and
celestial ambient we are happy to offer you the
sound of Moshic.Being followed by our portuguese
friend Zen Baboon with a fantastic track, deep
and some jazzy influences.Next artist featured is
Kliment as he produces for us a really psychedlik
chill masterpiece here  To be followed by Uasca
where the two friends drive us to Amazon shipibo
ceremony as a tribute to ancient knowledge and
cultures. Continuing with a sonic masterpiece
from Aes Dana bringing the fat groove and some
wonderfull hypnotic melody .Keep on rising the
beats of this V/A with an excellent dancing
uptempo tunes from Hol Baumann.And to close the
journey we did asked to our special friend Nick
Tripswitch to bring this project to another
level.

link: www.electrikdream.com

Tracks

#   track                             length

VA - Cosmik Chill Yellow

01  Disham - Listen To Your Inner
    Voices
02  Moshic - My Life Is For You
03  I Awake feat. Planet Boelex -
    Underdoze
04  Zen Baboon - Bencalado
05  Kliment - Soundscape Odissey
06  Uasca - Revelation 999
07  Aes Dana - Resin (Overspring Edit)
08  Hol Baumann - Red Flower
09  Tripswitch - Spiral
