Harold Lloyd Collection (9 Discs) FULL DVD5 (ISO)

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD. You can even unzip it with WinZip or WinRAR to unpack it to the original VOBs.

This rip is a (DVD-5)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you may need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.


1923-1927
Black & White
1.33:1
Spoken Language: Silent
Some Commentaries
NTSC

The Harold Lloyd Comedy Collection: Vol. 1 - 3 discs

Comic genius of the silent screen Harold Lloyd stars in this collection of eight short and feature-length classics that includes Girl Shy (1924), in which gawky Harold surprises everyone when he writes a love manual and woos a lovely lass. In The Milky Way (1936), a mild-mannered milkman becomes a boxing champ. And in the famous Safety Last (1923), a green country boy takes on the big city by scaling a skyscraper.

The Harold Lloyd Comedy Collection: Vol. 2 - 3 discs

Comic genius of the silent screen Harold Lloyd stars in this collection of nine short and feature-length classics, including The Kid Brother (1927), in which skinny runt Lloyd battles a carnival strongman. The Freshman (1925) -- one of Lloyd's acknowledged masterpieces -- sees the scrawny comedian headed to college and trying out for football. And in the talkie Feet First (1930), the funnyman plays a shoe clerk who pretends to be a millionaire.

The Harold Lloyd Comedy Collection: Vol. 3 - 3 discs

Comic genius Harold Lloyd stars in this collection of 11 short and feature-length classics. The comedy king plays a baseball fanatic his last silent feature, Speedy (1928), which includes vintage footage of Manhattan and a cameo by Babe Ruth. In his most popular talkie, Movie Crazy (1932), Lloyd plays a Kansas boy who heads to Hollywood, dreaming of stardom. And in For Heaven's Sake (1926), the bespectacled actor falls for a minister's daughter.

