                       

                      PART  434



            EDDIE COCHRAN  -  C'mon Everybody  (1958)  
            BEE GEES  -  Please, Please Me (1963)
            THE BEATLES  -  Money (That's What I Want)  (1963)
            THE BEATLES  - I'll Get You  (1963)
            THE BEATLES  - It Won't Be Long  (1964)
            THE KNICKERBOCKERS  -  Lies (1965) (VOB)



      Money (That's What I Want)" is a 1959 hit single by Barrett Strong for the Tamla label. The song was written by Tamla founder Berry Gordy and Janie Bradford, and became the first hit record for Gordy's Motown enterprise.The single became Motown's first hit in June 1960, making it to #2 on the US R&B chart and #23 on the US pop chart. The song was listed as #288 on Rolling Stone's "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time."  The Beatles recorded "Money (That's What I Want)"  on July 18, 1963. A series of piano overdubs was later added by producer George Martin. The song was released in November 1963 as the final track on their second United Kingdom album, "With the Beatles".    
      "I'll Get You" is a song written by LennonΓÇôMcCartney and released by The Beatles as the B-side of their 1963 single "She Loves You". The song was initially titled "Get You in the End".The song was also released in the US on 10 April 1964 on the Capitol Records album "The Beatles' Second Album"
      "It Won't Be Long" is the opening track on "With The Beatles", The Beatles' second UK album, and was the first original song recorded for it. Although credited to LennonΓÇôMcCartney, it was primarily a John Lennon composition, with Paul McCartney assisting with the lyrics and arrangement.The song was never performed live or at any of the group's BBC sessions, although they did lip-synch to the track on an edition of Ready Steady Go! in March 1964.
     The Knickerbockers were an American pop/rock music group, best remembered for their 1965 Beatles sound alike hit single, "Lies." Somewhat ironically, the song is most famous today for being blatantly derivative of contemporary songs by The Beatles, due to Randell's lead vocal sounding uncannily similar to John Lennon, as well as the vocal whoops before the guitar solo and later in the song, which were very reminiscent of Paul McCartney. Allmusic remarks that the song is "justly regarded as the most accurate early-Beatles imitation."  Some listeners, unaware of its true source, mistake it for being a "lost" Beatles track.