Flash Decompiler Trillix

Flash Decompiler Trillix is a feature rich and powerful SWF to FLA converter, which will help you decompile Flash movies, convert SWF elements into multiple formats and edit SWF files (texts, hyperlinks and more) on the go without Adobe Flash installed. Since version 4.X you can also convert Flex files back into Flex projects in case your SWF files were built in Flex! 

Moreover, you will be able to extract all elements from SWF files and save them to your hard drive in various formats.

And last, but not least, is that Flash Decompiler supports batch conversion mode. You can simply leave several files to be converted and go have a cup of coffee while Flash Decompiler is working. 

Flash Decompiler doesn't decompile Captivate projectors (EXE), projectors created outside of Adobe Flash.

With Flash Decompiler you can:

Convert SWF to FLA or Flex source code
Did you lose your original FLAs or Flex project files? Did your computer crash? Actually, it doesn't matter where your original FLAs now, but it is a great problem if you don't have them. Actually, the solution is right in front of you. Flash Decompiler by Eltima is able to restore your original source code FLA or Flex so you can edit and alter them in any way you want in the native Flash environment.

Edit SWF files
Unique Edit SWF capabilities of Flash Decompiler let you edit existing sounds, images, colors, gradients, lines, texts and static links even without conversion to FLA or Flex source format. A built-in explorer makes browsing your PC for Flash movies and adding them even for batch decompilation and conversion extremely simple. Intellectual item-by-item preview, user-friendly controls with fully-customizable interface make Flash Decompiler a feature-rich user-friendly environment for professional work.

Extract SWF elements
With Flash Decompiler you can easily export SWF elements to your hard drive: Flash Video to AVI, MPEG, FLV and FLA, save sounds as WAV or MP3, images - as PNG, JPEG and BMP, texts as RTF, TXT and HTML. Flash Decompiler Trillix lets you convert the whole SWF file into FLA, or export certain Flash resources into FLA format. Flash Player EXE files are decompiled the same easy way as common SWF files. 

PLUS! Capture SWF movies from the Internet with Flash Decompiler! Now Flash Decompiler also features 2 web plug-ins for Internet Explorer and FireFox to save Flash movies online.

Full features list:

Full support of Flash 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, Flash CS5 and CS5.5 including AS 2.0 and 3.0
Support of Adobe Flash Professional CS6
Extract all Flash file resources into various formats
Support of SWF files built in Flex (v3 and v4 supported)
Extract Flash video into AVI, MPEG and other playable formats
Flash files conversion into Adobe Flash CS5 file format (.xfl - XML-based FLA)
Basic conversion of SWF files with a standard Flash preloader (e.g. files with TLF texts)
Basic decompilation of Adobe AIR applications
Batch decompilation and conversion of Flash movies
Edit more Flash objects now without converting to FLA: images, texts, static links, sounds, colors and lines
Support of SWF files embedded into a SWF file as binary data (nested SWF files)
New scalable shining interface with ribbon bar
Advanced built-in Flash player to preview and playback your Flash movies
P-code and common ActionScript representation. Also Hex dump view (currently not in AS 3.0)
Detailed configuration of SWF to FLA conversion (motion tweens, library, FLA format, AS and other settings)
Take screenshots of Flash file played
Unique global ActionScripts search in all tasks simultaneously
Multi-window interface with a possibility to work with and compare several SWF files at a time
Simple and effective adding of multiple files or folders to the Tasks list
Easily change the background color of any SWF file
Detailed tag information panel
Dump View, which shows the detailed tag structure of a SWF file
Save Flash Movie in Internet Explorer and FireFox plug-ins are supplied for simple saving of SWF movies online
The software is digitally signed to verify Eltima quality and software authenticity
Many other convenient features for professional Flash decompilation

Supported OS:

Windows XP 32-bit, Windows XP 64-bit, Windows 2003 32-bit, Windows 2003 64-bit, Windows 2008 32-bit, Windows 2008 64-bit
Windows Vista 32-bit, Windows Vista 64-bit, Windows 7 32-bit, Windows 7 64-bit, Windows 8 32-bit, Windows 8 64-bit, Windows server 2012

Homepage: http://www.eltima.com/products/flashdecompiler/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.
