(Ripped to perfect flac with EAC, transcoded with dBPoweramp)
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/eagles-live-eagles/87809
  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eagles_Live

All Music Guide - William Ruhlmann
Although Eagles Live includes four tracks recorded in the fall of 1976, the bulk of the album comes from the end of the Eagles' 1980 tour, and it reflects their late concert repertoire, largely drawn from Hotel California and The Long Run. The occasional early song such as "Desperado" and "Take It Easy" turn up, as do selections from Joe Walsh's solo career, "Life's Been Good" and "All Night Long." Walsh introduces some live variations to his material; the rest of the Eagles seem determined to re-create the studio versions of their songs in concert. The previously unrecorded rendition of Steve Young's "Seven Bridges Road" is welcome, and the album would have benefited from more such surprises.

Eagles Live is the first live album by the American rock band Eagles, a two-LP set released in 1980. The Eagles unofficially disbanded on July 31, 1980 after their concert at Long Beach. However, the band still owed Elektra/Asylum a live record from the tour. Eagles Live (released that November) was mixed by Glenn Frey and Don Henley on opposite coasts - the two decided they could not stand to be in the same state, let alone the same studio, and as Bill Szymczyk put it, the record's perfect three-part harmonies were fixed "courtesy of Federal Express." The 1983 Rolling Stone Record Guide said it is "perhaps the most heavily overdubbed [live album] in history." "Seven Bridges Road" was released as a single and would become a top-40 hit. The song was a showcase for the band's close harmony singing; the first and last verses feature all five Eagles singing in five-part harmony.

01 - Hotel California
02 - Heartache Tonight
03 - I Can't Tell You Why
04 - The Long Run
05 - New Kid In Town
06 - Life's Been Good
07 - Seven Bridges Road
08 - Wasted Time
09 - Take It To The Limit
10 - Doolin-Dalton (Reprise II)
11 - Desperado
12 - Saturday Night
13 - All Night Long
14 - Life In The Fast Lane
15 - Take It Easy