    The Alaskan wilderness is home to some of the most ferocious              
    animals on Earth. Here is your chance to pay them a visit!                
    Remington Super Slam Hunting: Alaska sends you into the cold,             
    sometimes snowy wilds of the Alaskan frontier.                            
                                                                              
    Choose from 35 authentic weapons - including rifles, handguns, and        
    bows - plus scopes and other accessories from Remington, one of the       
    leading makers of outdoor gear. Hunt 30 of the biggest animals that       
    call Alaska home in 35 different environments. Bring friends along        
    on four-player co-op and competitive hunts, and save some space in        
    that trophy room for the 150-plus trophies and achievements you can       
    rack up as you play.                                                      
                                                                              
    In Remington Super Slam, Alaska you'll find yourself face to face         
    with more than 30 of the biggest, baddest and most aggressive             
    animals in Alaska. The good news is that you'll have a huge               
    selection of real weapons including bows, rifles and pistols near         
    at hand. The bad news is the animals want to take you down as much        
    as you want them.                                                         
                                                                              
    Key Features:                                                             
                                                                              
    - 150+ achievements, trophies and medals to win                           
    - 35 unique and dangerous environments                                    
    - 35 real weapons, scopes and hunting accessories to choose from          
    - 1-4 players in co-op and versus modes                                   
    - Compete and post your scores and achievements to the online             
      leaderboard                                                             
                                                                              
                                                                              
    INSTALL:                                                     
                                                                              
    1. Unzip & Unrar
    2. Start setup.bat
    3. Enjoy!!!