Next Launcher v1.1

Requirements: Android 2.2+

Overview: Next Launcher, designed by GO Dev Team, is officially released now!


At the end of 2012, we have a surprise for you! Next Launcher, designed by GO Dev Team, is officially released now!
Next Launcher is a new launcher application which is full of glorious 3D elements and dynamic effects. Fancy 3D visual elements, gorgeous transition effects and humanized gestures bring you a unique and splendid operation experience and visual enjoyment.

Features:

1. Various operation for icons: icons support rotation, reset, select, align and so on. Operation is easy and fantastic.
2 .Unlimited screen layout: placing icons or widgets randomly which forms your own home screen.
3. Stereoscopic screen preview: lots of screen display effects, dazzling animation of screen switching about adding or deleting screen.
4. Quick screen management: adding different kinds of elements in screen edit including application icons, folders and widgets. ItΓÇÖll support changing wallpapers and themes soon.
5. Rotatable dock: inverting upward or downward the Dock can quickly switch among home screen, screen edit and screen preview.
6. Powerful app drawer: icons can be arranged by names or by time, and folders can be created by overlaying icons. Batch mode and operation of adding apps to screen are also available.
7. Beautiful scrolling effects: a variety of app drawer scrolling effects that provide a distinctive screen switching experience.
8. Fancy 3D widgets: 3D widgets that are based on Next Launcher are coming soon!

Tips:
1.Please make sure your device has installed Google Play.
2.Phone performance:Android 2.3.3 and up; Dual-core models is better.
3. Suggestion:Watch the video of Next Launcher first, to know about the cool operation of the product.

What's in this version:

V1.1
1.(New) New icon style
2.(New) New default wallpaper
3.(New) Homescreen folder support multi-select and batch manegement
4.(New) Homescreen folder support rotation
5.(New) App-drawer grid size auto-adjust
6.(New) Support JapaneseπÇüKoreanπÇüRussian
7.(Improve) Support all Android devices
8.(Improve) New Menu Icon on the Dock
9.(Fix) Some FC bugs which found from V1.01

More Info:

 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gtp.nextlauncher

