Vinotekasoft is the ultimate wine cellar management software for Mac. In a unique and gorgeous interface showing bottles, cellars, wine fridges and tasting notes, Vinoteka brings the best wine cellar management experience to Mac users.

Now featuring the complete synchronization with the iPhone/iPod Touch application Vinoteka Touch, Vinoteka has become the most advanced wine and cellar management software for the Mac platform. From now on, synchronize both applications and transfer data to your iPhone/iPod touch in few clicks. Its very easy, it's secure, you can now carry your cellar in your pocket, have a look at it and modify it everywhere, any time.

Extremely easy and fun to use, Vinoteka offers a fantastic and realistic environment to manage your references, your bottles (wine, liquors or spirits), recreate your cellar or wine fridge, save your tasting notes and add your own food and wine pairings. The many different powerful features of Vinoteka (large database of appellations, countries, varietals, types of wines, shapes of bottles, racks and shelves, etc.) provide users with the most advanced technology in terms of wine management. Customizable and user-friendly, straight-to-the point and nevertheless very professional, Vinoteka is the ultimate companion every wine lover needs.

Vinoteka, other than being as intuitive as possible, is based on the lastest Mac technologies and brings a wealth of high-performing and innovative features. Vinoteka is now the most professional tool to manage your cellar and is the the typical and most thought Mac-friendly application for wine management.


What's New
Version 3.0.0:

New Reference Shelves Design
New Bottle Shape Design
New Reference Shape Selector
Introducing the Wall Builder
New Rack
New Fridge Shelves
New Reference Image Web Browser
Added Reference Keywords
Reference Smart Search
Reference Smart Group
Reference and Bottle Statistics
New Reference History
Improved Wine/Food Pairing
New Device Synchronization Engine (Tag, Food Pairing)
New Appellations, Varietals
REQS: PPC / Intel, Mac OS X 10.5 or later 