Anneli Williams, " Collins Vocabulary for IELTS (with Audio CD)"

2012 | ISBN-10: 0007456824 | PDF, MP3 | 128 pages, CD | 45,8 MB

The Vocabulary for IELTS book and CD cover vocabulary items and skills which are relevant to all four exam papers: Listening, Reading, Writing and Speaking. In each unit, you work towards an exam practice exercise which is modelled on the actual IELTS exam. Each unit contains activities that help you develop, step-by-step, the vocabulary knowledge and skills to help you tackle the exam. Exam tips throughout the book highlight essential vocabulary-related learning strategies and exam techniques.

Content

Units
Each unit is divided into three parts.

Part 1: Vocabulary introduces vocabulary related to the topic or function of the unit. Definitions for this vocabulary are presented using C-llins COBUILD full-sentence definitions, and IELTS- style example sentences show how the words are used in context. Parts of speech and the different forms of the words are also listed.

Part 2: Practice exercises provide a structured set of exercises which help youdevelop the skills to successfully apply vocabulary knowledge to the exam. Each unit focuses on developing vocabulary and skills for a particular paper, and the practice exercises provide practice for the particular paper.

Part 3: Exam practice provides exam practice exercises in a format that follows the actual exam giving you the opportunity to familiarize yourself with the kinds of questions you will encounter in the exam. This section focuses on a particular exam paper and is highlighted in grey for easy reference.

Exam tips
There are exam tips and strategies in each unit. These are in boxes for easy reference.

Audio script
All audio for the Listening and Speaking paper has been recorded on the CD using native speakers of English. A fu l l audio script is provided at the back of the book so that you can check the language used in the listening and speaking exercises, if needed.

Answer key
A comprehensive answer key is provided for all sections of the book including model answers for more open-ended writing and speaking tasks.

Collocations
At the back of the book, you can further develop your vocabulary by studying the list of the most common collocations for the vocabulary presented in the units.