hanakya's Chant is a racy and gripping account on Chanakya, one of the greatest political strategists India has seen. The story changes track as it narrates the tale of Gangasagar Mishra, the reincarnation of Chanakya, in parallel. Will he be the next kingmaker?

Gangasagar Mishra, a denizen of a quaint old Indian town, is no ordinary man. Society sees him as a Brahmin teacher who can barely make ends meet, but he's the reincarnation of the man who brought the fragmented subcontinent together under a single empire ΓÇô Chanakya.

Chanakya's Chant by Ashwin Sanghi gives its readers a look into two parallel worlds that are tied together by the intelligence of the main protagonists. The first story is set in 340 BC, when a young Brahmin man, fueled by the death of his father, vows revenge against the king and overthrows his rule by bringing in Chandragupta Maurya, the first emperor of the Maurya Dynasty.

The scene then shifts to modern day India, where Gangasagar Mishra leads his life as a nonentity ΓÇô until he decides to groom an ambitious girl from Kanpur into India's prime minister.

Will Chanakya's manipulative mechanisms change the face of the nation again?

The book takes readers on a joyride through Chanakya's cold and calculating moves.

Chanakya's Chant was very well received by critics and readers. Renowned bureaucrat and writer Shashi Tharoor released the book in Mumbai and termed it a gripping and delightful read. The book is a historical account, but features many colloquial terms too.

About The Author
Ashwin Sanghi is one of the well known writers in the Indian literary scene, and an author of thriller fiction.

He shot to fame through his first release, The Rozabal Line. His books are characterized by extensive research, and they're fast paced political or historical thrillers.

Sanghi was born and brought up in Mumbai. He graduated from St. XavierΓÇÖs College in 1985 and later completed an MBA in Yale School of Management in 1993. He then joined his family business and continued to write fiction during his spare time.