 http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/course_detail.aspx?cid=6891

Cultural Literacy for Religion: Everything the Well-Educated Person Should Know is your chance to experience the breadth and depth of the world’s religions from all angles—historical, theological, and cultural. Over the course of 24 engaging lectures, award-winning Professor Mark Berkson of Hamline University takes you on a tour of our world and its religious cultures. From India to East Asia to the Middle East to the United States, your journey will introduce you to the beliefs, symbols, and practices of other traditions, and it will provide you with new insights into your own.

Whereas many courses are a survey of the world’s major religions, this course goes a step further to ground you in the cultures surrounding both larger and smaller traditions, giving you a new understanding of how religion informs our everyday lives, from art and music to laws and civic engagement. Furthermore, by studying these cultures and traditions, you’ll find new ways to attain greater self-understanding. The examined life is uniquely human, and studying other traditions will offer you new approaches to questions such as, Where do we come from? What is God? What happens when we die?

Experience the Breadth and Depth of the World’s Religions

Many stories in the news today, whether set in the Middle East or your own home town, have a religious dimension. This course will provide the context for current events by examining the breadth of the world’s religions. You’ll start by asking some basic questions: What is religion? And why does it matter? Then you’ll tour the world, exploring each religion systematically and comparatively.

You’ll learn about such fascinating topics as

the Hindu pantheon of deities, including Vishnu and his avatars;
Siddhartha Gautama’s journey to spiritual enlightenment;
the Five Pillars of Islam;
the ideal society according to Confucius;
the basic distinctions between different denominations of Christianity;
the variety of Jewish holidays; and
smaller, but influential, religious traditions, including Jainism, Sikhism, and the Baha’i faith.
By studying the breadth of religion, you’ll come to discover certain features that are common to many religions—concepts of divinity, scripture, rituals, and explanations of good and evil. You’ll learn that not every religion shares every characteristic, but you’ll be intrigued to discover the sometimes surprising commonalities that exist among these traditions.
