Take Command is a comprehensive interactive GUI and Windows command line toolkit that makes your Windows command prompts easier to use and far more powerful. Take Command includes optional Explorer-style integration, tabbed console windows, major enhancements to standard Windows CMD commands such as COPY, DEL, and MOVE, and adds 140+ new commands, improved command line editing, over 480 internal variables and functions, and thousands of other features.

In addition, Take Command is a powerful batch file programming tool, offering extensions such as DO loops, error and exception handling, block-structured logic, an integrated IDE with a sophisticated editor and batch debugger, third-party plugins, and 460 built-in variables and functions.

Are you frustrated with the limitations of the CMD command line and batch scripting? Do you yearn for a real scripting language, and an integrated IDE and batch debugger? How about a Windows command processor that can do all of that, and still run your existing CMD prompt commands and batch files?

Take Command is our flagship product. For over 20 years, JP Software has been helping programmers, system administrators, technical support professionals, and advanced users save time and money, and cure their Windows command prompt frustrations. Take Command offers a new approach to working in Windows, bringing users the power of the command line and the ease of use of the Windows GUI. Take Command includes a complete CMD replacement command shell that provides you with a vastly better Windows command line UI, and thousands of features that are not available in CMD command prompt commands (or even in those vaunted Linux shells).

Take Command combines the power of the command line with the ease of use of Explorer. You can manipulate files in the tabbed command prompt windows and graphically see the results.
Take Command is compatible with your existing Windows command prompt commands and CMD batch files, while adding thousands of new features. (And Take Command runs your CMD batch files faster than CMD!)
The integrated and familiar environment means you are immediately more productive with your interactive command prompt and batch file programming tasks.
The consistent command prompt commands syntax reduces your learning and development time.
The comprehensive help (including context-sensitive popup help for command line commands syntax), speeds your development time and reduces syntax errors.
Create and debug your batch scripts in a fraction of the time with the integrated editor and batch file debugger.
It's fast - 20-200% faster at displaying output than the standard CMD command prompt.
Take Command is fully customizable, including multiple themes, colors, menus, toolbars, and windows.
You can redefine your commands through aliasing, create new commands and functions for your regular tasks, and assign frequently used commands to a single keystroke.
The user interface is available in English, French, German, Italian, Russian, and Spanish. Online help is currently in English 

And many thousands more -- see our online help for all the details.

Take Command is compatible with any 32 or 64-bit version of Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), 2003, Vista, 2008, Windows 7, and Windows 8. Take Command is available in 32-bit and 64-bit versions.
