PC Software: Windows 7 Ultimate Build 7600 
File Type: FLAC Compression 6
Optical Drive Hardware: Samsung SH-S223L
Optical Drive Firmware: SB04
Cd Software: Exact Audio Copy V1.0 Beta 3 (Secure Mode)
EAC Log: Yes
EAC Cue Sheet: Yes
M3U Playlist: Yes
Tracker(s):http://tracker.openbittorrent.com/announce; 
Torrent Hash: 6C1949B4CB3DE55FFA6553191689CF6F18C4E015
File Size: 429.66 MB
Year: 1997
Label: Thanks to CBC Canada
Catalog #:  Limited Edition number 1859



Please help seed these FLACs! 





Here's a bit of a plug for my hometown and where I reside. The Edmonton Folk Festival is one  of the most popular folk fests in North America. Unbelievably I've actually never attended and kick myself in the ass every year for not going as some great bands & artists perform. Included is a great picture of the festival itself with downtown Edmonton in the background. If anybody has anymore of these rare compilations please do make available in lossless!


Kit 






From Wiki:


The Edmonton Folk Music Festival is an annual four-day outdoor music event held the second weekend of August in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, established in 1980 by Don Whalen.[1] The festival continues to draw many people from around the world as both spectators and performers. The current producer of the festival is Terry Wickham.

The festival showcases performers in many genres. Most years, folk, celtic, bluegrass, blues, gospel, roots, and worldbeat acts perform. Past main stage performers include k.d. lang, Joni Mitchell, Stan Rogers, Great Big Sea, Oysterband, Loreena McKennitt, Norah Jones, Steve Earle, The Blind Boys Of Alabama, David Gray, Neko Case, Van Morrison, David Byrne and Michael Franti. In addition to mainstage and sidestage concerts by individual artists, the festival has artists collaborate on shared stages.

During the daytime hours of the festival, there are six active stages hosting workshops and concerts. One stage is devoted to children's entertainment. Food vendors number in the dozens, ranging from carnival fare to vegetarian and world cuisine. A large tent houses craftspeople and there is a CD tent where the performers' albums can be purchased. There is also a beer garden, which serves more beer than any other single event in western Canada.

The EFMF relies heavily on volunteers which keeps ticket prices down. Volunteers do everything from picking garbage to working as stage hands. There are approximately 2000 people on the volunteer list each year.

The EFMF is held at Gallagher Park, on the banks of the North Saskatchewan river. During the winter the area is a ski club. The mainstage audience seating is a natural amphitheatre with great sightlines. The skyline of downtown Edmonton acts as a backdrop for the stage.

In recent years, a fifth evening of music has been added, with revenue from that concert being dedicated to the festival's endowment fund. 








Compilation 1 1997



Tracks: 

Y'en Await Tout Le monde - La Bottine Souriante
When God Dips his Pen Of Love In My Heart - Quartette
Ole Buffalo - Bill Bourne and Shannon Johnson
Hasn't Hit Me Yet - Blue Rodeo
Shapes And Sizes - Joan Armatrading
How To Make Gravy - Paul Kelly
Rainin' In My Heart - Jo-El Sonnier
If A Tree Falls - Bruce Cockburn
Lady Of Shallot - Loreena McKennitt
The Cuban Sandwich - Tom Russel and Barrence Whitfield
Dimples - Long John Baldry
Cold Missouri Waters - James Keelaghan
World of Love - K.D. Lang


Enjoy :)
