WinMend Registry Cleaner
 Safely clean registry junks and significantly improve system performance.
 
Description
 
WinMend Registry Cleaner is a powerful and secure registry cleaning and optimization application. It has four main function modules: Registry Cleaner, Registry Optimizer, Registry Backup and Scheduler. The application can efficiently and comprehensively analyze system, accurately locate errors and obsolete data, safely fix or delete them, thus effectively reducing the workload in your computer and improving the speed and performance of your system. It also analyzes various system settings such as those for CPU, memory, disks and provides comprehensive and automatic system optimization solutions to further increase the speed of system startup and running. Safe analysis, comprehensive registry scan and faster scan engine are our powerful tools for registry cleanup and optimization! Supports Language: English, Czech, Hungarian, Russian.
 Features
 
1. Safe Scan
 With our constant commitment to developing high-quality registry scanning and cleaning products, our products are safer than their peers. No complaint has been filed by any user till today against our registry scanning and cleaning products.
 2. Comprehensive Scan
 Dozens of scan categories and more than 10,000 data checkpoints have made WinMend Registry Cleaner the most comprehensive and deepest registry fix and cleanup application.
 3. Quick Scan
 This application has been specially optimized for Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7 (32-bit & 64-bit) and its scanning speed has been significantly improved. It only takes several minutes to complete a full scan of the Windows registry.
 4. Regular Scan
 As you add files and applications to your computer, or make configuration changes, your registry grows and your system slows downs. Cleaning up your registry regularly keeps your system run smoothly. WinMend Registry CleanerΓÇÖs Scheduler helps you set up the clean up on a regular basis.
 
Supported OS:
 
Operating system: Win 7, Windows Vista 64-bit and 32-bit, XP and 2000.
 
Homepage: http://www.winmend.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 