Review
From reviews of the previous edition

'I have bought other Clinical Medicine books but this weighty one is by far the most comprehensive and an excellent reference book.'

'If you are going to get one book on general medicine then get this one. It is excellent. Great online features mean you can print things out, great for assignments and revision. Obviously best to get the latest version to stay up to date with disease management etc. Highly recommended!'

'Truly the best all round textbook for medical students, with up to date information and links to research papers where relevant. Written in a clear manner and goes into a good depth of detail. Always my first port of call!'

'I find the more condensed books good for review, but they aren't enough for me to learn the subjects in the first place. They all lack the fluidity of voice, the compelling descriptions of diseases, and the extremely handy way of guiding the student along the path of signs and symptoms to differential diagnosis to investigations to final diagnosis and treatment, which K & C have done so well. The diagrams and layout make the book easy to read, and a good variety of visual aids. Excellent book for the clinical years.'

'An excellent textbook for students (I am a pre-reg nurse). With its additional online resources it helps the student to develop the concept of applying theory to practice. You could buy a dozen other related textbooks and they still wouldn't cover a fraction of what this one does. Definately not to be missed. I wish I had had access to such a book when I was a young student. Altogether excellent and recommended unreservedly.'

'This book is truly amazing in terms of its content. It covers everything in clinical medicine . The StudentConsult is also a nice bonus, as it means you don't have to carry this fairly weighty book around with you. If you are looking for a book in clinical medicine, look no further.'

Paperback: 1304 pages
Publisher: Saunders Ltd.; 8 edition (September 17, 2012)
Language: English
 