Release Title: Wrong Turn 2003
Release Length: 01:24:15
Storyline: Chris Flynn is driving his car for a job interview in another city. However,
an accident with a trunk transporting chemical products blocks the highway and Chris looks for an alternative route through
the mountains of West Virginia to accomplish his schedule. Due to a lack of attention, he crashes another car parked in the
middle of the road with flat tires. Chris meets a group of five friends, who intended to camp in the forest, and they decide
to leave the couple Francine and Evan on the place, while Chris, Jessie, Carly and her fiancé Scott tries to find some help.
They find a weird cabin in the middle of nowhere, where three violent cannibalistic mountain men with the appearance of
monsters live. The two couples try to escape from the mountain men while chased by them.

Release Title: Wrong Turn 2 Dead End 2007
Release Length: 01:36:58
Storyline: In Greenbrier Back Country, West Virginia, the retired military Dale Murphy is hosting a
tough survivor show where the winner takes US$ 100,000.00. The proposal of the reality show is to survive in the woods in the most
adverse conditions, following predetermined rules. Soon the contestants find that they are really fighting to survive against a strong,
sadistic and violent cannibalistic family with the appearance of monsters. Further, Colonel Dale discloses that many years ago, an
abandoned pulp mill released chemical waste into the creek, killing the animals and transforming the descendants of a local family in
deformed mutants. Without animals to hunt or fish to catch, the next generation chases travelers to feed themselves.

Release Title: Wrong Turn 3 Left For Dead 2009
Release Length: 01:32:03
Storyline: While rafting in the Bluefish River area, four college kids are attacked by the mutant
cannibal hillbilly Three Finger. Only the teenager Alex succeeds in escaping running through the woods. Meanwhile, a group of
dangerous criminals are transported from the West Virginia Grafton Penitentiary in a custody bus escorted by three security guards
through the backwoods. When they park in a rest stop in a police station, Sheriff Carver is informed about the missing teenagers.
The bus driver heads to their destination with the guards and the prisoners but a tow truck driven by Three Finger hits the bus
that falls off the road. They are attacked by Three Finger and the perilous Carlo Chavez dominates the guards and the other prisoners.
When they accidentally meet Alex, the girl tells how sick and threatening Three Finger is; sooner the survivals discover that Alex
is telling the truth.