ANother C00l 0NE For You Guys- 

Description:-

Aiseesoft DVD Ripper, one of the Best DVD Ripper software, that could easily rip DVD to MP4, H.264, AVI, WMV, FLV, MKV, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, 3GP, 3GPP, VOB, DivX, MOV, RM, RMVB, DPG, etc, even rip DVD to HD video, like HD H.264, HD AVI, HD MPG, HD TS, HD WMV, HD MPEG 4, HD MOV, HD ASF, also convert DVD to audio, like MP3, WMA, M4A, AAC, WAV, etc. with super fast DVD ripping speed and excellent image and sound quality.


Key Features:
Output video and audio parameters
More video and audio settings are provided by this DVD Ripper, such as Video Resolution, Video Bitrate, Frame Rate, Encoder and Audio Channels, Sample Rate, Encoder, Audio Bitrate then save them as user-defined profile for future use.
Clip into segments and crop frame size
Set accurate time length clips according to your preference and cut off unwanted area of a video to feature a highlight fitted for your different portable players.
Merge several into one
If you want to merge collected several video files into one you can check the “Merge into one file” option then merge into one output file. As default the merged file is named after the first selected file (either a title or a chapter).
Support preview and take favorite image
You can preview the source video and edited video and compare the before and after files for your further operation. If you like the current image of the video you can use the “Snapshot” option to take a snapshot of the film and save as a picture file. You can select the destination of the picture by clicking the “Preferences” button.
Select audio track and subtitle
Aiseesoft DVD Ripper allows you to choose the audio track and subtitle for your converted video.
Add watermark
The watermark function gives you the access to add Text or Image for your video and adjust its position, transparence and so on.
Easy to use
A few clicks are all you need to do to rip and copy DVD
Fastest Conversion Speed
Provide the fastest conversion speed (>400%), completely support dual core CPU.

Home Page - http://www.aiseesoft.com/



**INSTALLATION
-After Pasting the serial into the serial box just check again to be sure that there are no spaces in between th numbers; otherwise dont come here

!!Enjoy