Backup4all is an award-winning data backup software for Windows. This backup utility was designed to protect your valuable data from partial or total loss by automating backup tasks, password protecting and compressing it to save storage space. This backup application is feature rich and offers an intuitive interface making all features easily accessible for both beginners and professionals. Using Backup4all you can easily backup to any local or network drive, backup to FTP (with support for SSL encryption, proxy server, passive mode), backup to CD/DVD, or other removable media (such as USB drives).

Our backup utility performs all four backup types: full backup, differential backup, incremental backup and mirror backup. Using the wizard you can easily set up any backup configurations you wish. You can define powerful file filters and schedule your backups any way you want. Once a backup is performed, you can see what files changed since the last backup using the explorer-like tree view or you can read the statistics about the next backup execution.

In the case of many other backup software programs, files that are in use during the backup may not get backed up successfully because they are locked to prevent programs from modifying the data. With Backup4all you can backup open or locked files (XP/2003), such as databases, MS Outlook personal folder (.pst), Outlook Express mail archives (dbx files) and others. When defining a backup, there is also the option to run predefined backups, such as My Documents, My Pictures or Outlook Express emails and settings.

This backup application has ZIP64 support (can create backups over 4GB) and creates standard zip files, meaning that you can access it with any zip compatible utility. Backup4all also allows you to encrypt your backup using AES Encryption (128-bit, 192-bit and 256-bit key strengths). Our backup utility performs incremental backup to keep track of file versions. You can easily restore any version of files or a whole folder. You can filter files to be restored. This data backup software works with any drive letter, including mapped network drives and UNC paths. It comes with its own built-in CD and DVD burning support so you can easily backup to CD or DVD. Just set the destination on CD or DVD and execute the backup job. However, if you prefer, you can use the UDF format.