Follow my uploads here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Part spider, part velociraptor, it's Velocispider! A retro arcade shoot-em-up.
Part Spider, Part Velociraptor, it's Velocispider!!! Take control of a heavily armed araknasaur in this retro arcade shoot-em-up.

Your delicious endangered eggs have attracted the taste buds of the evil CEO of the Robot Seafood Corporation. He will stop at nothing to feast on your eggs, defend them from his relentless army of aquatic robot beasts.

Protect your eggs through 20 levels of awesome retro arcade style action. Many different types of enemies will attack from many different patterns, keeping you on your toes the whole time. It is simple to pick it up and play for a few minutes, but so engaging that you'll want to play the whole thing straight through!

"The best aspects of Velocispider are its fantastic 16-bit visuals and its sense of humor, infrequently delivered in brief cut scenes that underscore the ludicrous nature of this simple arcade game. For 99 cents, youΓÇÖll get a charming little lark for the iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad in Velocispider, an easily enjoyable arcade addition" - Kotaku

"Like so many mobile games, Velocispider succeeds not because itΓÇÖs a great adaptation of a traditional console experience, or because it has a new gameplay hook, but because it takes an already established idea and presents a ridiculous new take on it. This is the sort of arcade experience you pick up and play for a few moments, not only because its classic gameplay is still fun today, but because its setting and aesthetic canΓÇÖt help but make you smile." - IGN

Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                By bobiras2009		