Operation:  Galactic Storm was a 19-part comic book crossover storyline which ran through Marvel Comics Avengers related titles (Avengers, Avengers West Coast, Captain America, Iron Man, Thor, Wonder Man and Quasar) between March and May, 1992.

The storyline involves the Avengers intervening in an intergalactic war between the alien Kree and Shi'ar empires, and is notable among inter-title super-hero crossovers for its emphasis on tight plotting and characterization and its downbeat ending.

The title of the storyline is an allusion to Operation:  Desert Storm, the Pentagon's operational title for the 1991 Gulf War.  Although the phrase is featured in the storyline (it is the name the Avengers give to their own deployment) the plot bears no real relation to the Gulf conflict.

The storyline was tightly plotted so that each issue was supposed to carry the story forward in some way.  Each character was kept largely consistent with their portrayals from their ongoing titles and long developing themes and storylines.  (e.g.:  the strained relationship between Captain America and Iron Man following the Armor Wars; the Avengers strict no killing rule; the genetic problems of the Kree, etc.)

The Aftermath of the storyline is explored in the Captain America and Quasar titles.  Captain America 401 (June, 1992) examines the effects of the conflict on Captain America, such as his disappointment in those teammates who disobeyed his orders, and in the Avengers group as a whole.

Quasar 35 and 36 (June and July, 1992) explore the larger repercussions of the storyline:  the effect on the wider cosmos of the Nega-Bomb explosion; and the sudden death of billions of life forms; and the collapse of a major space empire.

Other comics which tie directly into the events of Operation:  Galactic Storm include Silver Surfer 79 (April, 1993) which features the return of two Kree characters, Doctor Minerva and Captain Atlas, who are thought to have died at the conclusion of Operation:  Galactic Storm.  And Avengers Forever 8 (July, 1997,) which shows how the events of the crossover may change The Avengers (who now control a vast and repressive interstellar empire) into a paramilitary group.  (However, the actions of Iron Man, having been provoked by Immortus, create a crucial schism in the team that prevents them from following this 
path.)

Many subsequent Avengers storylines feature attempts by surviving Kree to exact revenge on the Avengers team for their supposed role in the Nega-Bomb's detonation.  Specifically, the one shot Avengers Strikefiles (January, 1994) serves as an epilogue to Operation:  Galactic Storm; and sets the stage for the 1998 crossover, Live Kree or Die!

This torrent contains the entire storyline, including the tie-ins.  Enjoy, and please seed.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners, please.
