--------------------------------------------------------------------------
MISTY FREEMAN DISCOGRAPHY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This Misty Freeman discography contains 2 releases, including...

 * 2002 - Its All True
 * 2004 - Faith Hope And Love

Misty's music gives listeners of all styles something to indulge in. Singing songs that will tug at your heart and cause you to examine your life. Her voice is pure honesty and soothes the tired soul.

Misty has been traveling on a bus all her life. Raised in the Nashville suburb of Hendersonville, Tennessee, Misty actually spent more time on the road than she did at home. She has sat through hu...ndreds of concerts throughout her youth while other kids her age got to participate in activities that Misty could not enjoy due to traveling. So it was no surprise that when Misty entered her teenage years that she had no interest in being involved in Gospel Music.

In 1997, Misty attended a youth camp that her church youth group took. It was during this week that Misty came face to face with her future -- Gospel Music . The Lord impressed upon her to use her talents to reach the unsaved and to minister in song to God's people. It's a call she heard and upon returning to Nashville she told her parents of her decision to join the family band.

Playing acoustic guitar, Misty soon took her place on the stage with the Freemans and felt that she was headed down the right path.

Many musicians have influenced Misty over the years, most notably Allison Kraus, Dolly Parton and Lee Ann Womack.Even though some similarities exist between Misty and these artists, it is apparent that Misty is defining her own style.

In December, 1998, Misty recorded her first single which was released nationwide to Southern Gospel radio. "Let Me Fall" is an old Southern Gospel Music classic that her Mother recorded and performed with the Hinsons more than 20 years ago. "Let Me Fall" is a beautiful ballad and the response from radio airplay was over whelming.

In 2002, Misty was nominated for the Young Artist of the Year award based on the annual voting of the Singing News Magazine's subscribers. And in 2006 she was nominated for a Dove award for her Faith, Hope and Love release.

In 2002, Misty's released her first solo project, It's All True. Receiving favorable response from Southern Gospel radio and fans, Misty released a second project in February 2005, Faith, Hope and Love. This project gained a lot of attention from not just the Gospel world but also Country music.
Her new cd " What if I'm Right" shows off Misty's song writting talent. Having wrote 5 of the 10 songs. The song "Cinderella" is a anthem for little girls (and big girls) everywhere.

Misty married Bryce in 2006 and they reside in Nashville, TN. They have a new baby and love spending time as a family when off tour. They are very active in they're local church and spending quality time with friends and family is a priority to them. 

God Bless,
TorrentTracts - April 2012
