Dr.Avas.Guide.To.Anal.Sex.For.Women.XXX.DVDRip.x264-CiCXXX

Starring: Francesca Le, Alexa Nicole

Get Dr. AVA's Exclusive Expert Tips & Techniques On The Best Way To Enjoy Anal Pleasure!

Watch Explicit Demonstrations Of Anal Foreplay And Massage!

Discover Innovative Skills Using The Latest Anal Sex Toys!

Get Expert Tips On Advanced anilingus Positions Like The 3-Headed Dragon That Result In multiple Orgasms For A Woman!

Find Out How To Stimulate Her G-Spot And The A-Spot Through Anal Sex!

Discover Playful Anal Sex Positions Such As The pouncing Panther, The Spooning Spider, The Fox And The Fristky Bobcat!

You Will See How to go from Anal preparation, Seduction and Exploration to Anal Sex Toys, Anal Sex anilingus and Positions, SO That you CAN Experience the Ultimate Anal Sex Satisfaction!

'Anal Pleasure CAN be Psychological as well as physical. For some women, anal sex is a special gift that she giver her lover. For men, it is the epitome of sexual arousal and satisfaction. ' -Dr. AVA

Are you Interested in EXPLORING erotic Anal Pleasure for More Adventurous, sensual and orgasmic Sex?

Inhibited Do you Feel About That Part of your Body Sometimes? This DVD has everything you need to know about comfortable, pleasurable anal sex delivered to you by world renowned 'Sexpert' Dr. AVA Cadell!

Are you Interested in EXPLORING erotic Anal Pleasure for More Adventurous, sensual and orgasmic Sex? This DVD has everything you need to know about comfortable, pleasurable anal sex delivered to you by world renowned 'Sexpert' Dr. Ava Cadell. Discover the 12 anal sex rules, learn innovative skills using the latest anal sex toys, and get expert tips on advanced positions that result in multiple orgasms for women. You will see how to go from anal preparation, seduction and exploration to anal sex toys, anilingus and anal sex positions, so that you can experience the ultimate anal sex satisfaction!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=b1nsqo15iqojmypsg45b.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=u1iwyocv9j1ti0dmsog0.jpg