Official Web Site:  http://www.coriolis-systems.com/iPartition.php

iPartition

Intelligent Partitioning for Mac OS X

Whether you’re trying to install the latest version of Mac OS X; or an older version to test your latest release; or you want to install Linux to see what all the fuss is about; or maybe you just want a convenient way to manage disk usage on your Mac; whatever, iPartition can help. With its intuitive yet powerful user interface, iPartition makes it easy to create, destroy, resize or format partitions on your hard disks, whether internal, external, fixed or removable.

With iPartition, resizing a partition is as simple as selecting it, grabbing the resize handle and dragging. Not only that, but if you have several operations to perform, iPartition lets you queue them up and run them one after another, so you can have a cup of coffee while iPartition works. This feature, coupled with iPartition’s ability to automatically rearrange your existing partitions when necessary, makes iPartition the easiest partitioning tool that you’ll ever use.


Full support for Mac OS X 10.7 Lion
iPartition is fully compatible with Mac OS X 10.7 Lion, and with the very latest hardware from Apple.

Repartition without reformatting

Want to change the size of a partition that’s currently full of data? iPartition supports non-destructive resize of HFS+ (including case-sensitive and journaled), FAT and NTFS partitions.

Works with Boot Camp

You can use iPartition on drives that contain Boot Camp volumes; in fact, you can even resize your Windows partitions, and let iPartition take care of reconfiguring the Windows boot process for you.

Support for case-sensitive HFS+

Using case-sensitive HFS+ for compatibility with legacy UNIX software? No problem. iPartition can even convert case-sensitive HFS+ to normal HFS+ and vice-versa, a real boon if you’ve made the wrong choice in the past.

Supports PC disks too

iPartition has always had support for Apple Partition Maps, and when the Intel Macs were released we added support for the new GUID Partition Tables too. With iPartition 3, we’ve added support for PC partition tables, so you can use iPartition for your PC disks also.

Convert disks from Mac to PC (or vice‑versa) 

Even better, if you have a disk you partitioned for use with a Mac, and want to access it from a PC—or maybe you bought an external drive pre-formatted for use with a PC and now want to boot your Mac from it—iPartition can convert the partition tables for you, keeping all your data intact.

Built-in intelligence makes partitioning easier

Unlike other partitioning utilities, iPartition is smart. Its built-in intelligence automatically minimizes the number of operations it must perform and the amount of data it must move, streamlining the partitioning process and saving you precious time.

Power cut during partitioning? No problem.
While we don’t recommend that you rely on it, iPartition can normally recover your disk even if you pull the plug during repartitioning.

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6 or greater

--- PLEASE SEED ---
