POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 88 - Mike Hoggard Watchman Videos


POtHS Comment: Excellent

Description:Michael W. Hoggard is the author of ΓÇ£The King James CodeΓÇ¥ and serves as senior pastor of Bethel Church located in Festus, Missouri. He is the founder and director of Prophetic Research Ministries.  He has spent several years researching the Scriptures and has discovered several biblical principles for understanding the Word of God as a prophetic voice. He is the host of two, weekly internet broadcasts, The Watchman Video Broadcast, and the Watchman Pure Bible study which can be found at www.watchmanbroadcast.com.


Pastor Mike's sureYnot.com channels have the current broadcasts posted:

Video http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/videos
Audio http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/audio

All other broadcast sites and channels are being updated as quickly as possible.
Thank you for your patience.
Visit Pastor Mike's New Video Channels and Websites!
WatchmanVideoBroadcast.com ╟Ç Video Channel:


Included files:
Watchman Video Broadcast 08-03-12 Homecoming 2012 Session 1-5:
Prophecy, Prophets, Dreams, and Visions...
Pastor Hoggard teaches Session 1 of the Bethel Church Homecoming 2012. This Session also serves as a part of the Watchman Video Broadcast for this week.


Visit http://WatchmanVideoBroadcast.com/ - The Glory of Israel (Homecoming 2012 Session 3) -- Pastor Mike Hoggard shows how the Bible disproves 'replacement theology' and that British Israelism is false doctrine. Find out how all the people of the earth will be blessed through Israel and the 12 tribes. No tribe is lost -- God knows where they are. See how blessing is connected to salvation. We need to bless Israel... not curse them.




This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

