Manhunter-SKIDROW [EtGamez]


S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Manhunter (c) silden

29-11-2012......Release Date - Protection...............Nothing
FPS................Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

When John "Striker" Gullivan left the SAS, he's been far from thinking
about retirement. A skilled sniper, veteran of many covert operations,
he was ready to take on the less legal side of the "business".

Working closely with his friend Max - one of the best hackers there are
- he quickly earned his fame among other mercenaries and private
agencies. Yet, he was cautious enough to avoid standing openly against
any legal government. He was even taking semi-official jobs that were
too dangerous or too politically risky for any government agenda. This
was an easy life.

Until now.

Features:

First Person Perspective dynamic adventure shooter powered by the
advanced Argon 5 technology.

Play the role of a famous mercenary through 5 large, different
chapters (14 huge levels total): Iranian hidden nuclear materials'
processing plant, Moscow Trade Center where the trouble begins, City
Dockyard hit-and-flee mission, Baykonur Cosmodrome shootout, and Iraq
terrorist cave search for a missing VIP.

Game reflects John's sniper expertise. At the beginning of each
chapter he is given 2 sniper rifles - a silenced Arctic Warfare as a
primary weapon and additionally one specialised rifle that fits the
chapter best, selected from a variety of choices. Additional rifles
range from a very fast, semi automatic Saiga with sniper scope to a
heavy and deadly Barrett .50.

Game simulates bullet ballistics depending on gravity, wind and bullet
initial velocity for more realistic experience.

Using silencer on the Arctic Warfare or on John's personally modified
P99 pistol may be useful at times, as the enemies fully depend on
their eyes and ears - and they cannot chase what they don't see nor
hear.

Playing the game as a "standard" shooter using automatic rifles and
pistols taken from dead enemies is of course possible as well - still
using sniper tactics over longer distances is easier.

Sophisticated enemy AI allows them to fight in groups, using different
weapons and explosives, alarming and supporting each other, using
terrain and objects in their tactics.

Game is powered by advanced technology and renderer that produces
beautiful images, full of light, beautiful atmospheric effects,
realtime water, reflections, shadows and different, realistic surface
materials complete with vivid, living environments with animated plant
life, insects and birds.

Convincing storyline and action objectives. The player is constantly in
contact with his HQ, which feeds him with data and changes mission
objectives as he goes.

As the technology is very well tested and the team consists of
professionals with long experience, the process of finishing, testing,
localising and publishing the game should be most fluent.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups