                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.1 and up
Overview: Access your computer, files and desktop apps securely from your mobile device



PocketCloud is a secure and fast way to remotely connect to your Mac or Windows desktop with your Android device, no matter where you are. Access your files, pictures, and applications like Outlook, Word, Photoshop, games or any other program. Simple to install with powerful features, enterprise security and RDP/VNC compatibility, make PocketCloud the best choice for remote desktop access.

☆Named by PCWorld the best mobile cloud app for Android tablets☆
☆Winner of 148App’s Best App Ever Award, For Best Android Remote Access App☆

So leave your laptop behind and don’t be concerned with copying files you need from your desktop. Access them all with PocketCloud—make an important presentation, grab a forgotten report, help a friend with a computer problem, or edit and email a spreadsheet while traveling as light as possible.

Two Easy Setup Options:
I) Auto Discovery (Recommended): Hassle-free access to your desktops with minimal setup and no technical know-how. Simply install PocketCloud on your Android device and follow the simple step-by-step instructions.
II) Advanced Setup: PocketCloud can also connect directly to machines running RDP or VNC. Simply enter the IP address or hostname to connect.

FEATURES:

✓ OPTIMIZED for Phones and Tablets
+Full multitasking support
+Advanced high-accuracy Touch Pointer for instant mouse and keyboard control
+Native resolution on all Android versions including Honeycomb and ICS
+Keyboard auto-activation

✓ BEST Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) Android Client
+Always up to date with the latest RDP specification from Microsoft (RDP 7.0)
+Microsoft RD Gateway (TS Gateway) support
+Best compression for 3G and 4G
+Sound with auto-bandwidth mode (Windows Pro, Ult. & Ent. only)
+Enterprise grade security: 128-bit encryption, FIPS and NLA support
+NLA (Network Level Authentication): The only Android app the supports CredSSP including NTLM and Kerberos encryption levels!
+File Redirection
+Auto-fit and custom resolutions for RDP

*RDP Features including sound streaming are not supported on VNC, Mac and Home Editions of Windows

✓ VNC Support
+Connects to Macs, Home Editions of Windows and Linux
+Secure 128-bit encryption when using Auto Discovery
+Supports username authentication for Macs

SUPPORTED PLATFORMS
+Android 2.1 or later
+Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, Windows 2003* & 2008*
+Mac OS X 10.6 & 10.7
+VMware View 4.5
+Linux: Requires a VNC server installed




                                   By bobiras2009	