BurnAware Professional is a powerful CD, DVD and Blu-ray Disc burning and copying software intended for users who need maximum control over every aspect of the burning process and use multiple burners for mass-production of various discs and quick creation of disc-to-disc copies.

 Burn
 Burn, backup or copy your files to CD, DVD or Blu-ray Discs.
 Supports recording from command-line and BAT scripts for automating routine actions.
 Supports CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, BD-R/RE and DVD-RAM media, including high-capacity double-layer media.
 Supports UDF (Universal Disc Format 1.02-2.60), Bridge and ISO9660 (Level 1-3, Romeo), including Joliet Unicode extensions.
 Append or update Multisession discs. 
 Supports multisession for DVD-RW/+RW and import of any session.
 Burn standard or boot disc images.
 Supports ISO and CUE/BIN image files.

 Create
 Create Bootable CD or DVD. Use it as a very big floppy boot disc for recovery purposes.
 El Torito creation support with advanced options: emulation type, sectors, platform, load segment and boot message.
 Create Audio CDs. Play a CD on your traditional CD player or car stereo.
 Supports MP3, WAV, WMA, OGG, M4A, AAC and FLAC audio formats and M3U playlists.
 Supports title and track CD-Text, including Unicode.
 Create DVD-Video discs and MP3 CDs/DVDs.
 Make standard or boot disc images.
 Supports ISO and CUE/BIN image files.
 Supports UDF (Universal Disc Format 1.02-2.60), Bridge and ISO9660 (Level 1-3, Romeo), including Joliet Unicode extensions.

 Copy
 Copy disc to ISO image. This feature can be used for disc backup, as well as for disc copying.
 Copy CD, DVD or Blu-ray Discs. Make exact copies of your DVD-Video, Audio CD or standard Data discs.
 Recover files. Extract files from different sessions, corrupted discs or extract audio tracks from Audio CDs.
 Multiburn. Write ISO image files to multiple recorders simultaneously.

 Benefits
 Lowest CPU usage while burning and copying
 Easiest-to-use, multilingual user interface
 On-the-fly burning
 Supports all types of optical drives and discs
 Uses the most fastest and stable burning engine
 Supports all major audio and disc image formats
 Does not require the .NET framework or additional drivers

Supports Windows 8 and Windows NT/2000/XP/Vista/7 (both 32 and 64-bit)