

'Bloodline Champions' is a free-to-play online player vs. player arena game where players engage in short, intense battles of up to ten players divided into two teams. Each player must take control over one of several different bloodlines, each with their own unique weapons and abilities. Easy to learn, challenging to master - 'Bloodline Champions' is just as much fun for the casual player as it is for the hardcore gamer.

We at Stunlock Studios, the developer of 'Bloodline Champions', made it our number one goal to make the ultimate PvP arena game. That meant doing away with chance, random elements, target locking and critical hits. Here player skill and team play is the most important factor to win.

Different bloodlines in a set up complements each other, different maps and game modes need different tactics, and good teamwork is important. Spells travel towards where the player aim their mouse cursor, and can be avoided by enemy players, making every ability dependent on individual player skill. There is no mana and the cooldowns are short, ensuring that every match is full of intense, adrenaline-filled action.


------------------------------

Experience intense, adrenaline-fueled multiplayer battles with thousands of other players. Short matches ensure you will never get stuck in a long drawn out game - great for quick bursts of fun!

Grinding, bases, levels and gold - you'll find none of that in a match! Just pure, exciting, all-out player vs. player battles where you and your skill is all that matters!

Choose your character from a total of twenty two (22) Bloodlines, each with their own abilities and specialities. From the fire-wielding Igniter to the elusive Ranid Assassin, each offers a unique experience!

Easy to learn, difficult to master. Direct controls, cursor-basedaiming, focused characters and an easy-to-learn interface allows you to enjoy Bloodline Champions just minutes into your first battle!

Thanks to a robust matchmaking system you will be off onto the fields of battle immediately after joining. Play up to five versus five battles, either with strangers automatically matched to your level or with a team of your best friends!

Keep an eye on your progression using an in-depth stat tracking system that allows you to review your own as well as other players' effectiveness with different tactics, abilities and bloodlines.

Short and intense battles, focus on player skill, and an elaborate stat-tracking system makes Bloodline Champions perfect for competitive gaming.

Vibrant graphics, a unique art style and a superb sound design brings the world of Bloodline Champions to life as you keep yourself busy with dealing out death and destruction.

-----------------------------------------------



Website: www.bloodlinechampions.com

Bonus Account:(If you Register through here You get bonus coins ingame)
