These are the Marvel comics I got from the week beginning 11/14/2012.  These are not a complete list of what Marvel put out this week.  There are other torrents for that. There are 9 titles in this week's offering. All comics are either in CBR or CBZ format and are labeled individually.  Please do not share my descriptions or torrent ads with anyone without messaging me first.  If this torrent has no seeds please msg me privately.  I will be glad to reup anything that has no seeds.  I sincerely ask that if you like what you get, please purchase them in some way.  We cannot do what we do if there is nothing being made to scan and upload.

Starting with the first week of November, I will be releasing a new pack with only the Marvel Now comics.  I will still carry this torrent as well as my DC Universe 52, Zero Day, and Independent comics packs.  If you would like to help, please let me know.  

So one of the questions I have been getting is why not do a full release of Marvel Comics.  So I will leave the vote to everyone here.  Please leave in the comment section whether New Marvel I Like should go away and a Total Marvel torrent should replace it.  I am curious what people think.

All New X-Men #1 (CBR 11/14/2012)

It's a blast from the past as the original five students of Professor X - Cyclops, Marvel Girl, Iceman, Angel and Beast - are plucked from the past and brought to the present. But what they find, the state that their future selves are in and the state of Xavier's dream, is far from the future they dreamed of. And how will the X-Men of the present deal with their past coming crashing forward? 

Amazing Spider-Man #697 (CBR 11/14/2012)

Spider-Man joins the WAR of the Goblins! We brought back Roderick Kingsley, the original Hobgoblin-will any other Goblins show? And the pieces of the puzzle are almost complete for AMAZING SPIDER-MAN #700

Avengers Assemble #9 (CBR 11/14/2012)

Two scientists. Two giant egos. One wears a tank. One is a tank. Tony Stark and Bruce Banner are SCIENCE BROS! When a fellow bigbrain goes missing, wanna bet who can find him first?  It's Amazing Race, Avengers-style, as Iron Man and Hulk form their teams and embark on a global manhunt with the ultimate prize at stake...bragging rights!

Fantastic Four #1 (CBR 11/14/2012)

Four adults. Two kids. One 'car.' NOW! begins a journey through all of infinite time and space. 

First X-Men #4 (of 5) (CBR 11/14/2012)

Wolverine and Sabretooth's X-Men are under attack! See the beginning of the Sentinel program! 

New Avengers #33 (CBR 11/14/2012)

A Sorcerer Supreme ascends! Who will be the new master of marvel magic? And what sacrifice will they have to make to achieve such power? An explosive end chapter to one of Marvel's longest running stories! 

Red She-Hulk #59 (CBR 11/14/2012)

The world's most powerful female super human is CLASSIFIED! Red She-Hulk's war on ALL superhumans continues! Captain America has no choice but to hunt her down! ï Will the newly redesigned X-51 need to use lethal force against her? 

Ultimate Comics Ultimates #18 (CBR 11/14/2012)

THE EPIC CONCLUSION OF UNITED WE STAND! It's the Ultimates' final stand against Hydra on American soil! Thor's startling choice: America or Asgard? The last temptation of Captain America with the country in the balance! 

X-Men Legacy #1 (CBR 11/14/2012)

Legion, the most powerful and unstable mutant in the world and son to Professor Charles Xavier, has killed gods and reshaped the face of the universe. NOW! in the aftermath of Avengers vs. X-Men, Legion will finally attempt to conquer his demons and embrace his father's legacy! 
