This conversion to DivX AVI files is meant primarily for English-speaking individuals who dislike MKV or intend to use a Standalone DivX Player.
All are Dual Audio (English default, Japanese secondary) with selectable SRT subs for the Japanese audio.

ARMITAGE III (ORIGINAL ANIMATED VIDEOS (OAVs))
Released: 1994 or '95, depending who you ask.



Quote:
A policeman, Ross Sylibus, is assigned to a unit on a Martian colony, to find that women are being murdered by a psychotic named D'anclaude. He is assigned a very unorthodox partner named Naomi Armitage, who seems to have links to the victims. To stir things up more, every victim is found to be an illegally made third-generation android, built to be almost perfect replications of humans. It becomes a race against time when the government attempts to cover up the existence of the 'Third Types', and eliminate the only ones with the evidence. And even more importantly, why are the Thirds created to be so similar to humans, even to the extent of being indistinguishable from them on every level, mentally and biologically?

Part 1: Electro Blood, ~50 minutes
Part 2: Flesh and Stone, ~30 minutes
Part 3: Heart Core, ~30 minutes
Part 4: Bit of Love, ~30 minutes

720x480 @ 29.97 fps
1043 kbps, DX50 codec (DivX 5/6)
128 kbps Stereo MP3, Dual Audio (Eng+Jap)
Ext. English subs (SRT) for Japanese audio


ARMITAGE III: DUAL-MATRIX, ~90 minutes
Released: 2002



Quote:
Five years after the OAV series, Third series robot Naomi Armitage and her husband Ross Sylibus now live peacefully on Mars with their daughter, until a corporation wants to know the secrets of the third's ability to bear children.

(aka Part 5, same specs as above OAVs)

I couldn't find a decent Poly-Matrix (the "condensed" recut of the OAVs), but the OAVs contain all that shit anyway and are frankly much better at making the plot understandable. Watch the OAVs in order first as the "first movie", then move on to Dual-Matrix, and you haven't missed a beat. The subtitles don't "exactly" match up to the English, they're meant for the secondary Japanese audio, though they're mostly close enough to still use for the English.

All files have been thoroughly tested on a standalone DivX player.

Enjoy... +*halofubar*+ 