Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits is a masterful sampler of Dylan at his absolute peak, a first-rate
summary of his incredible output and best-known songs from his first seven albums 
starting with a cut from The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan (1963) and ending with a selection from Blonde On Blonde (1966). 
It's hard to find ten songs that are better and more musically relevant than those on this disc. From folky classics like "The Times They Are A-Changin'" to poetic bluesy rock songs like "Subterranean Homesick Blues." 

Bob Dylan's early days were as tumultuous and groundbreaking as anything else in the history of popular music, he was the undeniable voice of the 60's and so many artists have covered songs included on this recording.  In 1963 Peter, Paul and Mary enjoyed a #2 hit single with "Blowin' in the Wind" and in 1965 "Mr. Tambourine Man" was a number # 1 hit for The Byrds and the Turtles folk-rock version of "It Ain't Me Babe" reached #8.  The epic "Like a Rolling Stone" was the biggest chart hit for Dylan himeslf and the tune Rolling Stone magazine chose as the #1 Pop Song of All Time. 

Dylan is by now a living legend and recently received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, America's highest civilian honour. At the award ceremony President Obama said, "Bob's voice, with its weight, its unique gravel power, was re-defining not just what music sounded like, but the message it carried and how it made people feel. There is not a bigger giant in the history of American music."

The iconic album cover won the 1967 Grammy award for Best Album Cover, Photography. This release includes a booklet-size copy of the now-familiar psychedelic poster of Dylan done by Milton Glaser that was included in the original LP.

Producers: John H. Hammond, Tom Wilson, Bob Johnston

Tracklist:
Rainy Day Women #12 & 35
Blowin' in the Wind
The Times They Are a-Changin'
It Ain't Me Babe
Like a Rolling Stone
Mr. Tambourine Man
Subterranean Homesick Blues
I Want You
Positively 4th Street
Just Like a Woman

Mastered by STEVE HOFFMAN at Stephen Marsh Mastering

Complete artwork included.

Enjoy!