Honestly, reason for posting, HELP! I need some, don't even know what to do anymore about this situation. Heres how it plays out. When you watch the videos, you'll see a pop machine in the back, i usually stand there to pick up my kid cuz he really dilly dallies around, taking like 45 mins to almost an hour some days to get ready to go home. The woman in the video is the Principal at the school where my kid goes. She approached me on the other side of that mini wall asking who i was there to pick up, soon as i said the name she requested that i go wait by the door, I asked "why" she threatened me randomly with a restraining order. Wanting no part of this fight, i agreed and turned around walked away. After getting a good 20ft away, I can still hear her threatening me, insulting me, threatening more on the restraining order to the point where i had just listened to enough of it and turned around and said "Please stop, I am doing what was requested of me, peacefully i might add, i don't need the extra on it, so please i ask you to stop". She did. A parent asked me what happened and as i was explaining to her in a whisper what had just been said to me, she races back over, interupted our conversation to tell me i was NOT allowed to discuss school matters on school property with other parents, thats when the camera was pulled out. I've posted a censored version to YT,FB,etc just to warn people cuz the worlds getting weird as we all know. They pulled it, I've asked Occupy Canada and Anonymous, or anyone else who would know what to do here. A friend suggested that i contact the school board about it and when i did, 2 days later they sent 2 armed cops to my door to bully me into pulling the uncensored version, simply cuz of the kids that were caught on film. Ok i thought that makes sense, so i censored them. Here it is almost 2 weeks after i posted the censored version and YT flagged it, facebook flagged it and deemed it "Inappropriate Content" without giving any reason to why. So i say screw them, i reuploaded it everywhere, that WASN'T YT but gets just as much traffic. And now i come to the only place in the world who's opinions i ACTUALLY TRUST, why? I earned your trust, just as you've earned mine. And this is about the only place online with a set of balls as big as mine to actually post FREEDOM. 

So I implore all the law students, anyone etc with a knowledge of canadian law to come forward and lend me a hand. I just don't know what to do here considering ive waited since this happened for my lawyer to return a phone call. So I'm thinking they were told to be quiet as well. Sorry to take your time, thank you for listening, watching and downloading. I really appreciate this one kiddies.