Marauder was created in the early ’90 by Andreas Tsaoussis & George Sofronas. Many changes of members have taken place since then, but they always keep their authenticity & always show respect & honor Heavy Metal. The present line-up is represented by Andreas Tsaoussis & George Sofronas in lead guitars, Greg Vlahos in drums, Theodore Paralis in bass & Alexander Kostarakos in vocals. The band counts 2 demos & 4 cds since nowadays, including many participations in compilations, such as “The night of the Demon – A tribute to Demon” performing the song “The Grand Illusion”, “A tribute to Kiss” performing the song “Gimme More”, a compilation of the Sweden Rock Magazine, performing their song "Power from the sky" taken from their third cd, "Life?", being among great names like Dio, Saxon & Europe. The band has also played as guest with Nicko McBrain, Rage, Riot, Leatherwolf, Anvil, Omen Demon, Virgin Steele, Death SS & many more. The first demo "Try to live" was recorded in 1991 and it was pure & strong Heavy Metal. Having great success, their second demo "The die is cast" (1993) was the logical sequence of what they have started. Day by day, their hunger for more recognition and offering was a result for the band to release their first cd "Sense of Metal" in 1997 by Live Rec. The style of the band remains the same, classic Heavy Metal. After many live performances, the band strikes with their second cd, "1821" released by the Brazilian Megahard Rec. in 2000. This album was dedicated to the great revolution of 1821 and in memory to all Greek heroes, who died to free Greece. As the live performances were taking place & being more mature than ever, the band was composing new songs for their 3rd album. Despite the fact that they had problems with many record labels, their third album "Life?" was released in 2004 by the Greek Eat Metal Rec. This album was rated with 4/5 in Sweden Rock Magazine's reviews. In 2008, the Italian label Heart of Steel Rec. releases their 4th cd “Face the Mirror” with the present line up & the band continues to perform live. Marauder has now finished all the recordings, mixing & mastering of their 5th cd “Elegy of Blood” which will be released by Pitch Black Records(Cyprus). It’s a concept cd referred to great wars/battles in the history of mankind.
STAY TUNED!!!!
FOR US METAL IS ENOUGH!!!!