Manhunt- The 10 Year Search for Bin Laden-from 9-11 to Abbottabad(EPUB+PDF+MOBI)[Team Nanban][TPB]

 Peter L. Bergen | ISBN: 0307955575 | 2012 | EPUB+PDF+MOBI | 384 pages | 1.78 MB/4.5 MB/2.06 MB

 DESCRIPTION:

 The gripping account of the decade-long hunt for the world's most wanted man.

 It was only a week before 9/11 that Peter Bergen turned in the manuscript of Holy War, Inc., the story of Osama bin Laden--whom Bergen had 
 once interviewed in a mud hut in Afghanistan--and his declaration of war on America. The book became a New York Times bestseller and the 
 essential portrait of the most formidable terrorist enterprise of our time. Now, in Manhunt, Bergen picks up the thread with this taut yet 
 panoramic account of the pursuit and killing of bin Laden.

 Here are riveting new details of bin LadenΓÇÖs flight after the crushing defeat of the Taliban to Tora Bora, where American forces came startlingly close to 
 capturing him, and of the fugitive leaderΓÇÖs attempts to find a secure hiding place. As the only journalist to gain access to bin LadenΓÇÖs Abbottabad compound 
 before the Pakistani government demolished it, Bergen paints a vivid picture of bin LadenΓÇÖs grim, Spartan life in hiding and his struggle to 
 maintain control of al-Qaeda even as American drones systematically picked off his key lieutenants.

 Half a world away, CIA analysts haunted by the intelligence failures that led to 9/11 and the WMD fiasco pored over the tiniest of clues before 
 homing in on the man they called "the Kuwaiti"--who led them to a peculiar building with twelve-foot-high walls and security cameras less than a mile 
 from a Pakistani military academy. This was the courier who would unwittingly steer them to bin Laden, now a prisoner of his own making but still 
 plotting to devastate the United States.

 Bergen takes us inside the Situation Room, where President Obama considers the COAs (courses of action) presented by his war council and 
 receives conflicting advice from his top advisors before deciding to risk the raid that would change history--and then inside the Joint Special Operations 
 Command, whose "secret warriors," the SEALs, would execute Operation Neptune Spear. From the moment two Black Hawks take off from Afghanistan 
 until bin Laden utters his last words, Manhunt reads like a thriller.

 Based on exhaustive research and unprecedented access to White House officials, CIA analysts, Pakistani intelligence, and the military, this is the 
 definitive account of ten years in pursuit of bin Laden and of the twilight of al-Qaeda.

 PLZ SEED WHILE AND AFTER DOWNLOADING...

 "SHARING IS CARING"