Dark Shadows (2012)PAL DVDR MENU DD5.1 Multi Subs TBS B-Sam

Dark Shadows (2012)


Verenigde Staten
Komedie / Fantasy
113 minuten

geregisseerd door Tim Burton
met Johnny Depp, Eva Green en Michelle Pfeiffer

1752. Joshua en Naomi Collins verhuizen met hun zoon Barnabas (Johnny Depp) naar Amerika om een vloek te omzeilen. Twintig jaar later is Barnabas een rijke vrouwenversierder en breekt zo het hart van de heks Angelique Brouchard (Eva Green). Zij verandert hem vervolgens in een vampier en begraaft hem levend. Twee eeuwen later, in 1972, wordt hij echter bevrijd uit zijn graf.

Storyline

In the year 1752, Joshua and Naomi Collins, with young son Barnabas, set sail from Liverpool, England to start a new life in America. But even an ocean was not enough to escape the mysterious curse that has plagued their family. Two decades pass and Barnabas (Johnny Depp) has the world at his feet-or at least the town of Collinsport, Maine. The master of Collinwood Manor, Barnabas is rich, powerful and an inveterate playboy...until he makes the grave mistake of breaking the heart of Angelique Bouchard (Eva Green). A witch, in every sense of the word, Angelique dooms him to a fate worse than death: turning him into a vampire, and then burying him alive. Two centuries later, Barnabas is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate has fallen into ruin. The dysfunctional remnants of the Collins family have fared little better..
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1077368/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/82774/


SourceSmileark.Shadows.2012.PAL.DVDR.Hive-CM8
Format: VIDEO_TS
Beeld: 720*576 PAL
Audio: English and Hungarian DD 5.1
Ondertitels: NEDERLANDS, English, Arabian, Russian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Turkish
MENU: Ja (edited by THC)
DVD-Cover: JA
Quality over Quantity (QoQ) ┬«eleases
Vertaling: Watchman, Chillywitch, Tamarah & Sjootelsplak
Controle: Smokey

Enjoy the Movie

Kom ook eens kijken :
 
http://www.black-sam.org



Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.