Multimedia Container Format: MKV (matroska)
File Size: 1,38 GB (1 484 238 109 bytes)
Resolution: 720x400 (16:9) 
Video Codec: x264 (1100 kbps)
Audio Codec: AC3 (5.1 channels - 384 kbps)
Audio Language: English
Frame rate: 25.00 fps
Source: DVD9 (PAL)

Internal Subtitles: Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, Finnish, Croatian, Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Icelandic, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Turkish, English for the hearing impaired, Italian for the hearing impaired.

Subtitle format: VobSub

Running Time: 02:09:08

*****  THE BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY (1995) *****

IMDb link:    http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112579/

IMDb User Rating: 7.3/10 from 28,967 users

Directed by: Clint Eastwood
Written by: Richard LaGravenese (screenplay), Robert James Waller (novel)

Cast
Cast overview, first billed only:

Clint Eastwood 	... 	Robert Kincaid
Meryl Streep 	... 	Francesca Johnson
Annie Corley 	... 	Carolyn Johnson
Victor Slezak 	... 	Michael Johnson
Jim Haynie 	... 	Richard Johnson
Sarah Kathryn Schmitt 	... Young Carolyn
Christopher Kroon ... 	Young Michael
Phyllis Lyons 	... 	Betty
Debra Monk 	... 	Madge
Richard Lage 	... 	Lawyer Peterson
Michelle Benes 	... 	Lucy Redfield
Alison Wiegert 	... 	Child #1
Brandon Bobst 	... 	Child #2
Pearl Faessler 	... 	Wife
R.E. 'Stick' Faessler ... 	Husband 

Plot Summary:

The path of Francesca Johnson's future seems destined when an unexpected fork in the road causes her to question everything she had come to expect from life. While her husband and children are away at the Illinois state fair in the summer of 1965, Robert Kincaid happens turn into the Johnson farm and asks Francesca for directions to Roseman Bridge. Francesca later learns that he was in Iowa on assignment from National Geographic magazine. She is reluctant seeing that he's a complete stranger and then she agrees to show him to the bridges and gradually she talks about her life from being a war-bride from Italy which sets the pace for this bittersweet and all-too-brief romance of her life. Through the pain of separation from her secret love and the stark isolation she feels as the details of her life consume her, she writes her thoughts of the four-day love affair which took up three journals... 
