 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066921/

Note: Mature content - view with care


DivX HD H.264 MKV (from 720p hdrip) 1280 X 768 1195k video bitrate  
and 192k 6ch AAC audio 

Stanley Kubricks masterpiece "A clockwork Orange" is brought to you 
here in a reasonable and nice enough quality 1.36GB offering.

There are two main schools of thought in what is prevailing wisdom within the
circles of the Psychology field. The "cognitive humanistic approach"
believes in the use of rational methods to bring about an engagement in the
mind so as to see a better perspective prevail in the minds of all concerned
with its use. It requires of course correct engagement on those aspects of
reason and emotion that should be validly brought to bear so as to bring true
wisdom to the situation. Cognitive engagement with issues of punishments and
rewards that flow normally in what choices are made in human affairs would be
"par for the course" as it were, when using this approach, and required too
certainly and indispensably. That should go without saying I suppose. In this
model, punishments would have to be seen as normally applied only to the
extent that such use is kept sane, however - in what a reasonable such person
would fathom as such and completely so I suggest.

On the other hand, behaviorism is a belief in the use of only punishments
mainly that reason is engaged - and the absence of punishment is considered
a reward  obviously - in addition to other incentive use of tokens perhaps, 
as a belief in control through such a regime is all that is the basis for the
employment of such tactics. The difference between this approach and
the (previously mentioned) modern school of "cognitive humanistic therapies"
is mainly in regards to the view as to whether man is a rational being a being
with a conscience potentially engaged therefore, or simply more animalistic 
sort of a being which is therefore controlled by external restraints mainly -
and based invariably on what are "survival instincts" alone. In the
case of the latter, some advocate that only the most severe forms of 
punishments can be used for human management as it were as they regard men as
actually devoid of conscience in the absence of oppressive controls.
Many practice behaviorism strategies without regard to rational engagement
in a bid to make man simply responsive to control and without regard
to having valid ends for this idea of control - including as to whether
a still sane man is to be the end result of surviving such treatment.
As a result, this approach has long been discredited by modern schools
of alternative thought in the mental health profession and Western society
in general. Those who lack human sanity in their own minds rarely can
apply appropriate use of cognitive approaches are are always behaviourism
centered in order to degenerate human stocks which they might have the means
to control (as a means of venting the psychosis that such a mind is invariably
made of instead).


In this movie, we get a look at "aversion therapy", aimed to reduce
the pleasure from sadistic acts that a freak mind might otherwise 
engage in. We see depicted, what is brutal Rape and other sadistic acts
such as senseless murder in what is a display of freak like enjoyment of
such crimes. "Perhaps this therapy could work" we are told only I
think in abstract theoretical terms to generate discussion.

In actual fact, it is my own view that "capital punishment" (the death penalty)
is the only alternative that is truly sane and practical as no being that
abstains from sadistic criminality based only on fear of punishment is a being
that is worth sustaining in our midst. To intent to commit the crime 
(given the opportunity with impunity perhaps) is evil enough and that threat
is more than those innocent members of society should have to endure. 

You cannot control through artificial means as a freak outcome
is all you will persist in sustaining at a cost to our sanity which
is too high to bear.


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo


srt Subtitles included for - please check the net for others too
Arabic
Bosnian
Brazilian Portuguese
Bulgarian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Estonian
Farsi
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Italian
Lithuanian
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish