God of War I and II.PCSX2.[EnRu].Repack

Year: 30 November 2010
Genre: Action (Slasher)  Adventure  3D Person
Developer: Santa Monica Studio
Publisher: Sony Computer Entertainment
Sound language:English


System requirements:
Operating system: Windows  XP / Windows Vista /windows 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz or AMD Athlon X2 4000 +
Memory: 1.5 GB (Windows XP) / 2 GB (Windows Vista / 7)
Hard drive space: 10.44 GB (the game itself is 7.84)
Sound device: compatible with DirectX
Video card: compatible with Direct X 9.0c, 256 MB with support for Shader 3.0


Features:

 • An advanced combat system! Remember the best techniques from the first part of the God of War and add to them a lot more 

sophisticated attacks! Swords of Chaos now razyat furiously, faster and more powerful!

 • New magic tricks! Becoming a god, Kratos mastered the magic of natural elements. In his hands the power of wind, ice and 

other items.

 • Monsters of Ancient Greece! You meet the most striking creations of the human imagination - a terrible, coming from the 

myths and legends and full of unbridled fury. Cyclops, Cerberus, griffins - you are waiting for a lot of dangerous creatures.

 • The mind is sharper than a sword! To change the pattern of their own destiny, not only a skillful use of weapons, we also 

need a sophisticated mind. In God of War II you will meet many interesting puzzles and original puzzles to overcome that is 

not easier than the Scylla and Charybdis.

 • Journey of epic proportions! Fate throws the hero into the darkest corners of ancient Greece. The plot has prepared many 

surprises, that predict where Kratos will be in the next moment, absolutely impossible.

 • Full Russian translation! To appreciate the skill and writers to immerse your head in the story God of War II, you will not 

have to learn English. The game is fully translated into Russian.


 
Features RePack

Do not cut / recoded
Exclusive translucent installer from the soundtrack of the game
Exclusive shortcut on the desktop
Installing additional software (DirectX, C + + 2005/2008/2010, OpenAL especially for those who have the eternal problem with 

installation)
To install the game requires 1 GB of RAM (in accordance with the minimum requirements of the game)
Run the game from a shortcut on the desktop or from the "Start" menu
Installation time ~ 13 min (for the entire Novels)