Create your own high-quality MP3 music collection in minutes!

Simply select a genre or artist, click the start button and you’re off! In no time at all you will have access to all the best music for free at home or on the go. Music is recorded automatically, optimised and furnished with ID3 tags, album artwork and lyrics.

Monitor and record over 30,000 web radio stations, to add all your favourite music to your own library. Radiotracker converts your music to the correct format.

Choose from over 80 genres including rock, pop, funk, jazz, classical, metal, folk, rap, R&B, or simply choose your favourite artists and create wishlists of tracks, then let Radiotracker do the rest!

Record without commercials and talking, at a rate of 320 kBit/s providing music quality even better than some online music shops.

Expand your music collection - Radiotracker can analyse an existing collection to create a wishlist of songs and artists not yet included, even providing suggestions for music and artists similar to your tastes.

Stay up to date with the latest music trends, and be inspired by new artists and sounds.

Download free audio and video podcasts providing hours of entertainment.

Get all the hits, charts and complete albums – by joining Radiotracker’s online community to share tips and tracks.

Manage your library - Radiotracker cuts and normalises your tracks, adds ID3 tags, fading, album artwork and song lyrics to complete your library.

Music Player included to playback music and podcasts or listen to web radio, or use Winamp, Apple iTunes or Windows Media Player if you prefer.

Enjoy your music anywhere - Radiotracker helps you record music onto CD and synchronise your library with your MP3 player, USB, iPod or mobile phone, so you always have access to your collection.

Create your own ringtones from your favourite music with Radiotracker’s ringtone generator to transfer straight to your mobile.

Building a huge music collection has never been easier with Radiotracker’s Autorip function – download MP3s quickly and easily.

Set your own parameters - manage radio stations by genre and bit rate, create black lists and set your maximum number of recordings and data size.