Smoken hot Cougar, binds herself and obeys sexual commands, how desperate they get with age.. | Simone Sonay | Matt Williams

November 16, 2012 
   
 
MP4 only.    
    
 
Welcome back the hottest Cougar in porn, Simone Sonay! This 40 year old hottie is as cute and sexy as they get. Sexually Broken is alway bringing the most diverse, most beautiful girls on the net.

We toss SImone a huge ring gag for her huge mouth, and a a pair of handcuffs. She is instructed to gag and bind herself. We love self bondage here at Sexually Broken. While she obeys our commands we stroke the cock that will soon be placed inside all our captured Cougar's hungry holes.

We make Simon bend over, crawl, and tease us with her amazing body and pretty face. We make her walk on her hands and knees to suck cock. She has no choice but to obey. With her hands cuffed behind her and a ring gag holding her mouth open, the cock has no problems finding the very back of Simone's throat. What starts out as a slow blow job turns into a battle for survival as we fuck the holy hell out of Simons cute pie hole. 

We add rope to the handcuffs and man-handle our Cougar to a standing postion. Dazed from the brutal skull fucking, before she knows what's happening we fuck her from behind with passion. The cock slide balls deep in one stroke, she is that wet. We fuck her deep, we fuck her hard, she is a complete helpless mess and we push her back to her knees and fuck her face again. She has been reduced to a sex rag doll, we can fuck any hole we want has hard as we want when ever we want, and Simone knows it.

We make her sit on the floor, spread her sexy long legs out, almost into full splits. Her toes keep her legs well spread, and we attack her clit with a vibrator. We harass our Sexy Cougar, we get in her head, she can't cum, we make fun of her for wanting to, but not being able to. She needs it so bad, but we are making fun of her. It's not fair but we know but its so fun to tease this hot piece of ass. We clamp her huge hard nipples and pull her forward, into an incredibly uncomfortable postion. While we vibrate her further, we let her know what a failure she is for not being able to cum. She wants and needs to cum so bad, but she can't! She cries, it's really so sad, completely heart breaking. To bad we really don't care... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_16simone/SexuallyBroken-Simone-Sonay-Matt-Williams-Smoken-hot-Cougar-binds-herself-and-obeys-sexual-commands-how-desperate-they-get-with-age.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

