This is my first torrent ever, so please bare with me. I've been recently getting into Visual Novels lately and wanted to spread the love. This VN in particular doesnt have a torrent. Not from what I searched. And I did a pretty thorough search. In the end, I was forced to download Rar parts individually which is annoying and time consuming. I figured I'd spread this nice game through torrents since other people probably hate this as much as me, and who knows, maybe they want this game as well.

So now that you know my reasoning, I want to clearly state, I TAKE ABSOLUTELY NO CREDIT FOR THE FILES IM TORRENTING. I simply, want to share this game. Through a much easier way. All credits to the game (and translators) go to there rightful place.

You can visit the sight where the game is downloadable from here:        



This torrent contains the actual game, and the english patcher. 

Instructions:

mount Disc 1 and follow the set up. Change the directory to Program filesx86. Dont create a folder for it, itll create one automatically. The setup is more likely in japanese So please bare through it. Just dont click anything else just next Once done. Itll install safely. The disc will need changing roughly 70% through. So mount disc 2 and continue the install. Once the games done installing your half done. Now run the english installer and dont change the directory. Itll install in the same place. Congrats, your done. This worked 100% for me. And plays neatly. If you have any trouble, post your issue. 


Also, I ran my computer in japanese locale. You can change your region (which doesnt really change much except on non-unicode programs like Vns and such) by going to control panel, region and language and click administrative. Click change system locale. Find japan and reboot computer. now you should be able to see all japanse text very clearly and run all programs in the future smoothly. I recommend only doing this if the program does NOT install or wont run. Also you should usually run VNs through applocale in japanese if you dont change your system locale. It prevents sloppy looking text and such. And sometimes some errors. 


Comment if this torrent was good, or wasnt. I'd like to know your opinions. I am seeding. Please seed yourselves.		