

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 102  - Nation Under Siege and Secret Surveillance



POtHS Comment: For Xmas gifts please burn just 7 DVD's with POtHS Info and Give them to Seven Friends that will watch and Pass on The DVD's. Forget about socks, ties and Aftershave!!! Educate your friends for Christmas with POtHS.

Description:

Citizens Grand Jury Indites Obama and Biden:
(Ocala, Florida, October 30, 2012). Larry Klayman, the founder and chairman of Freedom Watch today announced that President Barack Obama and Vice President Joseph Biden have been criminally indicted for having willfully released classified national security information concerning the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound, U.S. and Israeli war plans concerning Iran and their cyber-attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.

A true bill of indictment was issued by a Citizens' Grand Jury in Ocala, Florida, who reviewed evidence and voted unanimously to indict Obama and Biden at 6:02 pm on October 29, 2012.  

The authority for a Citizens' Grand Jury can be found at www.citizensgrandjury.com.

The criminal defendants, Obama and Biden, will now be given notice of their indictment, arraigned and then tried for their alleged crimes.

For information see www.citizensgrandjury.com or contact Adrienne Mazzone: 561-750-9800 x210; amazzone@transmediagroup.com
--------------------------------------------------------------

Health Ranger interviews David Chalk on cyber-terrorism potential collapse of power grid:
Join Mike Adams in this Health Ranger Report as he interviews technology expert David Chaulk about the cyber-technology threat that exists to our world due to viruses that have been engineered to take big power systems (like power grids) down. David recently wrote a piece warning the world that the entire power grid is vulnerable to catastrophic collapse if we continue to go in the route of automation and tying the grid together. David offers solutions to these threats in this informative interview.
Learn more at:
www.DavidChalkInc.com
---------------------------------------------------------------

High Level Insider - DHS Preparing to Start A Civil War:
On the Wednesday, May 9 edition of the Alex Jones Show, Alex talks with Douglas J. Hagmann, founder and director of the Northeast Intelligence Network. He is al
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 

