Description
*To all users who lost progress in the latest update please do the following: on level 1 after the start line there is a white truck in the background,click on the truck 5 times and all levels will be unlocked!


15,000,000 downloads for Trial Xtreme series! 15,000,000 people addicted to Trial Xtreme can't be wrong!

We got amazing news! Nomination for the Best Sports game in the world!!! 
Trial Xtreme 2 has been nominated for the 8th International Mobile Gaming Awards in the category "Best Sports Game".

Please vote for us at: 
http://www.imgawards.com/EN/nominee-fiche-846-22.php

Top chart - #1 Racing game in more than 15 countries!

With almost 15,000,000 downloads for the Trial Xtreme series, 
Trial Xtreme 2 is the sequel to multi-million selling hit Trial Xtreme, packed with more levels, amazing new graphics and more blistering motorcycle stunt action than ever.
Crank up the throttle, rev your engine and negotiate your way across 32 new action-packed levels.
Trial Xtreme 2 uses the cutting edge NVIDIA® PhysX® engine to give you the most realistic ride of your life, demanding skill and concentration to take to take your bike riding skills to the max!
Game Features
●Much anticipated sequel to the blockbuster hit Trial Xtreme - downloaded 4million times and counting!
●32 brand new levels set across 5 challenging environments
●Negotiate hundreds of obstacles including ramps, jumbo tires, rocks, planks and more
●Super detailed new Unity-powered graphics engine brings your rider and the game world to life
●Intuitive tilt control system using the phone’s accelerometer. Use precision control like never before
●Ultra-realistic rider and bike physics built on the NVIDIA® PhysX® engine lets you feel it all as you flip, jump, bump and crash your way to victory
●Max out your score and play the world through GameCenter highscores and social features
What's new in Version 2.11
*To all users who lost their progress in the latest update please do the following: on level 1 after the start line there is a white truck in the background,click on the truck 5 times and all levels will be unlocked!
*Added Stars to improve score and challenge 
*added 4 new levels
*Add the ability to upload in-game screenshots to your Facebook Wall
*new music and sound effects