Train Simulator 2013 - DVD Edition

Developed by : Team RailGamer | Type of distribution : Game | Add-On | Language : English | Year : 2012 | Genre: Simulation | Release Date: 23 Dec 2012 | File Format: ISO

Features:
*Exclusive to Railworks Central
*Uses Cracked Steam 
*More stable than just Greenluma 
*This version can be used Online
*Can install any pirated Add-On
*Access Steam Workshop
*V27.5a

About the Game
The best just got even better! RailSimulator.com pushes the boundaries of simulation once again with Train Simulator 2013, the latest addition to the multi-award winning series. Feel the power as you drive some of the worlds mightiest machines on railroads across the globe. Master these heavy duty trains as you complete missions and face fearsome challenges, build your career or simply drive for pleasure. Use the built-in tools to create new railroads, or add to your collection from our huge range of DLC locos and routes.

Key Features:
Stunningly accurate locomotives with realistic sounds, controls and physics Fantastic routes including the fabulous London to Brighton, East Coast Mainline, Electrostar, Great Western Main Line and Isle of Wight.
Drive with Xbox 360 controller, keyboard or mouse
Integrated STEAM workshop free mission download centre
Enhanced graphics and performance
Score your driving and join the global leader board with Career System
Quick Drive menu system: drive what you like, where you like
Interactive maps and task lists
The Union Pacific shield is a trademark of the Union Pacific Railroad Company. Amtrak is a registered service mark of the National Railroad Passenger Corporation. All rights reserved. Used with Permission.

How to Install: (Read Carefully)

Mount The .ISO using power DVD or Equivalent 

Double click on Install Train Simulator 2013

Enter Product Key: 75841-54734-75036

Once Steam has updated and you have logged in or created an account exit Steam by going to "Steam Exit" to allow Train Simulator 2013 to install otherwise you will receive an error message. Should you see that message make sure steam is not running and select retry. 

Once all has installed right click on "Cracked Steam.exe" on your desktop select properties go to compatibility and mark the box "Run as administrator" 

Enjoy the game!

Notes:
It may take up to 30 minutes to install depending on your machine.

Brought to you by:
Team RailGamer

Visit The Website:
www.railgamer.co.uk

Visit The Forums: