

Genuine Registry Doctor 2.5.9.2 Full + Crack - Always troubled by the slow speeds, sudden crashes and a bunch of errors? Why not fix all the system errors and explore the vast potential of your PC and enjoy a more secure network environment? With Genuine Registry Doctor, you just need a couple of clicks to Accomplish that! It diagnoses all your system's errors and gives you the most professional treatment. Thus you need not to take the pain to spend a large amount of money on fixing or reinstall Windows.

 
Program Features:

    Solid scan and fix - Completely scan the entire system and diagnose problems of the registry, privacy, junk files and system. Genuine Registry Doctor offers you a way to fix all the errors and optimize PC system.
    Multi-functional - A number of built-in utilities, such as Startup Manager, Disk Cleaner, File Pulverizer, etc.., Strongly enhance the performance of Genuine Registry Doctor. You just need one small free app to own all the useful functions.
    User-friendly - The very smooth download and installation, the clean and well-organized interface, the easy-to-understand navigation make-Genuine Registry Doctor extremely easy to handle even for the novices.
    100% free and safe - Genuine Registry Doctor would like to allow users to enjoy the free software, clean and safe PC environment. There is no adware, no spyware, no viruses in it, and it will never let you down.
    Automatic protection - Genuine Registry Doctor makes all its efforts to protect your PC and your privacy under real-time protection by its smart automatic scan and sweep function.


Installation Instructions

1. Run the setup(GenuineRegistryDoctor-Setup.exe) and install.
2. When installation done don't run the program.
3. Copy "GenuineRegistryDoctor.exe" and paste into install directory i.e "C:Program Files....." and replace the original.
4. Run the program.

How to find installation directory easy

(In "Desktop/Start Menu" Right click on "Program Icon" Click "Properties" In Shortcut Tab Click on "Find Target" and paste the "GenuineRegistryDoctor.exe" )


. Enjoy! ;)


*** Tuklu ***

[img]http://kastatic.com/i2/users/8ee82d025127bddd71bd81fa9d4a155d.gif[/img]