Lawyers, Guns & Money: The New Inquisition Sourcebook (Unknown Armies)
By Greg Stolze
Atlas Games | October 1999 | ISBN-10: 1887801782 | Pages: 128 | 15.8 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Lawyers-Guns-Money-Inquisition-Sourcebook/dp/1887801782

What do you get for the man who wants everything?
How about his own clandestine network of tricked-out magick-workers, cold-blooded psycho-killers, and that guy you knew in third grade who did trigonometry with frog's legs and always smelled like broccoli? Eccentric billionaire Alex Abel hired them, gave them new identities, and sent them into the occult underground to stir up trouble. If trouble is your middle name, The New Inquisition wants YOU!
This sourcebook by Unknown Armies co-creator Greg Stolze covers UA's biggest cabal like a snitch jacket: history, structure, high-tech equipment, magickal gear, sample agents, intelligence dossiers, secrets Alex Abel doesn't want you to know, and two missions that will smear your face across the walls of infinity if you aren't smarter, tougher, and weirder than the next guy. Psych up, punk, and get ready to get dangerous.
Its as hard-boiled as James Ellroy, cool as Chow Yun-Fat and as weird as David Lynch and Clive Barker on a bicycle built for one. Lawyers, Guns and Money brings fans back to the pulptastic world of Unknown Armies created by John Tynes and Greg Stolze. Focusing on the Occult Underground's favorite billionaire Alex Able and his New Inquisition. What You Get- L,G & M gives a good mix of NPCs, neat gadgets and adventure hooks. As well as a good information for starting a TNI (The New Inquizition) campign. As well as to full length adventures. Why You Want It- Because TNI is proably one of the easiest ways to intorduce your players to the UA setting. As well as providing one a great tragic Shakesperean villian (Able wants to make a better world but is willing to cross any line to get it)?. Critism- Its a good sourcebook if a little sparse, I guess its a good sign that UA books leave me wanting more. But I could definitely use something with a little more meat, in case my players supprise me.