Release Info:

O&O DiskImage 7: Maximum data security!
Regardless of whether at home or at work: The safety of your digital data is often overlooked these days, on the basis that “nothing ever happens to me”. Unfortunately, it can and often does! O&O DiskImage lets you create images of your entire computer or individual partitions while you work. If data loss occurs, your imaged data (files, folders, partitions) can be restored in no time at all – even if Windows is unable to start!
Image entire PCs, individual drives or files
The most reliable way to protect yourself against data loss is if you make regular backups of your data and the operating system and store it on an external storage medium. When backing up your PC, O&O DiskImage saves both personal files as well as drive information and individual settings. This not only protects irreplaceable files, such as family photos, vacation videos and office documents, but you also save yourself in the event of a crash the lengthy set up and reinstall of all the programs and the Windows operating system.
Regular images are a must
To make sure your backups are always up to date, we recommend that you perform regular backups at short intervals. You can automate this with O&O DiskImage, so that your data is backed up say once a week, for example, automatically and in the background.
Quick and easy restoration
If you have backed up individual drives, you can easily restore them over the user interface of O&O DiskImage under Windows. To restore an entire PC or the system partition you can run O&O DiskImage without installation directly from the boot media.
Machine independent restoration
The M.I.R. (Machine Independent Restoration) feature allows you to also restore or duplicate an entire PC or system partition on a computer whose hardware is different from the original machine, for instance, where you have changed hardware components on the target machine, or have bought a brand new PC and want to restore an old image onto it.
Restore files and folders
For restoring file backups, that only include files and folders, you can use most popular compression tools such as WinZIP – entirely independent from the O&O DiskImage program.
Imaging Features
Image an entire computer with the push of a button
Image system and data drives
Clone drives and entire disks
NEW: File backup: image and restore individual files and/or folders
NEW: Monitoring and warning of security risks
Image only used sectors
Incremental/differential images: backup only the changes
Forensic and Direct Forensic images
Save images to network drives
Time Schedule for automatic, regular images
Advanced burning on CD/DVD/Blu-ray/HD-DVD
Restoration Features
NEW: Now supports EFI/UEFI systems as well as BIOS
Easily restore files, folders, drives and disks
ENHANCED: Restoring onto different hardware (M.I.R.)
NEW: Boot media is based on Windows 7 (also compatible with Vista and XP)
Boot media contains extra system rescue tools
Direct restoration from virtual disks (VHD)
Tools
NEW: Create a boot CD from the program itself
NEW: Even simpler and quicker user interface
High-performance compression and encryption of images
Support for dynamic and GPT volumes
Exclude certain files and/or file types
Integration of data from ISO files
Check drives and images for errors
Works with Microsoft Virtual PC Disks (VHD)
Advanced report management and e-mail notifications
System requirements
Minimum requirements of the respective system
At least 1 GB RAM recommended
30 MB free hard disk space
32/64-bit Support
Windows® 8, 7, Vista®, and XP (all Editions)

