Official Web Site:  http://usa.autodesk.com/autocad/features/

CADCAM Design and shape the world around you with the powerful, flexible features in AutoCAD 2013 software, one of the worldΓÇÖs leading 2D and 3D CAD design tools. 

What's New:

Section and Details View

A new model documentation tab provides easier access to tools for creating Section and Details views. Choose from common section methods including Full, half, offset, and aligned. Specify circular or rectangular boundaries for detail views.

Strike-Thru Text

A new strikethrough style is provided for Mtext, Mleaders, Dimensions, Tables and ArcText offering increased flexibility for representing text in your documents.

Customization and Support File Sync

You can easily share and access your AutoCAD customization preferences and support files to travel with you as you move from one machine to the next.

Social Media Sharing

Share your AutoCAD designs with your social world using built-in connections for Facebook and Twitter.

Context Sensitive PressPull

The PressPull tool is enhanced to be more flexible and context sensitive. Now you can use the PressPull tool to extrude and offset curves, creating surfaces and solids.

Inventor File Import

Autodesk Inventor Fusion software adds to the 3D conceptual design capabilities of AutoCAD, enabling you to flexibly edit and validate models from almost any source.

Surface Curve Extraction

The new Surface Curve Extraction tool extracts isoline curves through a specified point on a surface or face of a solid.

Modern User Interaction

The AutoCAD user interface has been enhanced to provide a more seamless interaction with the software. YouΓÇÖll find a less intrusive, yet more flexible command line, additional contextual ribbon tabs, and more objects with multi-functional grips.
Property Edit Preview

You can dynamically and instantaneously preview changes to object properties before applying them. 

Simplified Migration to AutoCAD 2013

New and enhanced tools make it easier to migrate your custom settings or reset AutoCAD software to the default install settings.

System Requirements:

Apple Mac OS X v10.6.8, OS X v10.7.2 or later with 64-bit Intel processor
Apple Mac Pro 4.1 or later; MacBook Pro 5.1 or later (MacBook Pro 6.1 or later recommended); iMac 8.1 or later (iMac 11.1 or later recommended); Mac mini 3.1 or later (Mac mini 4.1 or later recommended); MacBook Air 2.1 or later; MacBook 5.1 or later (MacBook 7.1 or later recommended)
3 GB of RAM (4 GB recommended)
2.5 GB free disk space for download and installation (3 GB recommended)
All graphics cards on supported hardware
1,280 x 800 display with true color (1,600 x 1,200 with true color recommended)
All Mac OS X supported language operating systems
Apple Mouse, Apple Magic Mouse, Magic Trackpad, MacBook┬« Pro trackpad, or Microsoft-compliant mouse.
Mac OS X-compliant printer

--- PLEASE SEED ---