SKIDROW
the leading force

proudly presents
Dishonored (c) Bethesda Softworks

09-10-2012......Release Date Protection.................Steam
TFS................Game Type Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as a
supernatural assassin driven by revenge. With Dishonoreds flexible
combat system, creatively eliminate your targets as you combine the
supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal.
Pursue your enemies under the cover of darkness or ruthlessly attack
them head on with weapons drawn. The outcome of each mission plays out
based on the choices you make.

Dishonored is set in Dunwall, an industrial whaling city where strange
steampunk- inspired technology and otherworldly forces coexist in the
shadows. You are the once-trusted bodyguard of the beloved Empress.
Framed for her murder, you become an infamous assassin, known only by
the disturbing mask that has become your calling card. In a time of
uncertainty, when the city is besieged by plague and ruled by a corrupt
government armed with industrial technologies, dark forces conspire to
bestow upon you abilities beyond those of any common manbut at what
cost? The truth behind your betrayal is as murky as the waters
surrounding the city, and the life you once had is gone forever.

Features:

Improvise and Innovate
Approach each assassination with your own style of play. Use shadow and
sound to your advantage to make your way silently through levels unseen
by foes, or attack enemies head-on as they respond to your aggression.
The flexible combat system allows you to creatively combine your
abilities, supernatural powers and gadgets as you make your way through
the levels and dispatch your targets. Improvise and innovate to define
your play style.

Action with Meaning
The world of Dishonored reacts to how you play. Move like a ghost and
resist corruption, or show no mercy and leave a path of destruction in
your wake. Decide your approach for each mission, and the outcomes will
change as a result.

Supernatural Abilities
Teleport for stealth approaches, possess any living creature, or stop
time itself to orchestrate unearthly executions! Combining your suite
of supernatural abilities and weapons opens up even more ways to
overcome obstacles and eliminate targets. The games upgrade system
allows for the mastery of deadly new abilities and devious gadgets.

A City Unlike Any Other
Enter an original world envisioned by Half-Life 2 art director Viktor
Antonov. Arkane and Bethesda bring you a steampunk city where industry
and the supernatural collide, creating an atmosphere thick with
intrigue. The world is yours to discover.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Mount or burn image
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
4. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
5. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!