[Cult Classic] Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent (1957)

Directed by Roger Corman
Starring Abby Dalton

IMDb notes:

 A group of lonely Viking women build a ship and set off across the sea to locate their missing menfolk, only to fall into the clutches of the barbarians that also hold their men captive. There is a cameo appearance by the sea serpent. Written by Steven Otte <flagator@gate.net>

In the Viking era, somewhere in the North Atlantic area, the Viking Women are awaiting the return of their Viking Men from a hunting expedition and, growing tired of the long wait, the Viking women, led by Desir, (and, possibly desire as Viking Nights are long and cold), set sail in search of their Viking Men. In the course of the journey, their ship is destroyed and a handful (of the best-looking ones) are washed upon an island. There, they find their Viking Men, who are being kept prisoners in a large rock quarry by a primitive band of Viking-era Barbarian Warriors. With much resourcefulness, they rescue the men-folk and all set sail for Viking Land, pursued hotly by the Barbarian Warriors. But the pursuit party is destroyed by a Viking-era Sea Monster, who then turns its attentions upon the Viking Flotilla, but Vedrick the Viking tosses a sword at the Sea Monster, which instantly deflates it. Written by Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net>


My notes:

   I originally saw this years ago as a VHS rental in the store.  The old black and white box art showed all the Viking women including Abby Dalton.  I am old enough to remember her not from game shows but from a tv sitcom called Hennessey starring and directed by Jackie Cooper.  I never forgot it.  Time passes I was able to persude the local library to make the acquisition for their Cult Classics.

  On the DVD double bill is also Teenage Caveman starring Robert Vaught before he became Napoleon Solo:  The Man From The United Network Command For Law Enforcement (UNCLE).

  coming soon....


Notes written September 19th, 2012

