Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9
 
Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 helps you toΓÇª

 Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 users benefit from an efficient, quick and safe Windows maintenance as well as a large number of powerful and user-friendly tools which enable them to customize their Windows computer exactly according to their needs. In response to numerous customer requests, Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 offers two new powerful modules, Registry Defrag and HDD Inspector.
 
System maintenance with efficient cleaning and defragmentation
 One click and all unnecessary data are gone! The One-Click Optimizer enables a quick optimization and cleaning of the system with an especially configured call-up of the modules Drive Cleaner, Registry Optimizer and Internet Cleaner. Of course those modules can also be run separately and be customized according to individual requirements. Defrag 3 allows the defragmentation of hard disk drives on the basis of one of the latest most effective algorithms. This function can be launched on system startup and then runs in the background permanently. The new module Registry Defrag analyzes the Windows┬« Registry and defragments it for a quicker workflow and improved access to the registry

And much more.....

Requirements
 
Operating System:
 Windows XP, Windows Vista (32bit/64bit) and Windows 7 (32bit/64bit). 

Computer:
 Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a reasonable speed.
 

Main Memory (RAM):
 The size of the main storage is insignificant for the employment of the program. We refer to the recommendations of the operating system in use from Microsoft. 

Hard Drive Space:
 90 MB for the program files plus some additional space for backup files.

 Other:
 Full administrative rights are required to use the program.
 
Homepage: https://www.ashampoo.com/en/usd/pin/3306/System_Utilities/Ashampoo-WinOptimizer-9/Overview 

Installation Instructions: 

1. Install Program. (During installation select custom installation and uncheck automatic updates.)
2. Run "regme" file and merge it (use "regme"as per system installed 32 or 64 bit)
3. Done, Enjoy.
 