- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                                                   
                                              
                                           
                                          
                                         
                                   
                                   
                                   
                             
                                      
                          
                        
                      
                    
                      
                       
                      
                   
                     
                     
                           
                                     
                                   
                                    
                                   
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                           
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                                 
                        -W4F Releasing TV since 2002-                  
                                          
                                     
                                   
          
            
       
    
                            Proudly Presents

      UEFA.Champions.League.Extra.Time.2012.10.23.720p.HDTV.x264-W4F

  RELEASE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
   Release Date    2012.10.24                                           
   Air Date        2012.10.23                                           
   Genre           Sports Football                                      
                                                                        
 

  EPiSODE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
  Matchday Three Matt Smith is joined by Gordon Strachan and Philippe   
  Auclair to present action from this evening's matchday three          
  fixtures, including Manchester United v SC Braga at Old Trafford,     
  Shakhtar Donetsk v Chelsea at the Donbass Arena and Barcelona v       
  Celtic at the Nou Camp. While United will have expected to claim      
  three points in front of their own fans, the Blues and the Bhoys      
  faced difficult tasks away from home. With commentary by Clive        
  Tyldesley, Peter Drury, Joe Speight and Steve Bower.                  
                                                                        
  Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                        
 

  W4F GROUP NEWS 
                                                      
                                                                        
  W4F is one of the oldest TV Scene groups and releases a diverse mix   
  of quality TV programming including sports, documentaries, scripted,  
  reality, talk shows and other quality content that may be overlooked  
  by other groups. We release purely for fun and to share programming   
  we like with the world.                                               
                                                                        
  W4F is a global group interested in spreading quality programming     
  from around the world to the internet. If you are passionate about    
  your country's TV content, feel it is unrepresented and want to share 
  it with the world please feel free to contact us. We are interested   
  in all television markets with a focus on English content from the    
  USA, Canada, Australia and Europe. Potential recruits will preferably 
  have the ability to receive digital TV broadcasts and some knowledge  
  of digital capturing.                                                 
                                                                        
  From time to time we are also interested in hearing from site         
  owners who are interested in affiliating W4F. We are looking for      
  private links with archives.                                          
                                                                        
  W4F has nothing to do with torrents/p2p so don't ask about that!      
                                                                        
                     Email: w4fcrew@gmail.com                           
                                                                        
    Greets to all W4F/CLASSiCW4F members, both past and present. :)