A cheerfully blasphemous offering from Ron Sullivan aka "Henri Pachard", shot simultaneously with the hilarious ODDEST COUPLE starring much of the same cast.

According to some versions of the Bible, Lilith was Adam's first wife, cast from the Garden of Eden because of her wanton ways, expressed through her consorting with Satan...or in this case Lucifer, well-played by current director Paul Thomas. Several millennia later, Lilith (an excellent performance from the massively underrated Tish Ambrose) finds herself locked up in an asylum with just a doll house for company. She seduces her Dudley Do-Right doctor (Robert Bullock), shrinking him to doll-size in the process. Yep, you read that right ! She puts him in her doll house and checks into a motel run by intentionally outrageous Jewish stereotypes Ron Jeremy and Tasha Voux. Lil gives 'em the same treatment. A short-tempered wannabe dominatrix (a hilarious turn from rarely seen Charlie Latour) and a newly married couple (the adorably silly Siobhan Hunter and stalwart Joey Silvera) follow suit. But the Big Guy Upstairs is having none of this...

Although from the latter-day Golden Age, this movie's a good example for the uninitiated of what that mythical era was all about. The screenplay progresses logically and is brimming with sidesplitting one-liners, most of which you'd be hesitant to quote in polite conversation. The cinematography is creative and there's a toe-tappingly cheesy soundtrack to boot. People here may be less attractive than those found in present day porn (excepting a very youthful Barbara Dare, billed as Kim Wilde, and perhaps the leggy Hunter), but they could act rings around most of the current talent. Sex scenes are for most part comedic, not just intended for arousal, the best bits being a vigorous three-way workout involving Ambrose, Hunter and Silvera and the devious Lilith's initial luring of her ill-fated medic. Sullivan keeps the pace moving at breakneck speed, with a bit too much babbling from Jeremy and Bullock in the doll house sequences though. And just when you think you've got this movie pegged as an over the top farce, Sullivan throws you off with a hauntingly sad coda. Oh yeah, just to give you a sample of the director's sense of humor, he plays duelling cameos as the asylum's sarcastic orderly and, er, God ? 