Crimea State Medical University (CSMU) is attested according to the highest (the fourth) Level of accreditation. Crimea State Medical University ranks third among all Medical Universities in Ukraine & the higher medical schools in ukraine and university in ukraine of the 4th accreditation level according to the last world ranking list of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine.The University activities confirm with The Constitution of Ukraine, Official Ukrainian legislation, acts issued by the President and the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, Decrees of the Health Department and Education Department of Ukraine, the University Rules.

Throughout these years the medical school of crimea has been a center for academic and vocational medical education in ukraine and medical science in the Crimea at the same time offering specialized consultation in the directions General Medicine and Pharmacy.

Today it is an up-to-date medical educational institution upgrading itself to keep abreast of global trends in medical education in europe and research, developing its intellectual potential and providing top specialists for medical services. The Medical University of Simferopol has always been striving for excellence in teaching and research.

To enhance the quality of medical education the consecutive model of medical education has been created at the Crimea State Medical University: the preparatory department, preparatory courses and medical lyceum; 5 faculties to train doctors and a faculty of post-diploma education.

Junior specialists and bachelors are trained in the specialities: Nursing, Prosthetic Dentistry, Pharmacy; doctors, in the specialities: General Medicine, Pediatrics, Clinical Pharmacy and Dentistry. Internship is available in 22 specialities. Post-diploma education includes residency, Master’s program and postgraduate study or Ph.D program. Refresher courses in 48 specialities are available at the faculty of post-diploma education.

The Crimea Medical University has elaborated a holistic approach as to the organizational, scientific and methodological aspects of the educational process. The clinical departments are provided with all the necessary equipment and demonstration aids: educational films, moulages, phantoms, diagnostic inventory - everything has been done for the educational process to meet the modern requirements. It is particularly important nowadays when the University has actively started the transformation of educational process according to the Bologna system.

The Medical University is constantly a leader in the rating among the Ukrainian higher medical schools & Medical University In Ukraine , Medical University in Europe & Russia  according to the results of the state licensed exams “STEP-M”, “STEP-1”, “STEP-2”, “STEP-3”. The University is particularly proud of its highly qualified academic staff, which totals 850 persons: 99 Doctors of Science, Professors, and 356 Candidates of Science (Ph.D. holders), Associate Professors. 40 University professors are academicians and corresponding members of domestic and foreign Academies of Sciences; 14 are State Prize laureates, 60 have honorary titles.

About 4.7 thousand students study at the Crimea State Medical University named after S. I. Georgievsky, including 1.7 thousand foreign citizens from 40 countries of the world.

Since 1999 English has been the second language of instruction, which makes CSMU attractive for foreign citizens coming here to study. For the constant development of cooperation with foreign countries and high quality of education the University was awarded the title of laureate in the rating of Ukrainian higher schools “Sofia Kievskaya – 2004”.