ParetoLogic PC Health Advisor
 
There are so many ways for your computer to slow down and lose performance power. Until now, optimizing your PC by addressing each of these factors took advanced technical knowledge, a variety of complex tools, and plenty of your time. Now, there is ParetoLogic PC Health Advisor.
 
This innovative software boasts a comprehensive suite of tools to optimize, clean, maintain and even protect your computer. It easily fixes common errors that can plague your computer and clears away files that clutter and slow down your system. PC Health Advisor is no regular utility program.
 
NEW! The latest version of PC Health Advisor includes these exciting new benefits and features:

 -Customize it for Your Needs
 
PC Health Advisor has so many great tools that each user is going to have their favourites. You can now pick which tools are at your fingertips, by customizing the "Home" screen. As well, you can easily choose components you would like scanned: drivers, processes, registry and privacy.
 
-Improved Privacy
 
Always seeking to serve all computer users, the ParetoLogic team is pleased that PC Health Advisor now has improved Chrome browser support so that it can delete all of the associated privacy files.
 
-At Your Service
 
We are here to help! If your PC cannot open a file, PC Health Advisor will automatically launch. Then, with the handy File Extension Manager, you can search for the software to open that particular file extension.
 
-Alerting You
 
PC Health Advisor keeps track of the health of your computer. If disk defragging is needed to boost speed and performance, PC Health Advisor will automatically notify you of this important information.
 
System Requirements:

 Windows 7/vista/xp (32 and 64 bit)
 
Homepage: http://www.paretologic.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Run application, use given serial to register.
4. Done, Enjoy.
 