English | CBR | 7 Issues

Shadowman v1 #0-6
Publisher:  Valiant
Publication Date:  May - October 1992 and April 1994

Writers:  Jim Shooter and Steve Englehart
Artist:  David Lapham
Inker:  Bob Layton

Fate fixates on musician Jack Boniface one night as he plays his saxophone for a packed jazz bar deep in the heart of New Or-leans. A successful musician and hopeless romantic, Jack dreams of a record deal… but until then is happy to realize that a beautiful woman named Lydia has been coming to the bar every night to watch him play. That night they leave the bar together.

They go to her place where they drink and start to make love until Jack begins to feel funny. As he succumbs to the effects of the drugs in his drink, he falls asleep believing this is his last moment on Earth. In the morning he wakes to find Lydia gone. Jack seems to be fine except for a strange mark on his neck, realizing he was an intended victim.

Later that night, Jack stalks the streets compelled by an urge to hunt Lydia down and take revenge. He finds a discarded carnival mask on the street and, inexplicably drawn to it, picks it up.

Jack hears the cries of a woman being assaulted in a back alley. Investigating the screams, he sees a man who is twice his size and has two huge knives drawn.

He attacks the man. He finds that he has almost supernatural abilities – he is quicker and stronger than his opponent – and the would-be criminal bolts.

Jack’s housekeeper Nettie, a voodoo practitioner, senses the change in Jack. She explains that something evil in the night ripped open the doorway to his soul. Now, whenever shadows fall, his soul comes out, takes over... and goes hunting. “In Voodoo talk, ‘shadow’ means soul,” Nettie says. “You the Shadowman.”

Nettie feels the presence of a “Loa,” or spirit, named Bosou Koblamin in Jack. Bosou has become Jack’s “Maît-tête,” the Loa who stands for him. Nettie tells him that some ignorant people think Bosou is evil, but that it’s not true. “He has fire in him, yes, but it’s rage against evil.” Bosou isn’t “riding” (possessing) Jack. Just helping him.

Nettie makes Jack a shirt—something proper, she says, for the Shadowman. It has the image of his soul stepping out and three spikes of light piercing the darkness—just like Bosou’s three horns. It’s Jack’s destiny, says Nettie. Even if it doesn’t fit in the world he believes in.

Putting on the mask, Jack roams the streets until he comes across two thugs trying to rob an old man. Jack finds himself strong and fast, taking the robbers down with ease. The night is his. It’s his job to rid the night of those who defile it. Now he understands…

Dead bodies start piling up in New Orleans but these dead bodies have been reanimated and are found running, ranting, and raving with blood pouring from their orifices before they collapse and die. The public dubs them “Bloodrunners.”

Jack looks into the deaths with his friend Marty, who double crosses him and takes Jack to a fearsome albino necromancer named Master Darque, the man behind the Bloodrunners. Darque turns the Bloodrunners on Jack, but Shadowman takes over and he escapes.

In the escape, Master Darque takes some of Jack’s hair, and with it is able to resurrect one of the fallen men as a zombie and send him after Jack. With Jack’s hair, even more sinister magic is possible…

Jack begins to wonder where he ends and Shadowman be-gins. At night, when the spirit takes over, Jack is fearless and powerful. His newfound supernatural abilities grow with each passing night.

Jack was never a fighter, but now he finds himself prowling the night and protecting the city. The spirit within him is making Jack into a hero… but during the day, when Jack is his regular self, he worries.

Jack is confronted by Master Darque who wishes to recruit Jack, in return offering to make his deepest desire a reality. All he has to do is wish it so. Before he can speak a decision, Jack is knocked out. The next day he learns that a music agent wants to sign him.

He also seems to be getting more powerful with each Bloodrunner death. The next day, Jack hears his song on a car radio for the first time. Initially ecstatic, he soon feels the urge to run and realizes that he belongs to Darque.

With the help of the Loa, Jack overcomes Darque’s power. He finds himself among hun-dreds of Darque’s followers assembled in the Louisiana bayou. Thankfully, it’s night… As Shadowman, Jack disrupts the ritual before Darque can complete it but Darque still claims the lives and energy of the hundreds of people gathered, giving him enough power to last for years. But now he has found a true nemesis in Shadowman.