S  K  I  D  R  O  W 

.the leading force. 



proudly presents 

Sniper Elite V2 (c) Rebellion 



02-05-2012....Release Date - Protection...............SteamCEG 

FPS..............Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD 



RELEASE NOTES 



Sniper Elite V2 is the eagerly-awaited sequel to the highly-acclaimed 

Sniper Elite, giving gamers the most authentic World War II sniping 

experience available. You are elite US sniper Karl Fairburne. 

Parachuted into Berlin amidst the Germans final stand, your mission is 

to prevent Nazi V2 rocket program technology from falling into the 

hands of the besieging Red Army. You must aid key scientists keen to 

defect to the US, and terminate those who would help the Russians. 



Take advantage of authentic weaponry, learn how to stalk your targets, 

fortify your position, set up the shot, use your skill, patience and 

cunning to achieve your mission. Stealth gameplay is the key as you 

find yourself trapped between two desperate armies in a race against 

time. Watch as the celebrated "bullet cam" from Sniper Elite returns, 

bloodier and more gruesome than ever - skilful shots are rewarded with 

a slow-motion flight of the bullet, then targets are graphically 

rendered in X-Ray as the bullet enters and destroys your victim. Organs 

shred, bones splinter, teeth shatter, as the true impact of the 

sniper's bullet is brought to life. 



As World War Two ends and the Cold War begins, every shot counts. Use 

it wisely. 



Features: 



Sniping Simulation - Sniper Elite V2 features detailed sniping 

simulation with advanced ballistics, taking into account gravity, wind, 

velocity, bullet penetration, aim stability and more. Guaranteed to 

provide players with the most realistic simulation of military 

sharpshooting yet available. 



X-Ray Kill Cam - Amazing "kill cam" technology showcases what really 

happens when a bullet enters an enemys body, allowing players to see 

hearts and lungs tear, livers burst, and bones shatter. 



Authenticity - The game features authentic World War II Berlin 

locations as well as vehicles, weapons such as the Springfield M1903 

the Gewehr 43 and the Mosin-Nagant 1891/30, and uniforms modeled after 

the original versions. 



Use the Environment - The slightest changes in the environment need to 

be taken into account to move into the perfect position, observe the 

quarry, take the shot and slip away unnoticed. 



Sniper's Choice - Players will often find themselves facing a choice of 

the perfect shot that leaves them catastrophically exposed or a more 

difficult route that means they can continue their mission. 



INSTALL NOTES 



1. Unpack the release  

2. Install 

3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation 

4. Play the game 

5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy 
