 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100530/

from HDTV source file

1280 X 544 video res at 1100k bitrate H.264 DivX Hd MKV, 192k audio 
 
Our other posted HD versions (higher-resolution video by the way, for this 
movie)may feature a secondary Russian and/or German French Italian audio tracks
too

Lovely theme music mp3 also included

SRT subtitles included for Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French,
German, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Serbian, Spanish, Swedish, 
English template incl


Please note that this particular movie has much of its nuances and sensibilities
conveyed in the particular expressions in the vernacular of the English language 
that expressions come from now and then that makes a lot of meaning which is lost 
in translation. As such it is going to only be mainly appreciated I suspect by 
those that are fluent enough in English to follow along the British dialogue in 
the movie without too much difficulty as it were, despite several language 
offerings of it for you additionally here. Furthermore I would like to
add (if you will allow me the indulgence, as it were) that I note that
no other language offers the precision of English in the doing of justice
to what would be any writers fullest intent - with any material I should think
other than what would be conveyed in the language of mathematics itself perhaps!
That's why I advocate for English as a common bridge for all mankind in all
common forums. 

Russia House comes from a brilliant piece of writing by John Le Carre. 

It is a message for the uniting of human beings in a common cause - survival of
those that deserve to be free to follow their conscience and place the welfare of 
the human race above political considerations or loyalties that are limited in 
vision as a result particularly perhaps of a brand of bigotry of sorts - that
caliber that tends to breed nationalism above humanism of the best spirit in fact.

The message of the movie is that the Russian woman that is played by Michelle 
Pfeiffer so beautifully is a woman for whom we must be prepared to stake our 
futures altogether. We must be as much for her as we are for anyone else on this 
earth. That is the decision that Sean Connery's character makes in this movie in
his bid to assure that mutual deterrence is at least maintained so as to secure 
Russia against those that might strike her without just cause. This is his 
response to being asked to be a "decent human being" by the Russian character in
the movie that is his source of intelligence in the provision of possible secret 
information of great value in fact. There is after all no greater cause for which 
we might choose to live than to preserve Michelle Pfeiffer from all that would 
threaten her in what would be a carnage of the human spirit. Sean Connery's 
character is therefore acting in good conscience for us all in making our world a 
better place to be based on good sense alone. She additionally certainly inspired 
romantic love and passion and no doubt this factors in for Connery's character in 
the movie additionally.

It was sad to see how little Russia was aided in its drive towards democracy and a
free economy at a time when help was most needed. This is something that shouldn't 
escape notice as it suggests that we do not at present follow the best advice on 
the world stage for lack of leadership that has true and real wisdom as is the
sort demonstrated by taking the message of this movie to heart. It is my most 
sincere hope and desire that this will in fact change and soon and indeed forever 
more. The Russians are uniquely beautiful in Europe in what is both - physical
and spiritual European beauty of the true Irish spirited hearts!

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo	