
MathAudio Pack

MathAudio software corrects the acoustic imperfections of speakers, headphones, earphones, microphones and pickups


MathAudio Microphone Corrector VST 1.4.6

   Converts the sound of any microphone into the sound of any other microphone.
   Ensures unprecedented accuracy of the replication. Listen to the sound samples.
   Automatically compares microphones and generates correction algorithms. Averaged models of microphones are not used because every microphone is unique and requires a unique correction algorithm.
   Converts a pair of identical (same model) microphones into a matched pair of microphones for stereo recording.
   Ensures verifiable quality replication. Turn your medium quality microphone into a replica of a high quality microphone and compare the sounds immediately.
   Corrects both amplitude and phase components of the microphone frequency response.
   Applies a patented method of microphone correction which ensures maximum similarity between the sound of the reference microphone and the sound of the target microphone.

Platforms: Windows 7/Vista/XP



MathAudio Pickup Corrector VST 1.3.6

   Corrects the sound of pickups of musical instruments to make the signal spectrum similar to the signal spectrum of your favorite microphone. Listen to the sound samples.
   Allows sound recording in a relatively noisy environment because pickups are less sensitive to noisy environments than microphones.
   Contains an optional "Air" feature which simulates the sound reflections that are usually present in microphone signals.
   Applies a patented method of pickup correction which is applicable to a variety of pickups, including piezo pickups, magnetic pickups and mic pickups.

Platforms: Windows 7/Vista/XP



MathAudio Auto EQ VST 2.2.0

   Corrects acoustic imperfections of speakers, headphones and earphones.
   Corrects deficiencies of room acoustics (multipoint compensation).
   Corrects both amplitude and phase components of frequency response.
   Quells resonance peaks of frequency response while leaving the deep notches to prevent large excursions of the speaker diaphragm. Avoids the muddy sound of conventional linearizing equalizers.
   Contains built-in frequency responses of ideal speakers, headphones and earphones and uses them as references.
   Allows drawing one's own reference frequency response.
   Allows correction of more than two speakers simultaneously by means of loading multiple instances of the plug-in and using different correction files in each instance.
   Manually adjustable level of compensation allows one to reach the maximum transparency of the sound.
   Perfect for use with standard measurement microphones. Even a cheap measurement microphone like Behringer ECM8000 ensures the accuracy of +/- 2 dB which is enough for professional musical applications.
   A patented method of the frequency response correction ensures maximum accuracy of the compensation.

Platforms: Windows 7/Vista/XP


MathAudio Drawing EQ 1.0.1

   Allows drawing the necessary frequency response by a single movement of the mouse.
   Ensures more freedom for experimenting with different curve shapes than conventional spline equalizers.
   Allows working with a chosen frequency band without affecting neighbouring frequency bands.
   Permits both simultaneous and independent editing of the stereo channels.
   Operates either in minimum phase (zero latency) mode, or in linear phase mode.
   Includes a real-time Spectrum Analyzer.
   Supports Undo and Redo operations.
   Changes the frequency response in a wide range of +/- 20 dB.
   Applies 64-bit signal path throughout.
   Adapted to all sampling rates above 40 kHz.
   Includes a clipping indicator and a volume control.


Platforms: Windows 7/Vista/XP


INSTALLATION

• Uninstall previous versions.

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Install
         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!
