

Release info:


Kolor Autopano Giga optimizer software professionals to build panoramic images, virtual tours and photographs is a Gygapyksly. Combined in a 360-degree photos, save them into Flash virtual tours, link the tours together, and many other features make this software will have. The image resolution is important to you
Shape recognition. Autopano Giga is the only software that can combine the images lighting and color balance of the image is correct. You can change these options manually or use the automatic mode. You can also choose the source picture to the lighting and color of the other images on it are set. Adobe ┬« Lens Profile calibration parameters supports other useful features of the software. So you automatically, distortion and can correct abnormalities of color and shades. corrected automatically during capture of moving objects are important features . Often happens when shooting a moving person or vehicle. In this case there will be spooky photos with Autopano Giga, you can make them even more photos Gygapyksly ??solve.
eatures software Kolor Autopano Giga:
photo color correction. 
delete mode ghostly movement of equipment and people in the photograph. 
supports motorized panoramic heads. 
outlet into Flash virtual tours. 
lenses FishEye. 
's interface is beautiful and simple. 
combining automatic photo News. 
supports combining images HDR. 
supports thousands of photo formats. 
managed to render a batch of photos. 
supports multi-core processors.


Source:

credit goes to EAT for the keygen (Thanks)

GREETS TO:    
All cracking groups and ppl working hard           
  who bring quality releases, friends,               
  supporters & all reverse engineering              
 related boards!                                     
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO:                 
                                                          
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh     
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and              
 all other talented groups out there.

Install:
1.Run the setup file
2.Run from Desktop Shortcut
3.Active software using the key.


Screen Shot:
 
http://www.gfxtra.com/uploads/posts_images/1/7/176931/c85192dad71a3c57684912978890db84.jpg