Nite Spot Blues~Hot Western Swing from the Southwest 1929-1941 (Krazy Kat) [FLAC] {MKOP}

This collection fills in the gaps left by Krazy Kat's previous compilations, Diggin' (KK 24) and Jitterbug Jive (KK 19). Most of these tracks come from the '30s when Western swing was at its most vital. Although a good collection, it is obviously targeted toward folks who are already converts to the genre. It does not concern itself with presenting the best and the brightest, but with giving a good overview of the state of the music during those years. Thus, if one is trying to turn someone onto Western swing, one would be better off having them listen to a good Bob Wills or Milton Brown compilation. When there are 28 tracks to fill, it's not easy to come up with selections of equal quality. Therefore, this is not as energetic and involving as earlier compilations from Rambler (Hot as I Am, Devil with the Devil, Texas Sand). However, this CD is sure to please hardcore fans. It includes rare tracks from transcriptions and acetates that would be otherwise hard to find. Most importantly, it does not leave you hanging by including tracks from obscure groups and not telling you any information about them. Nite Spot Blues has 27 pages of liner notes, band photos, session rosters and a detailed bibliography. One might need a score sheet to keep track of the shifting personnel, but record hounds always prefer a surfeit of information to a dirth. ~Megan Lynch (Allmusic)

01. Mama's Gone Goodbye - Bob Dunn's Vagabonds
02. Boojie Woo Blues - Ross Rhythm Rascals
03. Jitterbug Katy - Ocie Stockard & His Wanderers
04. Soldier Boy Stomp - Lew Preston & His Men Of The Range
05. Let Me Bring It To Your Door - Shelly Lee Alley & His Alley Cats
06. Wanderer's Stomp - The Wanderers
07. There's Gonna Be No Me To Welcome You - Ross Rhythm Rascals
08. Cheatin' On Me - Jimmy Hart & His Merrymakers
09. Come On And Swing Me - Adolph Hofner & His Texans
10. Sluefoot On The Levee - Light Crust Doughboys
11. Swing Baby Swing - Blue Ridge Playboys
12. Keep Your Nose Out Of Daddy's Business - Blue Ridge Playboys
13. June Tenth Blues - The Three Virginians
14. Nite Spot Blues - Universal Cowboys
15. Tell Me Dear (Don't You Care) - Dickie McBride & The Village Boys
16. Never Slept Last Night - Modern Mountaineers
17. Polecat Stomp - Leon Pappy Selph & His Blue Ridge Playboys
18. Must I Hesitate? (The Hesitation Blues) - Bill Boyd's Cowboy
19. Tea For Two - Light Crusts Doughboys
20. Waitin' At The End Of The Road - Texas Wanderers
21. I'm Still In Love With You - Shelly Lee Alley & His Alley Cats
22. Ben Wheeler Stomp - Leon's Lone Star Cowboys
23. Blues - Alabama Boys
24. Frankie & Johnny - Alabama Boys
25. Mama Don't Allow - Alabama Boys
26. Jo Jo - Texas Wanderers
27. Goin' Up To Dallas - Leon's Lone Star Cowboys
28. Bugle Call Rag - Light Crust Doughboys

 Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders