Marianne (2011) DVDR(xvid) NL Subs DMT
Zweden
Horror / Thriller
100 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1756615/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/74517

geregisseerd door Filip Tegstedt
met Thomas Hedengran, Peter Stormare en Tintin Anderzon

Eva, de vrouw van de 45-jarige Krister, is pasgeleden omgekomen bij een auto-ongeluk. Hij is nu 
alleen met zijn 18-jarige dochter Sandra, die de pest aan hem heeft. Sandra heeft een dochtertje 
van 6 maanden waar hij niet goed voor weet te zorgen. 's Nachts wordt Krister geteisterd door 
nachtmerries over zaken die gebeurd zijn tijdens de nacht waarin Eva stierf. De pijn die hij bij Sandra 
veroorzaakt heeft, door een lange tijd geen onderdeel te zijn geweest van haar leven, zit hem ook 
dwars. In zijn nachtmerries ziet hij een vrouw die gekleed is in het groen. Ze is op wraak uit. Maar wie 
is deze vrouw?

The life of Krister has become an unending nightmare, ever since his wife's death. There seems to be 
no respite for this man, tormented by the errors of his past and held prisoner by a grim daily 
existence. Not only must he raise his newborn child alone, he must also contend with the mood 
swings of his older daughter Sandra, a rebellious youth harbouring deep animosity towards her 
father, blaming him for all the ills that have befallen the family. Faced with such difficult 
circumstances, Krister is slowly losing his grip on himself, which threatens the teaching career he 
exhibits a waning interest in. The mental health of this damaged man is deteriorating and those 
around him have reason to be concerned. Especially because, for some time now, Krister has been 
plagued by night terrors, his fitful slumber intruded upon by a mysterious woman with dark designs
 on him. He initially believes these visions are a symptom of serious post-traumatic shock. Krister 
does, after all, have a number of skeletons in his closet that gnaw at his conscience. It gradually 
becomes evident that this nocturnal visitor may be supernatural. Whether or not anyone believes it, 
he knows that a creature from folklore has placed a curse on him. And now, true calamity will 
descend on Krister and those close to him.

Source: DVD5 Retail
Size: 1.03 GB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1431 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  700 x 376
Frames/s: 29.970 Fps
Audio:  Swedisch
Audio Code: AC3
Bitrate: 128  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken/hardcoded)
Genre:  Horror / Thriller

Deze review wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER

