Football Manager Handheld™ 2013 puts you in the hot-seat and allows you to put your managerial skills to the test wherever, whenever and however you want.

Take the hot-seat at any club from a choice of leagues in 14 countries, and assume full control of transfers, training, tactics and managing your team live during matchdays as you strive for glory and silverware.

Whether it be in commute-sized bursts, or on-the-sofa marathons, there’s an experience for everyone as you can choose between a full career or face up to the popular ‘Challenge Mode’, which offers a series of particular short-term scenarios with a clear goal to be achieved.

Whichever mode is chosen, you’ll deal with real-life situations involving real players, as researched by Sports Interactive’s huge global scouting network.

Making their full debut this year in FMH13 are in-app purchases. These optional extras are available in both game modes and allow you the opportunity to instantly do things such as expanding your stadium or attract a wealthy ‘Sugar Daddy’ chairman for a small fee. You can also purchase fresh new challenges in Challenge Mode.

Features:
Fully up-to-date league/player/competition data to football season 2012/13.
Player photos now included for licensed leagues.
New playable leagues – Northern Ireland / Republic of Ireland.
Player comparison & form updates.
Media / news / match improvements.
The 14 countries with playable leagues in Football Manager Handheld for Android are Australia, Belgium, Brazil, England, France, Germany, Holland, Italy, Northern Ireland, Portugal, Republic of Ireland, Scotland, Spain and Wales.
The game can be played in four languages; English, French, Italian and Spanish.

Football Manager Handheld for Android has been designed for Android devices using OS 2.2 and above (please check on the Google Play store for a full list of compatible devices). For further information please go to www.sigames.com or www.footballmanager.com

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


Install APK
Copy 'fmh2013_data' folder to 'sdcard/'
Launch the Game