Rejseholdet dvd 5 Multisubs Retail

Hoofdpersoon Charlotte Fich - Igrid Dahl, Hoofd Moordzaken
Mads Mikkelsen - Allan Fischer
Lars Brygmann - Thomas la Cour
Waage Sandø - Jens Peter "IP" Jørgensen
Erik Wedersøe - Ulf Thomsen
Trine Pallesen - "Gabrielle" Gaby Levin
Lars Bom - Johnny Olsen

Episode 14 Assistance Reporting A-30/00
overhears a local police shootings. A teenage girl comes running towards them screaming
"They will murder me, they are going to murder me". The female police officer found the
body of Irana and Fashad Adavi in ​​the apartment of Osmand and Leyla bleak. The reason for
the murder is considered a matter of honor as he explains that according Osmand Fashad
probably has Yasemin, the daughter of Osmand and Leyla being raped. The son, Dennis,
shoot supposedly Fashad if he refuses to marry Yasemin. 

Episode 15-Assistance Reporting A-31/00, del 1
The body of 10-year-old is found in a creek in the woods just outside Hellebæk. No
description of the missing boy. La Cour dreams of a bag that can be found at the port and
has the exact same device as in La Cours dream. A social license of the bag reveals the
boy to Martin Simonsen. DNA samples indicate that the killer has already murdered a boy.
La Cour talking to a conductor from Odense, Andersen Claus Munk, who claims that he saw
the boy. But a vision and research of other witnesses, Andersen is taken into custody. 

Episode 16-Assistance Reporting A-31/00, del 2
La Cour is taken into custody and is ordered home to Copenhagen. In the meantime, the
research team contacts Karin Andersen's sister who tells them that the man who Andersen
visited the night he was murdered and had intercourse with him probably Sonny, a local
male prostitute. Fischer is sent to the container, where he was a garbage bag that
Andersen's diary about the murdered boys and Cliff "Sonny" Jensen, who Andersen raised to
prostitution and lent to his friends find contains contains. 
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rejseholdet


[img]http://img708.imageshack.us/img708/589/blacksam3.jpg[/img]