ImTOO iPhone Contacts Transfer 

Backup and restore iPhone contacts - Transfer contacts directly from iPhone to computer and restore contacts data in need 
Support for transferring contacts on iCloud.
 Export iPhone contacts to CSV or vCard files which can be imported to online address books including: Google, Yahoo, Outlook, Windows, Apple Address Book, Hotmail and etc 
Import/Sync various contact cards onto your iPhone from Address Book programs and other phones: Nokia, Blackberry, Android phone, Windows phone and etc
 Contact information management: sort, delete, save contact pictures to computer 
Excellent and clean interface makes contact transferring a breeze 


Take control of your iPhone’s contacts with the new ImTOO iPhone Contacts Transfer! Import/export contacts directly from/to popular Address Book programs, transfer contacts between different iOS devices and other mobile phones, back up your iPhone contacts for ultimate safety, and restore iPhone contacts in case of accidental deletion.

 ImTOO iPhone Contacts Transfer is packed full of scintillating features that will allow you to enjoy great security and safety. You can also use this program to completely update and be in sync of various online address books including Google Contacts, Yahoo Address Books, Outlook, Windows Address Books and so forth by introducing the CSV and vCard(.vcf) files exported from the program. Contact information management functions are provided: sort contacts the way you want, delete any contact item, save the pictures of contacts to your local computer and etc.
 

System Requirements
 
OS : Microsoft® Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
 Processor : 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
 RAM : 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
 Free Hard Disk : 100MB space for installation
 Graphics Card : Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher
 
Homepage:
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application with any name.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 