DVDFab 8 Qt
 
Overview of DVDFab All-In-One
 
DVDFab All-In-One includes all DVDFab options in it: DVD Copy, DVD Ripper, Blu-ray Copy, Blu-ray Ripper, Blu-ray to DVD, 2D to 3D Converter, Blu-ray 3D Ripper, DVD Creator, Blu-ray Creator, Video Converter, and File Transfer. 
It is the ultimate solution for you to freely copy, rip, convert, burn, clone any DVD/Blu-ray as desired regarding no limit from any copy protections; convert 2D DVD/Blu-ray/video to 3D video; convert video among various formats with outstanding audiovisual effect, and simply transfer converted files to iPod, Zune, and PSP. All these can be finished with ease, convenience, flexibility in just a few clicks at a super fast speed.
 Purchasing this versatile package will save you at least more than 291 US dollars for 1 year subscription, and even more for a longer time.
 
A Versatile and Complete Combination of All DVDFab Products
 
A Versatile Combo
 
-DVDFab All-In-One is a versatile combo with all the current DVDFab products in it: DVD Copy, DVD Ripper, Blu-ray Copy, Blu-ray Ripper, Blu-ray to DVD Converter, 2D to 3D Converter, Blu-ray 3D Ripper, DVD Creator, Blu-ray Creator, Video Converter, and File Transfer.
 
-Complete and Full Features
 This all-in-one package is never a simple version of just some products bundled up with a few functionalities picked out. Instead, it is definitely a perfect integration of all DVDFab products with all full features.
 
-Money Saving Package
 Purchasing DVDFab All-In-One doesn't only mean that you own all the robust functions and neat features of all DVDFab products, it also means that you can save more than 291 US dollars for 1 year subscription at least, and more than 490 US dollars for lifetime to the maximum.
 
Supported OS:
 
Windows 7/Vista/XP(32-bit/64-bit) 

Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program, Don't run application also don't restart PC 
2. Copy content from crak folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Restart PC, Run Application, Done, Enjoy