Pat Martino Quartet - Undeniable

Long before he became a world renowned jazz guitarist, Pat Martino was a sideman in small combos that prominently featured the Hammond B-3 organ. He has never lost his affection for that particular group dynamic so here Martino sounds perfectly content enhancing the rhythm section's soulful thrust while, at the same time, his post-bop, minor mode improvising is sleek and precise. 

A live recording with the full-throated tenor sax of Eric Alexander, drummer Jeff 'Tain' Watts and Tony Monaco keeping the Hammond B-3 pedals to the metal, 'Undeniable' is a very exciting release.


Tracklist:
01. Lean Years (7:37)
02. Inside Out (8:32)
03. Goin' To A Meeting (10:00)
04. Double Play (8:03)
05. Midnight Special (8:45)
06. Round Midnight (7:52)
07. Side Effect (8:10)

Total time: 58:59

Personnel:
Pat Martino, Guitar
Eric Alexander, Tenor Sax
Tony Monaco, Organ
Jeff 'Tain' Watts' Drums

Audio Mixer: Kirk Yano.

Label: High Note.
Released: 2011.

Recorded Live at Blues Alley, Washington, DC, on June 26 - 28, 2009.

-----

Organists have been an important part of Pat Martino's life since in the '60s. Along the way, the Philadelphia-born guitarist has played with a long list of skillful organists that includes Jimmy Smith, Richard 'Groove' Holmes, Jack McDuff, Joey DeFrancesco, Trudy Pitts, and Don Patterson. 

While Martino hasn't featured organists on all of his albums (some of his best releases have employed pianists instead of organists), it is safe to say that organists have had a very positive effect on him. The presence of an organist is definitely advantageous for Martino on Undeniable: Live at Blues Alley, which focuses on a June 2009 appearance in Washington, D.C. 

Martino is joined by organist Tony Monaco, tenor saxophonist Eric Alexander, and drummer Jeff 'Tain' Watts, and he never fails to sound excited by the guitar/organ/tenor/drums combination that he is quite familiar with. Monaco, thankfully, is given plenty of room to stretch out, and so is the expressive, hard-swinging Alexander. 

Except for Thelonious Monk's 'Round Midnight, the quartet devotes itself to Martino's original compositions, and the sparks fly on Martino originals such as 'Goin' to a Meeting', 'Lean Years', and 'Side Effect'. It should be noted that Blues Alley, despite its name, is a jazz club rather than a blues club. Yet the name points to the relationship that jazz and the blues have had over the years. And while Martino (who was 64 at the time of this recording) is very much a jazz musician, he brings plenty of bluesiness to his Blues Alley performances. Even on the most cerebral parts of this CD, Martino plays with a great deal of blues feeling and demonstrates his ability to balance soulfulness and intellect. Undeniable: Live at Blues Alley is a memorable document of Martino's June 2009 appearance at the Washington, D.C. club.
By Alex Henderson

-----

MP3 Format 320 kbit/s. All songs are tagged by the book.

If you encounter errors during the file sharing, please, place this material as close to the root of the hard disk as possible and restart the file sharing (e.g. as close as possible to C: in Windows). This is in order to make the path (drive, directory and filename) as short as possible. Operating systems have limits regarding how long a path including the filename can be, and if this limit is exceeded there will be errors.

-----
