 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050083/

This movie was made in Black and White photography, however you'll be pleased
with the movie theater quality of this rich bitrate 720p movie file which even
has 384k ac3 Dolby 5.1 audio included. Its not a long movie, so the bitrate is
generous indeed. 1200 X 720p H.264 mkv at 6120k video bitrate

We first put this movie up in 2GB and got "awesome" reviews of its quality
in both video and audio. We now bring it to you at full size mkv 
H.264 just as we first found it on the net ages ago. We haven't found
a better quality version - we even compared to a 1080p version out there
and found this hdtv version to be superior as have those that have commented
as indicated I'm sure. small MGM logo appears on screen

This 4.37GB file is yet within the size to fit on the cheapest sized dvd discs
(dvd5) so that it is practical to download and use and share. We tried this on
a blank HP dvd5 using nero express software and it burned onto the disc just fine
with 100% successful automatic final disc verification by nero


Review:

12 Angry men is one of the most important courtroom/jury room dramas ever to
come out of the United states. The question presented to us in this great movie
offerings is this: Is there justice in the level of discourse that is being 
offered. Is the articulation on the issues in fact valid or is it semantic like
argument on feigns of dubious validity. If a case appears as it should: "open and 
shut" - is that reason enough to start to discount it? Should you decide that 
everything that could go the other way hypothetically, no matter how remote the 
possibility, that should be the order of the day of a particular brand of "more
pure" justice? Should the prejudices carried by members of the jury or testifying 
witnesses be reason enough to negate and retard their testimony? should they be 
required as jury members to vote the other side instead? The OJ Simpson criminal
trial contained all of these elements in the minds of those who assembled not too 
long ago on a PBS panel inquiry headed by talk show host Mr. Charlie Rose. The 
ownership of property in and of itself should never be sufficient qualification to 
sit on a jury to decide the fate of members of the community. Instead, a sound 
grounding in values that are humanistically pure and demonstrably so, combined 
with sound reasoning skills and experience in the proper and right application of 
legal principles that come from this sound philosophical basis should rule, and be 
the requirement. So a panel of judges perhaps, appointed on more than their 
connections within legal circles as it presently is comprised, rather on an open 
contest in which real votes for merit may be clearly exercised in the protection 
of all. 

Otherwise, we could someday die for no other reason than a lack of restraint in 
the environment caused by a complete breakdown in the expectation of justice based 
on jury members that are nothing more than proxies for those that would inflict 
their own brand of justice instead. The OJ Simspon affair should raise just such 
alarm bells as the second trial rightly pointed out, however it came too late to 
impose penalties to fit the crime - financial constraints that were imposed 
subsequently on the defendant could hardly be deemed sane enough for anyone that 
was looking in at the situation in objective fashion unable to do nothing but 
"shake their heads" in amazement that this could go on without a public scream 
that should never end until the righter outcome is seen through instead.


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

We now have sourced for you the following subtitles which are finally included
here for all of the following:

Bulgarian
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Estonian
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Serbian
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish

To use one of the subtitles simply copy the srt file from one of the the 
included language folders so that its is together with the mkv

If you don't require subtitles to view this movie, please turn them off using
your player controls as the english captions otherwise come on automatically
in this mkv (as we found it on the net)
