THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Dirt Showdown XBOX360-COMPLEX

DiRT Showdown is a brand new dive in and drive adrenaline rush of 
speed, style and destruction from the creators of the multi-award 
winning DiRT series. Players jump into a new world of arcade racing 
with pick up and play controls, speeding, tricking and smashing their 
way to Showdown' finals to compete against rivals in front of 
thousands of fans in a vibrant festival atmosphere. 

There are three broad categories to DiRT Showdown's stunning world of 
action-sport racing. Players will use nitrous to blast past rivals and 
negotiate courses filled with ramps, multiple routes and obstacles in 
racing events. Gaming's most advanced damage engine is pushed to its 
limits in demolition derby events, where players smash and crash their 
way to victory in jaw-dropping, bone-jarring style. Finally, in 
Hoonigan events gamers can demonstrate their freestyle driving skill in 
huge free-roaming stunt parks with new accessible controls. 

DiRT Showdown is Codemasters' most connected game ever - split-screen 
multiplayer, eight player online racing, on and off-line quick-fire 
party games, and YouTube integration all come as standard. Players can 
also issue new Showdown Challenges' to compete with friends in on and 
off-line modes. 

In the career mode, globe-trotting Showdown players will travel from 
Miami to San Francisco, London to Tokyo and other famous locations 
earning the adulation of the crowd at hyper-energised, frenzied, 
unsanctioned race events. Over 50 different events across four 
championships challenge gamers in a variety of conditions - sun, snow, 
and rain - through the day and under the floodlights at night. 

With an exciting mix of licensed and bespoke cars and powered by the 
EGO Game Technology Platform for phenomenal graphical performance and 
stunning damage, DiRT Showdown will be the new standard for arcade 
driving delirium. 

Platform: XBOX360
Format XGD3
Region: Region Free
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Racing
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-7007_4FBBBEB6.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-626F_4FBBBEB6.jpg