Book Description



Liferay Portal is the leading open-source enterprise portal framework that uses Java and Web 2.0 technologies.

Web portals often function as a point of access to information on the World Wide Web. Web portals, such as Yahoo!, present information from diverse sources in a unified way. Aside from the search engine standard, web portals offer other services such as e–mail, news, stock prices, infotainment, and various other features. Portals provide a means for enterprises to supply a consistent look and feel with access control and procedures for multiple applications that otherwise would have been separate entities altogether.

So, how do developers bring existing applications, as well as integrate content management systems and search engines, into a portal? And how do developers get started with the Liferay Portal engine? In Practical Liferay: Java–based Portal Applications Development, Dr. Poornachandra Sarang answers these questions and more.

This book is for those who want to learn how to use Liferay to develop vertical or company–specific web portals and beyond. The book will serve as a practical guide to learning Liferay and developing real–world web portals.
What you’ll learn

    Become an expert of the Liferay portal engine.
    Create dynamic web portals.
    Use template–based design for easy fit and form.
    Design and integrate discussion forums, chats, and IM.
    Build blogs, wikis, RSS feeds, and more.
    Use Liferay for developing Java–based content management software.
    Deploy and manage portal administration.

Who this book is for

This book is for web and portal developers who use Java to build Web 2.0 portals for their company, enterprise, or even personal use. The book does not require any programming background and will be very useful for web developers in learning practical portal development.


Book Details

    Paperback: 384 pages
    Publisher: Apress; 1 edition (May 5, 2009)
    Language: English
    ISBN-10: 1430218479
    ISBN-13: 978-1430218470