170 Hz (2011) 
 

Nederland
Drama
86 minuten

geregisseerd door Joost van Ginkel
met Gaite Jansen, Michael Muller en Robert de Hoog

Nederlands:


170 Hz gaat over twee dove tieners Nick en Evy die samen voor het eerst de liefde ervaren.
Omdat Evy’s ouders hun relatie afkeuren, besluiten ze te vluchten. Het wrak van de onderzeeër
waar ze zich schuilhouden is de paradoxale metafoor voor de zogenaamde vrijheid die hen ten
deel valt. In de onderzeeër wordt de invloed van Nick’s verleden duidelijk waardoor Evy zich
langzaam begint te realiseren dat haar vrijheid een illusie is.


Engels:


170 Hz is a film about unconditional love and the freedom that goes with it. Nick and Evy are two adolescents who fall hopelessly in love with each other. 
Their love has no voice or sound as they are both deafmute. They have their own ways of communicating with each other, 
so while being in love already makes them stand apart from the rest of the world, 
in the splendid isolation of their soundless love they distance themselves from their surroundings even more. 
When they sense that their parents do not fully agree with them being together, they develop an audacious plan: 
they will flee and hide in a special place, where Evy will become pregnant and have a baby - 
they are convinced that once they have a child together nothing and nobody will be able to keep them apart. 
Nick takes the initiative and drives off with Evy to the hiding place he has meticulously prepared, 
the wreck of a former Soviet submarine in a distant part of the harbour... 




Spotinformatie 

Categorie     : Beeld 
Formaat       : DVD5 
Bron          : Retail
Menu          : Ja
Audio         : Nederlands DD 5.1
Extra's       : Nee
Ondertitels   : Nederlands (instelbaar)
Cover & label : Ja
Genre         : Drama



 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1825636/


 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/74547



Verrast???? 


Kom eens kijken bij 




 
http://black-sam.org