Cover Orange 1.6 from Mac App Store


3,99 €
Catégorie : Jeux
Sortie : 01 juin 2011
Version : 1.6
Taille : 28.7 Mo
Langue : Anglais
Éditeur : FDG Mobile Games GbR
© 2011 FDG Entertainment GmbH & Co. KG
Classé 4+
Configuration requise : Mac OS X 10.6 ou une version ultérieure


Description
Over 2.5m downloads on iPhone! Join the party! :) 

TOXIC ALERT! 
A deadly genetically modified rain cloud of fruit dissolving vapour is heading for the orange capital of the world!

WANTED! 
A fruit loving, natural-ingredient pioneering hero!

WHEN? 
Now! Can you ‘orange’ it?

MISSION! 
Drag the various objects at your disposal to create barriers that will protect the oranges from the acid rain. Use your skill and ingenuity to achieve the maximum population survival rate. Vitamin ‘C’ollateral damage is not an option.

REWARD? 
Adoring shouts and cheers from the small, orange, spherical guys and their undying love.

Cover Orange is an exciting puzzle game suitable for all ages. It combines realistic game physics, enduring levels, vibrant colours and laugh out loud animations. 

It’s time to pump up the juice in a game made from pure orange concentrate!

**PRESS REVIEWS** 

CNET: 
"Cover Orange: Best game since Cut the Rope?" 
".. instantly accessible, wholly addictive, and thoroughly entertaining--just like Angry Birds and Cut the Rope." 

IGN: 
"Cover Orange is just what an iPhone game should be: a fun concept with simple touch screen controls and sharp graphics. If you're looking for your next portable addiction, it's got your bases covered." 

TouchArcade: 
"I've definitely felt that "ok, just one more level" draw that a clever puzzler will inspire, making it tough to walk away from" 

SlidetoPlay: 
"Cover Orange HD got the creative juices flowing." 
"We recommend a buy.." 

FEATURES 
➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠ 
✓ OSX HD edition 
✓ Apple GAME CENTER support 
✓ Includes 200 Levels 
✓ Ultra-realistic object physics 
✓ A true Internet hit with over 63 million plays 
✓ Music by Eduard Tziselsky, composer for the tv-show "Village of Fools" 
✓ User-friendly touch controls 
✓ Dazzling colors 
✓ Countless hours of fun 
➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠➠ 

Watch the game in action: 