

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS - Bible Study - 85 - Mysteries of Pagan Idol Worship Vol 3


POtHS Comment: Excellent

Description:

Mystery of Christmas:
The New Church eats at Jezebel's table, the table of Demons.  The new Covenant does not do away with the law for the law is Eternal.  Instead, the new covenant writes the laws of God in our hearts.  

Norm Franz of Ascension Ministries delivers a very important message about the history of pagan idol worship, specifically of Baal and Asherah; that goes all the way back to the time of the tower of Babel and surprisingly continues on to this day.


Jeremiah Films The Unwrapping of Christmas - It's History, Myths, and Traditions:
Everything you think you know about Christmas, you don't. Every common misconception of this holiday is cracked wide open.  The producers who unmasked Halloween ΓÇö now unwrap Christmas.  A must see video for every seeker after truth.

This explosive video recounts the Biblical origins of the birth of Jesus Christ, and promotes the legitimacy of the Bible through prophecies already fulfilled: the Son of God, conceived of the Holy Spirit, born of a virgin in Bethlehem, of the lineage of David, and more!

But .. was December 25th really Jesus' birthday? Have you ever wondered why we decorate the Christmas tree, put lights up around the house, and why we teach our children to believe in St. Nicholas, or Santa and his magical reindeer?

Once your eyes have been opened - Christmas may never be the same again.


Easter - The Pagan Passover:
Easter, or Easter Sunday, is a beloved tradition to many people when the resurrection of Jesus Christ is celebrated. The origins of Easter, however, prove that it is a pagan substitute for the Biblical Passover. Early Christians observed Passover for hundreds of years until paganism corrupted the once-pure faith with the worshiping of the queen of heaven and all of the pagan traditions. 

Christmas - Origin History Traditions:
The history of Christmas reveals an origin stemming from the darkest depths of paganism and human sacrifice! The traditions of Christmas give honor to Satan!
   Christmas has nothing to do with Yahushua
   Gives honor to the blood-thirsty god, Saturn
   Pagan Roman Feast of Saturnalia
   Paganism & human sacrifice
   Santa, gifts, cards, candles, mistletoe, etc.
   Father Time & Baby New Year

[/size]


This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
