Buttsluts.Disc1.2012.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-CiCXXX
Buttsluts.Disc2.2012.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-CiCXXX

Starring: Sheena Shaw, Mike Adriano, Sierra Sanders, Mia Gold, Kaylee Hilton, Chastity Lynn, Dani Jensen, Sativa Rose, Claudio 

Description: Acclaimed gonzo Director Mike Adriano likes the kind of Girl Who Keeps her Backdoor Ready for Action. His style of close-up and POV buttfucking demands a special kind of modern gal anally liberated and down for anything! Mikes latest colonic masterpiece is entitled Buttsluts, in loving tribute to those gorgeous women who make his job so exciting. The two-disc release features four butt-banging scenes as well as a bonus session starring Latina favorite Sativa Rose and stud Claudio. Buttsluts starts off with strikingly pretty redhead Dani Jensen using a large anal toy to expand her sphincter in preparation for the reaming to come. The reaming to cum ... The slender cuties ass is stretched even further with Mikes signature speculum. Dani takes his sturdy cock up her sweet rear and sucks his pole ass-to-mouth until the director sprays his hot load all over her pale butt cheeks. Next, tanned blonde Kaylee Hilton and tiny troublemaker Chastity Lynn join forces to satisfy Mikes anal hunger. The messy girls eat candy out of each others ass, fill their rectums with saliva, tongue the directors hairy asshole and enjoy a nasty, spit-soaked ass plundering with lots of ATM perversity. Skinny anal darling Sheena Shaw returns for more hot sodomy. Her elastic anus expands to accommodate ice cubes, wide toys and Mikes raging schlong, and Sheena gets a gooey facial for her efforts. Finally, stone foxes Sierra Sanders and Mia Gold share the directors dick and each others flavorful ass gapes before swapping a bubbly mouthful of spermy goodness. Buttsluts are the best kind of sluts! 

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=4mjrajtbk02wst56c865.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=ca1ovep9rwp0ykeoefto.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=9tx7w90u1026gjcdf146.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=izbn8abgx9n9ez12onb3.jpg