All videos include all the lessons in Financial Peace University. Enjoy and share!

Financial Peace University (FPU) is a nine-week class on money taught by America's most trusted financial guru, Dave Ramsey. Dave and his teaching team will walk you through the basics of budgeting, dumping debt, planning for the future, and much more!

Lesson 1
Super Saving Common Sense for Your Dollars and Cents
Dave explains the seven Baby Steps that will guide you throughout Financial Peace University. You will also learn the three key reasons why you should save moneyΓÇöand why you must start now!

Lesson 2
Relating With Money Nerds and Free Spirits Unite!
Learn why it's important for spouses to communicate and work together toward success. Also, singles will learn the importance of accountability, and parents will find out how to teach their kids about money.

Lesson 3
Cash Flow Planning The Nuts and Bolts of Budgeting
Learning how to take control of your money starts with a budget. Unlock the secret of developing a monthly spending plan that really works.

Lesson 4
Dumping Debt Breaking the Chains of Debt
It's time to debunk some common debt myths! Dave reveals the truth about credit lies and gives you a plan to walk out of debt with confidence.

Lesson 5
Buyer Beware The Power of Marketing on Your Buying Decisions
Dave draws on decades of experience to reveal the power and influence that marketing has on your everyday buying decisions.

Lesson 6
The Role of Insurance Protecting Your Health, Family and Finances
In this lesson, Dave walks you through the world of insurance, carefully explaining what you needΓÇöand what you need to avoid.

Lesson 7
Retirement and College Planning Mastering the Alphabet Soup of Investing
Dave walks you through the maze of retirement options and helps you figure out your best retirement plan. You will also learn how to plan for college so your kids can graduate debt free!

Lesson 8
Real Estate and Mortgages Keeping the American Dream From Becoming a Nightmare
Dave draws on more than 20 years of real estate experience to teach you the ins and outs of mortgages and how to win when buying or selling your home.

Lesson 9
The Great Misunderstanding Unleashing the Power of Generous Giving
Learn how generous giving can completely revolutionize your attitude and improve your finances, business and relationships.