                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Weather Plus pulls weather information from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Weather Service directly to your mobile device. Weather Plus monitors the weather where you are and allows you to add and monitor weather in an unlimited number of locations.

Weather Plus features rich, detailed forecast information and current observations, but doesn't stop there like most apps. The Plus means Weather Plus brings more weather information to your mobile device than any other app on the market including: convective (wind), fire, and water related weather information.

Weather Plus is tailored with unique layouts for both phones and tablets so you don't need to buy a different app to get great looking weather information for your tablet. Personalize the look to your tastes with custom themes. Widgets bring the weather directly to your home screen elegantly blending with your device wallpaper. Share the weather with friends through email, twitter, facebook, google+, etc.

Features:

    Add and monitor unlimited locations
    Share forecasts with anyone through email, twitter, facebook, etc.
    Current weather observations from the nearest NWS monitoring station
    36-hour forecast
    7-day forecast
    Hourly forecast
    Severe weather
    Convective (wind) related weather conditions and hazards such as tornadoes, hail, and severe thunderstorms.
    Fire conditions (wildfire)
    Water conditions such as wave heights
    Information direct from US NOAA and NWS
    Customized for tablets and phones
    Multiple, configurable home screen widgets
    User settings for standard or metric units
    User settings for forecast update frequency
    Make it your own with personal themes

What's in this version : (Updated : )

    Share weather through email, twitter, facebook, google+, etc.
    Improved add location screen
    Improved welcome screen
    Prevent problems when device orientation changes during refresh

Required Android O/S : 2.2+




                                   By bobiras2009	