From BBC Radio 3. Running time for each: approx. 2 hours.

Twelfth Night (or What You Will)

A comedy of misrule and a trenchant attack on puritanism as disguise and deceit leads to misadventure, madness and mistaken love in one of Shakespeare's happiest plays. Orsino loves Olivia but she loves Cesario who really does love Orsino for Cesario is actually Viola. But Malvolio believes his mistress Olivia loves him as he is a victim of a trick played on him by those who would make him mad. Shakespeare unravels a comic knot and fashions a masterpiece.

Viola/Cesario ..... Naomi Frederick.
Sebastian ..... Trystan Gravelle.
Sea Captain ..... Gerard McDermott.
Orsino ..... Paul Ready.
Valentine ..... Harry Livingstone.
Maria ..... Rosie Cavaliero.
Sir Toby Belch ..... Ron Cook.
Sir Andrew Aguecheek ..... Adam James.
Olivia ..... Vanessa Kirby.
Feste ..... James Lailey.
Malvolio .... David Tennant.
Fabian ..... Don Gilet.
Antonio ..... Peter Hamilton Dyer.

Music composed by Roger Goula.

Romeo and Juliet

In a town full of hatred, where the streets ring with the Capulet Montague feud, and swords are too easily drawn, Romeo and Juliet find each other, and love, and never let go.

Cast

Romeo ..... Trystan Gravelle
Juliet ..... Vanessa Kirby
Nurse ..... Rosie Cavaliero
Friar Laurence ..... Ron Cook
Prince Escalus ..... David Tennant
Mercutio ..... Paul Ready
Benvolio ..... Adam James
Tybalt ..... Carl Prekopp
Paris ..... Johnny Flynn
Capulet ..... James Lailey
Lady Capulet ..... Naomi Frederick
Montague ..... Peter Hamilton Dyer
Balthasar ..... Don Gilet
Apothecary ... Christine Absalom
Gregory ..... Harry Livingstone
Sampson ..... Joe Sims
Prologue ..... Tracy Wiles

Music ..... Roger Goula
Sound Design ..... Colin Guthrie

The Tempest

Prospero, the exiled Duke of Milan plots to restore his daughter Miranda to her rightful place, using illusion and skilful manipulation. A tempest brings Prospero's brother Antonio and Alonso, King of Naples to the island. Once there, Ariel and Prospero's machinations bring about the revelation of Antonio's evil cunning, the redemption of Alonso, and the marriage of Miranda to Alonso's son, Ferdinand.

Prospero...David Warner
Miranda...Rose Leslie
Ariel...Carl Prekopp
Caliban...James Garnon
Ferdinand...Al Weaver
Alonso...Paul Moriarty
Antonio/Boatswain...James Lailey
Sebastian...Peter Hamilton Dyer
Gonzalo...Don Warrington
Trinculo...Don Gilet
Stephano...Gerard McDermott
Ceres...Deeivya Meir

Music written and performed by The Devil's Violin Company
Sarah Moody, Luke Carver Goss and Oliver Wilson-Dickson
Sound production by Caleb Knightley