
TITLE:               SuperFuel: Thorium, the Green Energy Source for the Future
AUTHOR:              Richard Martin
Date of Publication: 2012 

Book Description
Publication Date: May 8, 2012 | ISBN-10: 0230116477 | ISBN-13: 978-0230116474

A new solution to our global energy crisis may lie in a simple element few know ΓÇôthorium

At the dawn of the atomic age, uranium and thorium were equally important as the element 
of choice in researching nuclear energy. Either one could have powered the worldΓÇÖs reactors. 
But it was uranium that won out, and thorium, which is far cleaner, safer, and more abundant 
than uranium, was relegated to the dustbin of science. With it went the possibility of 
creating a low risk nuclear energy source to power our planet.  What might have happened 
had our scientists and our government, and the nuclear power industry invested the 
resources to develop this little known yet abundant element? Would we face a global 
energy crisis and the prospect of catastrophic climate change today? Why are countries 
around the world, including rising economic superpowers India and China, rushing to 
develop electricity from thorium while the United States, which studied thorium reactors 
extensively in the 1960s, plays catch up?

Now, as the world searches for cheap, non-carbon-emitting energy sources, thorium is 
reemerging as an overlooked solution. As one of the first energy experts to promote 
the development of thorium, award-winning science writer Richard Martin combines 
science, new historical research, and a gripping business narrative to tell the 
untold story of thorium power ΓÇô and show how we can wean ourselves off our fossil-fuel 
addiction, deliver a safe energy source for a millennia, and avert the risk of nuclear 
meltdown.

At once a big think book and a science manifesto, SuperFuel challenges us to look back 
at what could have been different in history and forward to an energy revolution in the 
making. The most important science and technology book of the year, SuperFuel will 
change the discussion of our energy future.

Format: 
237 pages in PDF file, delivced in PDF and word .doc format. 

