What's new in Version 1.3.6


have resolved crash bugs related to the Cranky’s Story update, and have fixed other minor issues to optimize the overall gameplay experience. Coming soon – more free updates to Swampy's Story!

Now test your skills with “Cranky’s Story”! Enjoy five of these all-new puzzles for free!

Cranky is the toughest alligator around, and he has worked up an appetite from sabotaging Swampy’s water supply. He eats anything, especially all the rotting and disgusting junk found in the dumps and sewers. Cranky will not eat vegetables however, and now his food is covered with vegetable-like algae. Use the dirty purple water to clean off Cranky’s plate so he can eat! 

Cranky’s Story is an in-app purchase with more than 50 super-challenging puzzles, including Cranky’s Challenge – four unique puzzle packs with 16 special levels for the most-skilled puzzle solvers. 

Have you “Tri-Ducked” the game yet and completed all the bonus levels? Let us know at
Screenshots


Description
ARE YOU READY FOR A COMPLETELY NEW CHALLENGE? TEST YOUR SKILLS WITH “CRANKY’S STORY”!

MEET CRANKY!
Cranky is the toughest alligator around and he has worked up an appetite from sabotaging Swampy’s water supply. He eats anything, especially all the rotting and disgusting junk found in the dumps and sewers. Cranky will not eat vegetables however, and now his food is covered with vegetable-like algae. Use the dirty purple water to clean off Cranky’s plate so he can eat!

MEET SWAMPY!
Swampy the Alligator lives in the sewers under the city. He is a little different from the other alligators — he’s curious, friendly, and loves taking a nice long shower after a hard day at work. The other alligators have damaged his plumbing and disrupted the water flow. Help Swampy by guiding water to his shower!

Everyone loves Where’s My Water!

“Game of the Year 2011” — PHONEARENA.COM
“Game of the Year 2011” — APPLE 'N APPS
“92 Metascore” — METACRITIC.COM
“Editor’s Choice Award” — IGN
“Game of the Month” — SLIDE TO PLAY
“One of those rare gems that manages to get everything right.” — GAMEZEBO
“This is the perfect game to play on the go.” — KIDZWORLD

Where’s My Water? is a challenging physics-based puzzler complete with vibrant graphics, intuitive controls, and a sensational soundtrack. To be successful, you need to be clever and keep an eye out for algae, toxic ooze, triggers, and traps.

• TWO STORIES — TWO SEPARATE GAMES — MORE THAN 200 TOTAL PUZZLES — FREE UPDATES TO SWAMPY’S STORY!

Swampy’s Story
The fun is just beginning. The story of Swampy unfolds as you play. Swampy’s cute, he’s funny, he just wants to take a shower with his beloved rubber ducky. In Swampy’s Story, play seven themed chapters over 140 levels. Collect Swampy’s ducks and shower items to unlock new puzzles and bonus levels. FREE levels are added to Swampy’s Story regularly!

Cranky’s Story
Cranky is the toughest alligator around and so are his puzzles! Play the first two chapters across 40 levels and test your puzzle solving skills with Cranky’s Challenge. Cranky’s Challenge is a game within a game. Four unique puzzle packs with 16 total levels for the most-skilled puzzle solvers.

Humorous story moments and richly-detailed graphics bring this subterranean world to life!

• AMAZING LIFELIKE FLUID PHYSICS
Go with the flow! Swipe, slosh, and splash to guide fresh water, dirty water, and ooze through increasingly challenging scenarios.

• COLLECTIBLES, CHALLENGES, AND BONUS LEVELS
Collect Swampy’s shower items and complete Cranky’s Challenge to unlock bonus levels. “Tri-Duck” each chapter and tap around for secret levels and even more surprises! Visitfor more hints, tips and secrets.

Every drop counts in Where’s My Water? — A refreshing puzzler filled with good clean gaming fun!
