The World of Chemistry: Essentials (4th Edition)
By Melvin D. Joesten, Mary E. Castellion, John L. Hogg
Thomson Brooks/Cole | February 2006 | ISBN: 0-495-01213-0 | 612 pages | PDF | 19.8 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-World-Chemistry-Essentials-Available/dp/0495012130/

Joesten's WORLD OF CHEMISTRY: ESSENTIALS is known for effectively presenting chemistry in terms understandable to the non-science major. The Fourth Edition continues to clearly explain the importance of chemistry and the impact it has on students' daily lives by including topics that are interesting to students early in the text and by explaining the relevance of the chemical principles students hear about every day in the news. To help students develop a general appreciation of the effect chemistry has on their lives, the authors take a less-theoretical approach to the basics and offer thought-provoking chapter-opening questions, a wealth of pertinent examples, and NEW "Chemistry in Movies" boxes. Additionally, application chapters are now included earlier in the text to further demonstrate to students the relevance of the chemistry they are studying. OWL (Online Web-based Learning), our fully customizable and flexible web-based homework management system and assessment tool, is now available with this text.

About the Author
Melvin D. Joesten, Professor of Chemistry and Education at Vanderbilt University, received his Ph.D. from the University of Illinois. His interests include chemical education for the college liberal arts student; chemical education for college science and engineering students; and K12 science education with emphasis on pre-service and in-service programs for teachers.

Brief Contents
1 Living in a World of Chemistry
2 The Chemical View of Matter
3 Atoms and the Periodic Table
4 The Air We Breathe
5 Chemical Bonding and States of Matter
6 Carbon Dioxide and the Greenhouse Effect
7 Chlorofluorocarbons and the Ozone Layer
8 Chemical Reactivity: Chemicals in Action
9 AcidΓÇôBase Reactions
10 OxidationΓÇôReduction Reactions
11 Water, Water Everywhere, But Not a Drop to Drink?
12 Energy and Hydrocarbons
13 Nuclear Changes and Nuclear Power
14 Organic Chemicals and Polymers
15 The Chemistry of Life
16 Nutrition: The Basis of Healthy Living
17 Chemistry and Medicine
18 The Chemistry of Useful Materials
19 Feeding the World