

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 88 - Cancer The Forbidden Cures







POtHS Comment: The Cures are out there but Big Pharma hides them from us cause Natural Cures don't pay and they really don't want you Well. You are not a good customer then. That want dollars even if it KILLS YOU.


Description:

Cancer The Forbidden Cures:
In the last 100 years dozens of doctors, scientists and researchers have come up with the most diverse, apparently effective solutions against cancer, but none of these was ever taken into serious consideration by official medicine. Most of them were in fact rejected out-front, even though healings were claimed in the thousands, their proposers often being labeled as charlatans, ostracized by the medical community and ultimately forced to leave the country. 

909ID - Cancer, Diabetes and Cancer by Dr. Tim Riesenberger:
Diabetes and cancers are so common in today's culture. Will they always pervade our nightmares, or are there solutions and cures?
Surprisingly, diabetes is not incurable. Discover the simple solutions for taking charge and turning it around.

But what about cancer? Is there really a cure?
Find out the truth about radiation, chemotherapy, and grape cure treatments (88 minutes).

Tim Riesenberger MD, MPH, has a passion for preventive medicine. He received his MD from Loma Linda University and holds a Master's of Public Health in Preventive Medicine from Montemorelos University. As a speaker and health practitioner, Tim has been to dozens of countries, and has also spread the health message through TV presentations.



This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

  

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
