Year / Date: 2012
Version: v7.6.4.6
Developed by: ┬⌐ Copyright 2001-2012, All Rights Reserved
Bit depth: 32bit 64bit
Compatibility with Vista: complete
Compatible with Windows 7 full time
Language: English

System requirements:
Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
Internet connection
Webcam

Description:
WebCamMax - advanced utility to work with a webcam. The program adds amazing video effects to all webcams, even without a real camera. The program can be used by default in applications such as ICQ, AIM, MSN, Camfrog, Skype, Paltalk, Yahoo, ANYwebcam, Stickam.You can customize WebcamMax Full so that it began to operate and maintain broadcast from the camera only when the lens fix dvizhenie.Prokrutka text over the video, a soft switch between multiple live feeds and stored, using one camera while running multiple programs, treatment own images to bargain appeal or other visual effects.

Features:

Associates webcam programs such as ICQ, AIM, MSN, Camfrog, Skype, Paltalk, Yahoo Messenger, etc.More than 1000 effects on www.webcammax.com, including Mosaic, TV, kinostseny, Water, Smog, Emboss, emotions, etc.Floating text over video.Dynamic switching between multiple sources of data (video, films, photographs).Effects of DIY.The work of a single webcam with multiple programs simultaneously.Shooting from any background, inserted into the frame.

Detailed instructions to avoid problems. In fact, it's simple. 

1. Disable Internet connection. 
2. Install the program. 
3. With the file patch.exe patches WebCamMax.exe 
4. Run the program, click on the icon in its upper left corner and click "Enter SN" 
5. Enter any number, for example, "123", click OK, and since the Internet is disabled, we reported an inability to connect to the server. 
6. Click on the button "Manual", copy the code from the Machine Data. 
7. Run keygen.exe, paste the previously copied code into the top field and click on the button "Generate" 
8. Copy the security code field of the "Unlock ->" and paste it into the appropriate field of the program. Click "OK" 
9. In the settings disable check for updates. 
10. Zaregistrirovaana program. Rejoice!