---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 
           SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS       444444444                 AAA                   
         SS:::::::::::::::S     4::::::::4                A:::A                  
        S:::::SSSSSS::::::S    4:::::::::4               A:::::A                 
        S:::::S     SSSSSSS   4::::44::::4              A:::::::A                
        S:::::S              4::::4 4::::4             A:::::::::A               
        S:::::S             4::::4  4::::4            A:::::A:::::A              
         S::::SSSS         4::::4   4::::4           A:::::A A:::::A             
          SS::::::SSSSS   4::::444444::::444        A:::::A   A:::::A            
            SSS::::::::SS 4::::::::::::::::4       A:::::A     A:::::A           
               SSSSSS::::S4444444444:::::444      A:::::AAAAAAAAA:::::A          
                    S:::::S         4::::4       A:::::::::::::::::::::A         
                    S:::::S         4::::4      A:::::AAAAAAAAAAAAA:::::A        
        SSSSSSS     S:::::S         4::::4     A:::::A             A:::::A       
        S::::::SSSSSS:::::S       44::::::44  A:::::A               A:::::A      
        S:::::::::::::::SS        4::::::::4 A:::::A                 A:::::A     
         SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS          4444444444AAAAAAA                   AAAAAAA    
                                                                                 
                                                                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         Ashampoo.WinOptimizer.9.v9.01-TE                        

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TE 2012 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 v9.01 (c) 2012 Ashampoo

Date: 02/15/2012

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

Release Type:
[ ] Registration/Serial Crack
[ ] Activation Crack
[ ] Trial Crack
[ ] Server Check Crack
[X] Serial
[ ] Hidden/Added Features Enabler
[X] Other: Server Check Bypass

[ ] Loader Patcher      [ ] Patch      [ ] Precracked      [X] RegFile
[ ] Keygen

RELEASE NOTES

Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 users benefit from an efficient, quick
and safe Windows® maintenance as well as a large number of
powerful and user-friendly tools which enable them to customize
their Windows® computer exactly according to their needs. In
response to numerous customer requests, Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9
offers two new powerful modules, Registry Defrag and HDD
Inspector.

System maintenance with efficient cleaning and defragmentation

One click and all unnecessary data are gone! The One-Click
Optimizer enables a quick optimization and cleaning of the system
with an especially configured call-up of the modules Drive
Cleaner, Registry Optimizer and Internet Cleaner. Of course those
modules can also be run separately and be customized according to
individual requirements. Defrag 3 allows the defragmentation of
hard disk drives on the basis of one of the latest most effective
algorithms. This function can be launched on system startup and
then runs in the background permanently. The new module Registry
Defrag analyzes the Windows® Registry and defragments it for a
quicker workflow and improved access to the registry.

Modules for system maintenance at a glance:
One-Click Optimizer: Quick optimization of the system with just
one click.
Drive Cleaner: Finds and deletes unnecessary files.
Registry Optimizer: Finds and deletes unnecessary or faulty
entries of the registry.
Internet Cleaner: Removes traces from surfing on the Internet.
Defrag 3: Defragmentation of hard disk drives (Pro-active
defrag and boot-time defrag)
NEW Registry Defrag:Analyses and defragments the Windows®
Registry.

Get more out of your system!

The Service Manager helps with the management and optimization of
installed services. Here your opinion counts. You can rate
services and see other users? ratings. The StartUp Tuner adjusts
the startup behavior of applications. You can improve your
Internet connection with the Internet Tuner. The Process Manager
provides an overview of all running processes. The UnInstall
Manger allows you to uninstall unnecessary applications as well
as faulty entries.

Overview of modules that increase efficiency:
Service Manager: Optimization and management of installed
services and own ratings of services.
StartUp Tuner: Management of applications that are launched on
Windows® start.
Internet Tuner: Automatic or manual optimization of system
settings for hardware and bandwidth of your Internet
connection.
Process Manager: This module gives an overview of all currently
running processes.
UnInstall Manager: Successfully uninstalls applications and
faulty entries.

Perfectly personalize and configure Windows®

With these tools you can customize the settings of your system
according to your personal requirements. Tweaking allows you to
access hidden system settings and a detailed adjustment. The
AntiSpy module provides access to interfaces, hidden options and
their settings. The management of installed file formats and
repair of faulty formats is done by the File Associator module.
With the Context Menu Manager you can manage and customize
context menus. The Icon Saver saves the arrangement of icons on
your desktop and restores it, if necessary.

Modules for Windows® configuration at a glance:
Tweaking:Provides access to many hidden system settings and
allows detailed adjustment of the system and frequently used
applications.
AntiSpy: Adjustment of interfaces and hidden options in
Windows® that submit information undesirably.
File Associator: Management of installed file formats as well
as repair or deletion of faulty file formats.
Context Menu Manager: Context menus of the Windows® Explorer
can be managed and customized according to individual
requirements.
Icon Saver: The arrangement of icons on the desktop is saved
and can be restored, if necessary.

Nothing stays hidden from these tools!

The module System Information provides an overview of the
installed hardware and software, including information on the
operating system, processor etc. How much disk space do your
audio files take up? This and similar questions are answered by
the DiscSpace Explorer in a comprehensive overview. The
performance of your processor and main memory is measured by the
System Benchmark and can be compared with other users? values on
the Internet. The Disk Doctor checks your hard disk drive for
potential errors and restores faulty files, if necessary. The new
HDD Inspector analyses the S.M.A.R.T values of your hard disk
drive on the basis of a tried and tested algorithm. This way this
module can make a statement about the ?health? and possible
problems of hard disk drives in the system.

The modules for system analysis at a glance:
System Information: Comprehensive and clear information on the
installed hardware and software (operating system, processor,
chipset, drives etc.)
DiskSpace Explorer: Analysis of the file groups, for example
audio and video files and information on how much disk space is
taken up by each file group.
System Benchmark: The processor is tested and the performance
of the main memory is measured. The results can be compared
online with those of other users.
Disk Doctor: Hard disk drives are checked for errors and faulty
files can be restored.
NEW HDD Inspector: Detailed information on and analysis of the
S.M.A.R.T values of your hard disk drives.

Tools that you will not want to do without again!

Files and folders are deleted safely and permanently with the
File Wiper. For data protection reasons, it is sometimes
necessary to protect the contents of files and folders from
third-party access. In this case the File Encrypter & Decrypter
module helps with the encryption. The File Splitter & Joiner
splits large files into several smaller ones so that those can
then be sent by email. Later on the recipient can join those
again. The Undeleter helps you to restore accidentally deleted
files.

File tools at a glance:
File Wiper: Deletes files and folders safely and permanently.
File Encrypter & Decrypter: Encrypts and decrypts files and
folders.
File Splitter & Joiner:Splits large files into smaller ones,
which can for example emailed, and be joined again later on.
Undeleter: Restores accidentally deleted files.

Always stay on the safe side with backups

The Backup Management provides a comfortable overview and
information on all saved changes, in order to quickly restore
those with just a click. In the Settings you can change the
settings of each module and customize the general settings for
Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9. The Tuning Assistant helps new users to
maintain their system in the best possible way by only answering
a few questions. The Taskplaner helps you to exactly plan the
execution of task at a certain time. They will then be executed
automatically.

Modules of backup management and fine adjustments:
Backup Management: Manages existing backups.
Tuning Assistant:: Helps new users to optimize their system.
Taskplaner: Allows you to plan tasks and automatically execute
them at a certain time.
Settings: Settings for this software and for single modules can
be changed and adjusted here.

Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 helps you to:

?clean your system and free up space!
Free your system from unnecessary data and services that slow
down your system. Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 performs a complete
system analysis for you. Although it uses a cleverly devised
method to find unnecessary data, the software is very easy to
use with its intuitive handling. After the scan you can easily
sift through the results. To be on the safe side, Ashampoo
WinOptimizer 9 uses backup mechanisms so that deleted data can
be recovered, if necessary.

?reach constant performance on your system!
For a constantly fast system performance Ashampoo WinOptimizer
9 provides several modules that defragment, check for errors,
analyze utilization or determine the health status. Similar to
hard disk drives containing data, also the Windows® Registry is
liable to fragmentation of data after a while. Cleaning up the
registry leads to more free space as well as quicker access
times and therefore accelerates work on your computer. An
analysis with the new Registry Defrag identifies possible
weaknesses and offers solutions for optimization with just one
click.

?accelerate your PC!
Have you ever experienced this? Sometimes booting your computer
takes such a long time that you could go for another coffee.
Things do not have to be like that! Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9
allows you to customize the settings for startup programs and
therefore also the start of your system without annoying
operations or instructions. The module detects all
automatically starting programs and lets you decide whether
they should start automatically. In the result list
applications and services can be activated or deactivated. This
way you can turn required applications ?on? and ?off? again
when they are not needed any more.

?individualize Windows®!!
The way that you furnish your living space according to your
personal circumstances, you can also perfectly customize your
Windows® system according to your individual requirements.
Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 helps you to adjust your system to
detail. It lets you access hidden system settings for
comprehensive adjustments to your system and installed
applications. The Icon Saver even saves the arrangement of
icons on your desktop and is able to restore it, if necessary.
This way all the time you spent on the ideal arrangement was
not in vain.

?get the best advice!
If over 20 modules with over a hundred functions and options
seem a bit confusing at first, you can seek advice. In this
case the Tuning Assistant is there to help. You just have to
answer a few especially defined questions about your
requirements for your Windows® system. Then the Tuning
Assistant will select the best possible settings automatically.

?get to know your PC better!
Advanced knowledge and more information about your PC enable
you to identify weak spots and to correct possible errors. The
five modules of this category completely examine the whole
system and provide the most important information on areas such
as operating system, hardware, software, main memory, hard disk
drives with their characteristics, usage and S.M.A.R.T values.

?rescue your data!
Have you ever accidentally deleted an important file? This can
be very upsetting. With Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 you can rescue
your deleted data. The Undeleter module finds deleted files and
folders and restores those. If you would like to delete data
permanently, you can do this absolutely safe with the File
Wiper so that your sensible data will not fall into the wrong
hands.

?optimize your system with just one click!!
If you want quick results or you are inexperienced user, the
One-Click Optimizer is a safe and comfortable solution to
maintain your system. The One-Click Optimizer runs the modules
Drive Cleaner, Registry Cleaner and Internet Cleaner fully
automatic according to the predefined settings. This way you
will get the best cleaning performance at the least effort and
guaranteed safety for your system.

?protect your privacy!
Prevent applications from ?calling home?! Very often your
system unsolicited submits information. Such actions can pose a
potential risk to your privacy. With the AntiSpy module you are
only a few clicks away from a better privacy protection. Even
files and folders can be protected from third-party access. The
File Encrypter & Decrypter encrypts anything that you would
like to protect from unauthorized access.

maintain your system ? easily, intuitively and quickly!!

Requirements:

Operating System:
Windows® XP, Windows Vista® (32bit/64bit) and Windows® 7
(32bit/64bit).

Computer:
Any computer that runs one of the above operating systems at a
reasonable speed.

Main Memory (RAM):
The size of the main storage is insignificant for the
employment of the program. We refer to the recommendations of
the operating system in use from Microsoft.

Hard Drive Space:
90 MB for the program files plus some additional space for
backup files.

Other:
Full administrative rights are required to use the program.

For More Info Visit: 
http://www.ashampoo.com/en/eur/pin/3306/

TE Release Filename: tawo991x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install ashampoo_winoptimizer_9_e9.1.0_sm.exe.  Do not launch
Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 yet.  Next import the Registration.reg
file into your registry, which can be found in the Reg folder.
Make sure you have administator mode if you have problems
importing the regfile.  Ashampoo WinOptimizer 9 is now fully
registered and activated!

Thats it!  Enjoy.

T E   2 0 1 2

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker,  Hate The Code

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------