For make Requests go here: https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=129845

I will not upload requests that post in the comments in my torrents.           
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Drifting is the act of maneuvering a vehicle through corners at speeds and angles that exceed the vehicleΓÇÖs grip. A drift is when a driver performs a controlled slide through corners while adhering to the racing line. Drifting involves fast cars, super skilled drivers and hardcore fans.

What's in this version : (Updated : January 9, 2012)

    Fixes: Font issues on Tablet devices
    Tips: Go to OPTIONS to adjust your Steering and driving preferences. (Throttle bar or gas pedal)
    Important: If you are not sure if the game run on your device try the Lite version.
    Installation problems? Empty your cache and try installing the game again: Go to Settings/Application/Manage Applications select Market, and clear the Data/cache.

ItΓÇÖs a combination of driving skill, style and showmanship. ItΓÇÖs all about loss of the rear wheel traction while keeping the race car in total control.
Drifting is so popular because it brings all the best aspects of motor sports into one package. Highly skilled drivers control a high powered street car past its limit, sideways at high speed, burning rubber. It canΓÇÖt get any better!

HOW TO PLAY
Drifting is a very unique Motorsport where points are allocated on 4 main criteria: Speed, Line, Angle and Impact.

    LINE: Drift within pre-designated zones to get extra points. The line is marked by several clipping zones where the driver must get as close as possible while sideways to increase score.
    ANGLE: The more the better. Drift with style and try to get your car as sideways as possible without wiping out to gain more points.
    SPEED: Always try to drift as fast as possible while staying in control. If you hit a wall or get off-track, you will lose your current combo score. If you complete the race quickly, you will gain additional points.
Features : 

    Drift and Practice mode
    Cutting edge control system including a variable throttle system and hydraulic handbrake 
    7 vehicles with unique specs (traction, horsepower, torque etc.) 
    5 unique race tracks 
    3 level of difficulties; start at easy and improve your skills while completing the normal and pro mode 
    3 camera configurations 
    2 acceleration modes(Pedal & throttle bar) 
    Steering sensitivity adjustment 
    Replay system with highlights of your best combos 
    Soundtrack from Good Fight Music including songs from Conditions (Album: Fluorescent Youth) and I Am bomination (Album: To Our Forefathers) 
    Exclusive content including DMCC event intro video and photos

Required Android O/S : 2.0.1+


                                By bobiras2009		