







7Customizer is made to customize Windows 7 setup.

With 7cusotmizer you can add your wallpapers, Icons, themes,you can also integrate 

updates, drivers and remove components from the setup. It is claimed to replace 

vLite.

It is can customize both 32-bit & 64-bit version of Windows 7 with English and non 

English sources.

Features List:

    Languages integration (Windows UI language not the setup language)
    Updates integration
    Basic unattended installation
    Driver integration
    Wallpapers Integration
    Tweaks
    Services
    ISO Creation
    Presets
    UAC trigger
    Clean mount folder

System Requirements:

    Host OS: Windows Vista or Windows 7 (32-bit or 64-bit)
    .Net Framework 3.5 (for Windows Vista)
    WAIK for Windows 7
    Windows installation source

Important Notes from the Developer before using the Tool:

    Make sure you have enough free space (at least 5 GB) in your drive where 

7Customizer is located (7Customizer will warn you if the drive does not have 

sufficient space).
    It is highly recommended to run the program in a folder that does not have 

white spaces in its name. For example, C:7Customizer
    It is highly recommended to place your installation source in a directory that 

does not have white spaces in its name. For example, C:win7
    When choosing the path for ImageX and DISM, make sure you choose the same exe 

architecture (x86 or amd64) as your Windows, e.g. when using Windows 7 x64, choose 

the ImageX located in amd64 inside the WAIK installation.
    Always test the result in a virtual machine first.
    It is highly recommended to use 7Customizer on an unmodified (clean, 

untouched) Windows installation source.
    Fill the whole information in the unattended part or the setup will fail.

Known Issues:

    7Customizer fails to read the images information correctly.
    7Customizer might not label the ISO.
    When selecting updates, sometime you will be able to select one update only. 

If you select more than one update 7Customizer will crash.


ENJOY  &  SEED!!!