Date: 	11-27-12
Host: 	Rob Simone
Guests: 	David Weatherly, Jay Weidner

Filling in for George, Rob Simone (email) welcomed author, paranormal investigator, cryptozoologist, and ufologist, David Weatherly, who delved into his fascinating study of the Black Eyed Children phenomenon. Painting a picture of a typical incident, he described what happened to a man named Paul who was home alone when he heard knocking at the door. He opened the door and saw two kids about 10 years old, standing on his steps with their heads down. "Hey, we just thought we'd stop in for a bit," they said. Paul thought they had the wrong house, but the kids kept insisting that they be asked in. He stepped forward to get a better look, and when they made eye contact he saw their entire eyes were solid black, including the sclera.

The incidents or visitations usually involve from 1-3 children, and they speak in a monotone voice, repeating the same phrases (always requesting to be let inside), which suggests they may be attempting some kind of mind control or hypnosis, Weatherly said. Their skin is usually described as being pale or pasty, and they often seem to vanish at a moment's notice, he continued. In another case, a man in Dallas suddenly saw a boy at his door as he was arriving home. The boy repeated "I think it's food time. You should invite me inside." Intriguingly, the man's protective pit bull which initially came running toward the front door, cowered when it got closer to the boy, and then reportedly whimpered and hid under the bed for days afterward.

Other anomalies connected to the Black Eyed Children (who usually appear to be from 8-13 years old) include electrical phenomena such as garage doors inexplicably opening, and their odd clothes which look to be homemade or old-fashioned. Weatherly postulated that these sinister children could be interdimensional beings that come into our level of existence in order to feed off the energy of fear that they create by their interactions. Interestingly, one abductee he interviewed said that the Black Eyed Child she encountered was an alien-human hybrid, and she was his mother.
Kubrick & Faked Apollo Footage

First hour guest, author and filmmaker Jay Weidner shared his hypothesis that the late film director Stanley Kubrick was involved in faking moon landing footage for NASA, using his "Front Screen Projection" technique. NASA may have been concerned about the public witnessing accidents live on TV, or the Soviet Union getting a look at their secret equipment, so they decided for publicity reasons it was better to have footage shot on Earth, he explained. Further, Weidner believes Kubrick planted enigmatic clues in films such as The Shining that reference his involvement in creating the moon footage.
Website(s):

    leprechaunpress.com
   
    jayweidner.com
    sacredmysteries.com

Video(s):

    Kubrick's Odyssey Part 1
    Beyond the Infinite - Kubrick's Odyssey II

Book(s):

    Black Eyed Children

