POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

 

POtHS - Bible Study - 129 - David Wilkerson - The End Of All Things



POtHS Comment: His BLOOD is the only thing that Redeems us.

Description:

David Wilkerson Sermons:
The Reverend David Wilkerson is an American Christian evangelist. He is also the founding Pastor of Times Square Church in New York City, an interdenominational church, and President of World Challenge, Inc.  Wilkerson's sermons are known for being direct and frank. He emphasizes Christian beliefs, such as: God's holiness and righteousness, God's love towards humans and especially Christian views of Jesus. Wilkerson tries to avoid categorizing Christians into distinct groups according to the parish they belong to, and as such he is considered by many to be a truly ecumenical evangelist.


Included sermons:
Getting Ready For The End Of All Things -
In his first letter to the church, Peter speaks of the last days. He states bluntly: ΓÇ£The end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer. And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves: for charity shall cover the multitude of sinsΓÇ¥ (1 Peter 4:7ΓÇô8).


Satans Final War Plan Exposed -
Believers are admonished and commanded to watch and pray so that we are not ignorant of the enemy's attacks. By the power of the Holy Spirit, Pastor David masterfully tells believers what to expect from the enemy and how to protect ourselves from the onslaught of evil that he will use to get our eyes off Jesus.

There is great attack against those on the "front lines" in ministry. The devil is aiming all of his amunition toward those who "love God and are the called according to His purpose." This is a message about the war with the principalities, a war that true ChristianΓÇÖs fight each and every day. This spiritual war was declared in the Garden of Eden but in these last days Satan is changing his plans. Time is near and Satan knows that his time is short. Since the cross, Satan has approached this spiritual warfare in a different way for those that are covered by the blood of Jesus Christ.
----------------------------------------------------------

That Dreadful Day (the coming economic collapse) -
Preached in 2009, this was after the 2008 collapse, and more pertinent now, as this was the start of what he always said would come, the same year one of his last prophecies, called an urgent message, he spoke of fires, riots, famine and the fall of America, 2009 is not that long ago, it was a true and urgent message indeed, he said he did not know when it would be but was coming soon.

Note; in this sermon it is 2009 note what Wilkerson says concerning  the Iranian PM- President? said to his inner circle would happen in three years, that is 2012 folks , this year.
----------------------------------------------------------



                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
