POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 93 - Riptide


POtHS says: Very Good.

Description:

Full length documentary explores how the Jesus Movement helped save America, and the amazing story of how misfits became ministers. Features a dramatic reenactment of Mike Macintosh's radical conversion and locations including Austria, Israel, India, England and the United States.

Hear what today's church leaders think about the future of the church.

5 of 5 Stars! Riptide - DVD ΓÇô Shawn Y, 09/01/2011
Please be aware that this DVD is a brief history of Calvary Chapel. If you are against the teachings of the Calvary Movement, you may want to pray before viewing. I personally belong to a Calvary Chapel, and until this dvd never understood why I felt so at home in my church. I was addicted, and all of the feelings associated with my disease were released through my relationship with Christ. But before that door could be opened, I needed to feel welcome and Calvary Chapel welcomed me in at my lowest point and said, Come and seek rest and comfort in Christ..just as you are.

4 of 5 Stars! Riptide - DVD ΓÇô Kathleen R, 05/24/2011
Good documentary on Chuck Smith and how Calvary Chapel began. We enjoyed it.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

 