VACCINATE, DON'T VACCINATE

IT'S YOUR FREEDOM, IT'S YOUR CHOICE

IT'S YOUR DECISION.

Are we saying, ΓÇ£Don't get vaccinated, don't vaccinate your
childrenΓÇ¥?

ABSOLUTELY NOT.

We aren't advising or demanding anything. We aren't medical
doctors, either. We're independent researchers. Which means we rely on our own intelligence, experience, skills, and commitment to finding the best truths we can. We consult the best sources we can find. So none of these statements we make in this seminar are intended to prevent, alleviate, treat, or cure disease. They are intended as education only. And we happen to believe that education is one of the most powerful forces in the world.

Another one is freedom, the freedom to make your own decisions.

Jon Rappoport has worked as an independent investigative reporter for 30 years. Nominated early in his career for a Pulitzer Prize, he has published articles on medical fraud, politics, and health for LA Weekly, CBS Healthwatch, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers in the US and Europe. The author of INC., Oklahoma Bombing, The Ownership of All Life, and The Secret Behind Secret Societies, Jon was one of the early bloggers, and has been writing, since 2000 at his site, www.nomorefakenews.com.

Jon has hosted radio shows in Las Vegas and Los Angeles, and ran for a Congressional seat, in 1994, in Los Angeles, on a platform of Health Freedom. He has delivered many seminars to audiences around the world.

Robert Scott Bell hosts the fastest two hours of healing information on radio, dealing with everyday health issues from the perspective of alternative/holistic health care. Robert Scott Bell tackles the tough issues and shows no fear when confronting government and corporate bullies who would stand in the way of health freedom. Robert Scott Bell is a homeopathic practitioner with a passion for health and healing unmatched by anybody on radio. He personally overcame numerous chronic diseases using natural healing principles and has dedicated his life to revealing the healing power within all of us.