THE ULTIMATE TOPAZ WORKSHOP

Ready to experience Topaz in a new way? A standalone application that can also be accessed as a plug-in, photoFXlab™ is the ultimate hub for all things Topaz. 

With instant access to all of the Topaz plug-ins, photoFXlab™ easily connects you to all of your Topaz effects in a searchable library. Featuring a layered workflow with masking capabilities, selective enhancement brushes with edge-aware technology and a fun new way to InstaTone™ your images, photoFXlab™ is the new way to experience Topaz.

STREAMLINE YOUR TOPAZ WORKFLOW

With a synergized workspace dedicated to your favorite Topaz tools, photoFXlab™ complements your existing Topaz workflow - giving you the perfect Topaz workshop to create stunning photos. Built for convenience, flexibility and simplicity, photoFXlab™ will help boost productivity and transform the way you edit with Topaz.

Instantly Apply Effects - Use the searchable effects library to explore and apply presets without having to access your plug-ins. With over 500 effects, the possibilities are endless!

Quick Access to Plug-ins - And if you want to make your own effects, photoFXlab™ offers speedy access to all of your Topaz plug-ins. See here for details.

Convenient Editing - Refine your enhancements using the convenient adjustment sliders and editing tools, featuring the new IntelliColor™ technology.

INSTATONE™ TECHNOLOGY

Instantly apply tone to your images using the new InstaTone™ technology, a toning module that allows you to quickly apply a tone from another photo to yours. With several image libraries, including popular image sites 500px.com and 1x.com, finding inspiration is easy and fun!

EDGE-AWARE BRUSHES

Masking and selective adjustments are a breeze in photoFXlab™, thanks to the edge-aware brushes. Selective adjustment brushes included in the program are Dodge/Burn, Saturation and Smooth/Detail…just set the edge awareness strength and easily brush in adjustments exactly where you need them.

Systen Requirements

- Requires Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8. (32-bit and 64-bit)
- Requires at least 2 GB RAM. (more recommended)
- Video Card should support OpenGL 2.1 technology and later (A better video card will increase performance even more so than a faster computer processor.)
- Compatible with Adobe Photoshop CS3-CS6 (32-bit and 64-bit), Photoshop Elements 6-11, PaintShop Pro, Photo Impact and Serif Photo Plus. 
- Compatible with Lightroom 2-4

Language : English

Homepage : http://www.topazlabs.com/photofxlab/#1