Title: Mike Patton 101: A Crash Course on the Works of Mike Patton

Genre: Avant Garde,Pop,Metal,Hip-hop,Rock,Italian Orchestra,Late 19th Century Native American,Jazz,and all sorts of other noise.

Artist: Mike Patton and a ton of other folks.

Quality: Most are 320k a couple aren't.


Information: 

     This is something for people who are interested in Mike but haven't had a chance to hear a whole lot of his work. Or for the person who wants to add a little more Mike into their catalog. Even for the person who has heard a lot of Mike's work but couldn't get down on some of it because, it was to much for them. So here are a lot of songs ranging through a lot of his different projects, most of these are pretty Ear Friendly selections that I think will be an easy introduction to the man's eclectic body of work. Ranging From Metal to Jazz to Hip hop influenced styles. Mike Patton is THE genius of the music industry and my Idol.

Again this is not a discography and this is definitely not a "Best Of" Compilation. Just some "easier to listen to" tracks By our Favorite Mad Scientist.


Track List:

1.Man Alone in Steam bath- Mike Patton

2.Squeeze Me Macaroni- Mr.Bungle

3.Goodbye Sober Day- Mr.Bungle

4.Book of the Month- Lovage

5.Anger Management- Lovage

6.Mine(Andy Wallace Mix)- Sepultura ft.Mike Patton

7.Look Away(MasterVibe Mix)-Sepultura ft. Mike Patton,Jonathan Davis,DJ Lethal 

8.The Waste- Sepultura ft. Mike Patton

9.Who is it?- Bjork ft. Mike Patton

10.Der Golem- Fantomas

11.Twin Peaks:Fire Walk With Me- Fantomas

12.Litany V- Moonchild

13.Epic- Faith No More

14.Stripsearch- Faith No More

15.Zombie Eaters- Faith No More

16.Deep Down- Mondo Cane

17.No Flag- Dub Trio ft. Mike Patton

18.We're Not Alone(Dub Trio Remix)- Peeping Tom

19.We're Not Alone(Redux)- Peeping Tom ft. Dan The Automator

20.Don't Even Trip- Peeping Tom ft. Amon Tobin

21.A Perfect Twist(Vocal)-Mike Patton

22.Kool-Aid Party- Team Sleep ft. Mike Patton

23.Get Up,Punk!- General Patton vs. The X-ecutioners

24.Mayday- Tomahawk 

25.Antelope Ceremony- Tomahawk

26.Omaha Dance- Tomahawk


Note: In the torrent they are all labeled as Mike Patton being the artist and the album is labeled mike patton 101. The songs are labeled with the song title and the band who played the song with Mike P