Lock! Encrypt! Backup! Anywhere. Anytime.

Folder Lock is a full-suite data security solution for Windows 8, 7, Vista, XP, Server 2003 and Server 2008 (including their 32 and 64 bit variants.) Folder Lock is the world leader in data protection with more than 25 million downloads so far. It is the most comprehensive solution for data security available on the internet. 

 Folder Lock comes with a perfect combination of seven (7) security tools, letting you encrypt your important files using 256-bit on-the-fly encryption; back them up in real-time to an online storage, and store them to any portable device. The program also lets you lock files, folders and drives; save your personal information in Wallets; shred files and clean your Windows History.
The most comprehensive data protection and online backup suite. 
Option to either Encrypt or Lock, choices useful for both power users and casual users. Those who want ultimate security can choose encryption. Those who want ultimate speed can choose locking. 
Caters to the ever-growing data protection and storage needs in today's digital environment. 
 A strong industry standard 256-bit AES Encryption is used to encrypt your files for maximum protection. It is one of the most trusted encryption algorithms used in the United States Government, including the U.S Military. 
Lockers CANNOT be deleted on the computer where Folder Lock is installed (based on security settings) and Folder Lock CANNOT be uninstalled without the correct password (based on user settings).  
Create and store Wallets to store ALL your confidential information in a secure way. 
Over 25 Wallets categories to choose from. 
Folder Lock offers full portability. Apart from USB Flash Drives, Folder Lock can even protect CD/DVD-RW, Memory Sticks, and floppy disks. Just simply copy or burn your Locker(s) to your chosen external storage devices.  
Portable Lockers with self-executable applications that run without the need to install Folder Lock on other machines. 
Portable data protection for your external storage devices. 
Remove ALL traces of computer activity. 
Permanently Remove ALL data beyond the point of recoverability. 
Transfer your Locker(s) through emails. Simply share the Locker password with the person you wish to allow access to the protected data in that Locker. Your encrypted data CANNOT be viewed by anyone else, even if they break through your email attachments in between. 

Folder Lock works flawlessly on all Next Technology Windows, i.e. Windows 8 / 7 / Vista / XP / Server 2008 / Server 2003. It is also fully compatible on all disk drives types including FAT32 & NTFS. 
 
Folder Lock does NOT save passwords in the registry or the disk, preventing hackers and crackers.

