Samplitude Music Studio 2013
 

Samplitude® Music Studio 2013 has everything you need to make your own music at home, in your rehearsal space or in your project studio. The combination of intuitive professional studio tools, instruments and high-end effects offers a superb creative environment for music production. It's the ultimate program for multitrack recording, audio editing and composition, sound design, mixing, mastering and releasing
 

The all-in-one solution for your music productions
 
Samplitude® Music Studio 2013 is the perfect complete solution for creating your own music without having to learn all of the complicated technical processes or musical theory. You get all the tools you need for every step of the creative process. From the initial idea, to editing, and on through to the final release - you can do it all in one easy-to-use music production program.

 Enjoy all the advantages of real professional quality studio tools and intuitive workflows designed specifically to meet the high demands of ambitious musicians and producers. 


For singer/songwriters 
Simply record and edit instruments and vocals in studio quality (up to 24-bit/96 kHz) to produce your own songs - get started now! 

For bands in the rehearsal room
 Record your next practice session! Create impressive multitrack recordings and mix them exactly how you want on up to 128 tracks using the multitrack recorder. 

For project studios
 The powerful feature range combines virtual instruments, professional studio effects and intuitive realtime editing with a 100% neutral sound audio engine for uncompromising music production!
 
Supported operating systems
 
Microsoft® Windows® 8 (32-bit and 64-bit)
 Microsoft® Windows® 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
 Microsoft® Windows® Vista© (32-bit and 64-bit)
 Microsoft® Windows® XP (32-bit)
 
Minimum system requirements
 
All MAGIX programs are developed with user-friendliness in mind so that all the basic functions run smoothly and can be fully controlled, even on low-performance computers. Check your operating system’s control panel for technical information about your computer. 
Processor: 1.5 GHz or higher
 RAM: 1 GB
 Graphics card: Onboard graphics card with a screen resolution of at least 1024 x 768
 Sound card: Internal sound card (ASIO-enabled sound card recommended)
 Hard disk memory: 1 GB free disk space for program installation
 Optical drive: DVD drive (only for installation of the box version)
 
Optional:

 Burn: Burn CDs/DVDs with CD/DVD+/-R(W) recorder
 MP3 export: with Windows Media Player 10 or higher
 
Note: The program's internal online services and the online update require an Internet connection.
 
Supported file formats:
 
Import/Export: WAV with codec, MP3, CD-A, OGG Vorbis, AIFF, FLAC
 Import: MIDI standard formats (MID, GM, GS, XG), WAV (24- & 32-bit)
 Export: MIDI standard formats (MID), WAV (24-bit)
 

Homepage: http://www.magix.com/int/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 