USB Disk Security

USB Disk Security is the best software to block threats that can damage your PC or compromise your personal information via USB storage.

Benefits and Features

Block known and unknown threats from removable media

Best solution to protect offline computer

Prevent unauthorized persons from stealing your data

Compatible with other security software

Compatible with all popular Windows platforms

Fastest and lightest security software

Free upgrades

Product Highlights

100% protection against any malicious programs via USB drive
USB Disk Security uses innovative technology to block known and unknown threats via USB drive. It supports USB drive, flash disk, secure digital card, thumb drive, pen drive, removable storage, ipod, and more. 

The best solution to protect offline computer
Other antivirus software should update virus database regularly, and they cannot effectively protect offline computers that are not connected to the Internet. When new viruses, worms and other malicious attacks strike, traditional signatures are insufficient. Every minute one waits for a virus signature update creates a window of vulnerability that could have devastating consequences. USB Disk Security uses advanced proactive detection techniques, and closes the window of vulnerability left open by other reactive, signature-based responses. 

Data Protection
Deliver high level of protection against theft and accidental disclosure of confidential data. This feature can prevent unauthorized persons from copying your data to USB drives, and it also can stop the threats from USB drive. 

The world's fastest and lightest security software
With USB Disk Security, it's not necessary to sacrifice speed for detection and scanning. Compare antivirus software and you'll discover that USB Disk Security is by far one of the lightest applications in the industry. 

Compatible with other security software and all popular Windows platforms
Incompatibility between antivirus programs is an issue; However, USB Disk Security is fully compatible with other security software. Supports Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2008, 2003.

Simple to use
USB Disk Security has been specifically designed to perform effectively regardless of the user's level of computer expertise. Just install and forget it. 

Free updates
Other antivirus products should be paid for updates every year. The USB Disk Security keys are lifetime. You receive all future program updates free of charge.

Supported OS:

Windows 7/vista/xp

Homepage: http://www.zbshareware.com/solutions/index.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy