Spirits 1.0.2 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$9.99
Category: Games
Updated: Mar 26, 2012
Version: 1.0.2
Size: 83.3 MB
Language: English
Seller: Mattias Ljungstrom
© Spaces of Play, Mattias Ljungström
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6 or later, 64-bit processor

Description

"Art so beautiful it could have been lifted from a Miyazaki movie." –WIRED on iOS version

Autumn is coming. Leaves fall, and spirits rise from the fallen leaves to begin their journey home. You must guide them, without direct control, by changing how the wind blows or by rebuilding the ground. Each spirit can be sacrificed to perform one of four actions - build a bridge of leaves, create a blowing cloud, dig tunnels, or block wind currents in an area. Use your actions wisely or you will run out of spirits. In each level it's up to you to find your own creative solution on how to get the spirits to the goal.


PRAISE AND AWARDS FOR iOS VERSION

"Striking art and innovative gameplay"
–The Escapist

"When the wind physics start to do their thing, the experience is pretty magical."
–Mike Schramm, tuaw.com

"Spirits is clever, challenging, and beautiful" 
–Gamasutra

"There are a number of titles out there that really ooze that special 'indie magic', and Spirits is one of them."
–TouchArcade

"Gorgeous visuals; ambient music; solid level design" 
–Slide To Play


“Winner of the IndieCade Best Aesthetics Award” Culver City, California, USA – 2010
“IGF Best Mobile Game – Honorable Mention” San Francisco, USA – 2011
“Indie Game Challenge Finalist” Las Vegas, USA – 2011
“Sense of Wonder Night Selection” Tokyo, Japan – 2010


VIDEO & SUPPORT

Visit www.spacesofplay.com/spirits to watch a gameplay video.

The game supports any resolution natively up to 2560×1440 pixels, making it look stunning both on a 11" MacBook Air and a 27" iMac alike. The controls offer multi-touch trackpad support for zooming, scrolling and panning. It runs on any Mac produced after mid-2007. (Turn off glow effect for better performance on older computers.)

For questions and support send emails to support@spacesofplay.com.

What's New in Version 1.0.2

* Fixed display problem of Main Menu on some models of Mac Book Air