Release Info:

WinX HD Video Converter Deluxe, all-in-one video software as HD video converter, DVD burner and YouTube online video downloader, can give you ultimate control over your video files. With 160 video codecs and 50 audio codecs packed in, it owns powerful capability to meet all your video conversion requirements without assistance of any third-party codec.

This video software enables you to convert between all mainstream video formats, including High Definition video MKV, M2TS, MTS, AVCHD, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, and regular video AVI, MPEG, MP4, WMV, MOV, FLV, RM, RMVB, WebM, Google TV, etc. Moreover, it features unique technology to support Multi-track HD videos available in BDAV, M2TS, MKV, AVCHD, HDTV and MPEG-TS formats. Thus, without a second thought about format compatibility, you can play your videos with all Windows media players, Surface Tab, iPhone/5/4S, iPad/3/Mini, iPod/5, PSP, Android and DVD player.


Compress and Convert HD Videos at One Go:

It lets you rest assured that all kinds of HD videos can be flawlessly compressed and converted to fit your video players in an easy way, including MKV, AVCHD (M2TS, MTS), MOD, TS, TOD, etc. Its powerful compatibility empowers you to convert MKV to AVI/DVD, MTS/M2TS to AVI/MPEG, and AVCHD to MP4. Just to name a few.

Convert Video to Console/Portable Player:

Enjoy effortless video conversion for your video player with professionally organized presets. Select a device and go! Examples are converting M2TS/MKV to iPhone, AVI/MPEG to iPad, YouTube video to PSP/Xbox, etc. You can enjoy various videos on your iPhone/5/4S, iPad/3/Mini, iPod/5, Surface, PS3, Android, etc.

Online Downloader and Video Converter:

This video software not only supports converting HD videos and regular videos AVI, MP4, MPEG, WMV, MOV, 3GP, but also enables you to download videos from YouTube, Metacafe,etc, convert them into your desired video formats for convenient offline playback or for further edition in Windows Media Center.

Burn Videos to DVD, Create Homemade DVD:

It's a complete solution to convert and burn diverse videos to DVD disc. No matter you wish to make Blu-ray digital copy, backup videos downloaded from website or recorded by HD-camcorder, HDTV, you can rely on WinX HD Video Converter Deluxe. Play your favorite clips with physical DVD player or DVD player software.

Output Video with Highest Possible Quality:

The embedded High Quality Engine and "Yadif Double Frames" De-interlacing Engine deliver the purity of original image quality. On top of this, the adjustable bitrate and resolution parameters enable you to customize all output video and audio settings to balance the video quality and file size as you need.

Unparalleled Video Transcoding Speed:

The feature to support Multi-core CPU of this solid HD video converter allows you to take full advantage of up to 8 Cores to maximally increase the processing speed. The improved configuring for i5 i7 CPU, as well as the optimized AMD 3DNow! and Intel SSE3 SSE2 MMX Instructions deliver 15x faster real time converting speed.