Introduction

Forged from the hammer of Ragnarok, Shreddage is our next-generation multisampled rhythm guitar library for KONTAKT (version 2+) or open-source/cross-platform SFZ format. It has been designed from the ground up to provide the most realistic and flexible sound for rock and metal playing, giving the user the ability to recreate nearly any riff. You wonΓÇÖt find light pop mutes, jazz chords or fake-sounding leads here: just pure, unadulterated ROCK.

Content Overview

Shreddage is a DI guitar sample library like no other. Rather than trying to cover every possible technique or style, it is focused entirely on rhythm playing in a rock/metal style. The result of this intense design focus (and two full years of research and development) is an extremely playable and realistic instrument.

This library isn't just for composers, though it is very easy to use in the context of trailer cues, video game arrangements and other massive productions. It's also a great tool for producers and even guitarists!

Shreddage requires next to no editing or humanization to sound realistic right out of the box, and thus can be dropped in a track to fill it out, doubling a real guitarist or serving as a highly-accurate placeholder or demo until live guitars are recorded.

The Kontakt patches feature a scripted interface that allows you to easily tweak envelopes and EQ, but does not require any sort of fancy keyswitches or MIDI CC control to use. Just load and play - each hand gets a different type of articulation, and velocities handle the rest. Swap out individual patches to tweak your performance multi.

For years we've read that it's simply not possible to have realistic guitar samples without loops. We're confident that with this library, we've proved the doubters wrong!

Instruments

A classic metal guitar run through a pristine, high-end Avalon DI at 24/96, downsampled to 24/44.1. Many strings were harmed in the making of this library. We've also included a small set of high-quality custom virtual amp/cab presets and impulses to help you get an amazing tone in no time at all.




-My first torrent, took me forever to find this when I was looking for it, and since Ive gotten a lot of help from the people on here, thought I would give something back.