

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 109 - Left Behind




POtHS 3 - Bible Movies - 109 - Left Behind

POtHS says: Don't get Left Behind. See Rapture Statement Below

Description:

The third movie in the best-selling Left Behind series!

President Gerald Fitzhugh lives in a different world ΓÇô everyone does.

A year and a half ago the world was hit with the biggest catastrophe it had ever seen. Without warning and without explanation, hundreds of millions of people simply vanished off the face of the earth. The world was in chaos like it had never been before.

Yet somehow one man seemed to rise to the challenge. One man had the strength and conviction to unite a shattered world. One man gave the world hope. That man was NICOLAE CARPATHIA. He now rules the entire world.

Fitzhugh, like most of America , whole-heartedly supports Nicolae's new global leadership, but there are those who do not. A dangerous militia movement and an underground group of born-again Christians actively, but separately, work to bring Nicolae down. Their reasons for resistance may be different, but both groups are labeled as dangerous terrorists that Fitzhugh must stop without mercy.

After an attempt on his life though, Fitzhugh begins to look closer at Nicolae and his new World Government. He forces BUCK WILLIAMS, an international journalist who has an inside track to Nicolae, to help him. Buck is a Christian and believes that Nicolae is actually the prophesied Antichrist, but Fitzhugh wants facts ΓÇô not stories.

With the help of a Militia Spy, Fitzhugh uncovers the government's horrific plans for genocide and quickly he joins the very resistance he had sacrificed so much to destroy. Meanwhile thousands are infected with the government's deadly manufactured virus, including Buck's new wife CHLOE STEELE and his mentor PASTOR BRUCE BARNES.

With time running out both Fitzhugh and Buck must make the toughest decisions of their lives. Will Fitzhugh sacrifice the lives of millions to ultimately save America ? Can Buck lead Fitzhugh to the real truth about Nicolae before it's too late? And after the smoke clears: who will survive World War III?
These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
