The film starts with a bomb explosion at a famous market in Chennai. A group of three journalists, including Bharathi (Genelia D'Souza), commit to eradicating terrorism in the country. The state Home minister is in cahoots with terrorists, who are planning to create tension in the city. However, the journalists' attempt results in the deaths of two journalists and injury to Bharathi. She then comes up with a new idea to eradicate terrorism by creating a fictional character called Velayudham, and writes a note that he wants to clean up the city of bad guys.
Velayudham a.k.a Vel (Vijay) is a milk vendor in a village called Pavunoor, and he has a sister named Kaveri (Saranya Mohan) he loves and a cousin Vaidehi (Hansika Motwani) who is crazy about him. Vel's name coincides with fictional character Velayudham. They all arrive in Chennai to collect money from a chit fund for his sister's marriage, and somehow Speedu (Santhanam) gets part of their money. On chasing Speedu in a railway station, Vel uses a bike to catch him, and it explodes a few seconds later. Next few moments he inadvertedly prevents few bomb blasts and helps catch terrorists, Velayudham becomes a sensation over time. He even manages to save Bharathi in one of the incidents which he never meant for it to happen. Velu is unaware of the consequences, later Bharathi relaises Velu is the guy who has been accidentally doing the work of Velayudham. Bharathi meets him, explains and asks him to become the fictional character, however he refuses. Later Velu goes to draw cash from the chitfund but the company cheats him off his money and the people who are cheated vow that Velayudham will come as thier saviour. Velu seeing this decides to take upon the avatar of Velaudham and starts to do eradicate certain evil that pertains within the society. In process he deals with terrorists and what happens rest is the crux and climax of the movie.

Screenshots
  
http://bayimg.com/faNiEaaDL  
http://bayimg.com/FAnIfAADL  
http://bayimg.com/fAniGAAdL	