                          LiveCode Mobile Development Beginners Guide-2010kaiser





Create fun-filled, rich apps for Android and iOS with LiveCode

    Create fun, interactive apps with rich media features of LiveCode
    Step by step instructions for creating apps and interfaces
    Dive headfirst into mobile application development using LiveCode backed with clear explanations enriched with ample screenshots

In Detail

LiveCode is a tool for developing mobile apps designed for those who don't want to use Objective-C, C++ or Java. Although it is a tool full of rich features to create apps it can be challenging to get beyond the basics and build interactive and fun apps. Using this book, you can develop various apps and this book guides you through 'till you upload the apps in the appstore.

"LiveCode Mobile Development Beginner's Guide" will explain how to create applications with the easiest, most practical cross platform framework available, Livecode Mobile and upload the apps to the appstore with minimal effort..

Throughout the book, you'll learn details that will help you become a pro at mobile app development using LiveCode. You begin with simple calculator application and quickly enhance it using LiveCode Mobile. Start by learning the interface controls for videos and images of LiveCodeΓÇÖs environment. Dig into configuring devices, building user interfaces, and making rich media applications, then finish by uploading the mobile applications to App Stores. You will learn how to build apps for devices such as iPhone, Android with the recently developed LiveCode Mobile through sample applications of increasing complexity.

What you will learn from this book

    Create a simple sample application
    Build the interface and write the code using a Multimedia Scrapbook as an example application.
    Make a 'To do/reminders application'
    Build User Interfaces like Touch interfaces
    Uploading your final app to the App Store
    Create a jigsaw puzzle app that takes advantage of several mobile device features
    Make standard looking buttons and fields, and programmatically create the screen layout

Approach

This book will follow a tutorial style, starting from basic LiveCode coding concepts to its real-world implementation. It will teach developers how to use this new framework to develop interactive, cross-platform mobile applications.

Who this book is written for

If you are a developer, consultant or student looking to create fast, scalable mobile applications, then this book is for you. Basic knowledge of programming such as understanding variables, expressions, control structures and functions is required.



Paperback: 246 pages
 
Publisher: Packt Publishing
 
Author(s): Holgate Colin
 
Language: English
 
ISBN-10: 1849692483
 
ISBN-13: 9781849692489


ENJOY AND SEED!!!