Art of Drawing People: Discover simple techniques for drawing a variety of figures and portraits (Collector's Series)
by Debra Kauffman Yaun, William Powell, Ken Goldman and Walter Foster
Walter Foster | April 2008 | ISBN-10: 1600580696 | PDF | 144 pages | 31.4 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Art-Drawing-People-techniques-Collectors/dp/1600580696

Learn to draw faces, features, and figures in graphite, with inspiration from 4 accomplished artists

Packed with practical advice, helpful tips, and fundamental techniques, this comprehensive, 144-page book is an essential resource to which artists of all skill levels will refer again and again. The Art of Drawing People comprises instruction from a group of four experienced artists who demonstrate the processes of drawing the human head and clothed figure from infancy through old age in a variety of poses. The talented authors also share their knowledge about underlying anatomy, ethnic influences, and natural variations in shape, texture, and proportion, as well as basic information about drawing tools and pencil techniques.

About the Authors
Debra Kauffman Yaun discovered that she had a knack for drawing people when she was a young girl growing up in Tampa, Florida. After graduating from the Ringling School of Art and Design in Sarasota, Florida, Debra worked as a fashion illustrator. She has drawn and painted many commissioned portraits, several of which have been of children-her favorite subject to draw. Debra's artwork has been published in several art magazines and books, and she has won numerous awards, including an international prize. She is a signature member of the Colored Pencil Society of America, having served as president of the Atlanta chapter, and she is a juried member of the Portrait Society of Atlanta.
Ken Goldman teaches portrait, figure, and landscape painting at the Athenaeum School of Fine Art in La Jolla, California. He studied figure drawing and painting at the New York Studio School, National Academy of Design, and Art Students League in New York; portraiture and figure drawing with Vern Wilson of the Los Angeles Art Center; and watercolor painting with Liane Collot D'Herbois in Europe. Ken's art has been exhibited extensively and appeared in numerous magazines.
Walter T. Foster was born in Woodland Park, Colorado, in 1891. In his younger years, he worked as a sign painter and a hog medicine salesman. He also performed in a singing and vaudeville act. Walter invented the first postage-stamp vending machine and drew political caricatures for several large newspapers. He's well known as an accomplished artist, art instructor, and art collector. In the 1920s, while running his own advertising agency and instructing young artists, Walter began writing self-help art instruction books. Walter passed away in 1981, but he is fondly remembered for his warmth, dedication, and unique instruction books 