Philadelphia-born, Los Angeles-based singer/songwriter Christina Perri found herself bearing the complex weight 
of a surprise platinum-selling hit in 2010 with the bare-bones break-up ballad "Jar of Hearts." 
Her performance of the track on the Fox show So You Think You Can Dance landed her a contract with Atlantic Records, 
and with that, the pressures of eking out a quality, full-length debut in time to capitalize on her overnight success 
(listeners who picked up the rushed, 2010 Ocean Way Sessions EP will find most of the cuts here in attendance). 
Luckily, the tracks that make up Lovestrong, are cut from the same cloth as her signature hit. 
Songs like "Bluebird," "Arms," "Sad Song," and "Black + Blue," the latter of which feels like an update on events post-"Jar of Hearts," 
find Perri in her comfort zone, trading barbs with past lovers over melodies spawned from countless hours listening to 
Brandi Carlile's "The Story," Radiohead's "Creep," and JewelΓÇÖs "Who Will Save Your Soul?" ItΓÇÖs a formula she rarely deviates from, 
and at 15 cuts, the endless soul searching and constant barrage of wine glass-gazing, post-relationship, magnetic poetry can get a bit thin, 
but her pleasant, even-handed voice and gifts for using familiar melodies in new and surprising ways (witness the countless YouTube mash-ups of "Jar of Hearts" 
and Beyonce's "Halo") helps to keep Lovestrong from sinking itself, no matter how much its author wishes for the cold comfort of deep waters. 


Artist: Christina Perri
Album: Lovestrong
Ripped From: Store Purchased CD
Ripped with: dBpoweramp 14.2
Format: FLAC

1. "Bluebird" 3:49
2. "Arms" 4:21
3. "Bang Bang Bang" 3:05
4. "Distance" 3:46
5. "Jar of Hearts" 4:06
6. "Mine" 3:33
7. "Interlude" 0:51
8. "Penguin" 4:36
9. "Miles" 4:04
10. "The Lonely" 3:52
11. "Sad Song" 4:29
12. "Tragedy" 4:40

***NOTICE***
Troll's stay clear: I bought the CD, I purchased dBpoweramp to rip, I verified meta information, Checked the disk against accurate rip. I am sharing my collecting to grow the FLAC collection out there for my fellow audiophiles.
I am currently living in the Philippines and that is where I am upping from so sorry if the upspeed isn't FANTASTIC and IF it happens to drop sometimes. 
Seed if you like the torrent, and even better support the artist that you enjoy listening to!

Oh and for those who will say "I hate flac" please see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FLAC

IF YOU WOULD LIKE ME TO MAKE AN 320 MP3 LAME (CBR or VBR) Please make a request in the comments or a message, don't just flame the comments please.