CollageIt Pro Edition

Make photo collages Windows

 CollageIt is an easy-to-use photo collage maker for Windows, which makes collage automatically. In a matter of seconds, this collage software can turn any ordinary photos into impressive collages.Try this free collage maker to produce you own style collages and share them with your friends and families in a unique way.

What can CollageIt do?

Collage & Scrapbook
Showcase treasured photos of a holiday, a family vacation, a wedding celebration, or favorite moment in a stunning collage.

Photo Album 
Generate the self-made photo albums automatically to immortalize the perfect day.

Poster 
Make custom poster for decorating, advertising, propaganda and visual appeal.

Key Features

Automatic, Easy to Use and Powerful
There is no need to make any manual adjustments since this collage editor can create photo collage automatically with just a few mouse clicks. It is easy enough for the users of all experienced level.WYSIWYGΓÇöReal-time preview with high speed.Great capacity can accommodate a handful of photos up to 200.Diverse types of photo collage can be created and A1 size or even larger size is available.

Various Collage Templates to Choose
Choose the collage layout with various collage templates or create picture collage on Mac OS X & Windows with blank one.Many kinds of pre-designed templates included, users can select a style at their will.Various collage layouts can be found in the templates.

Customize Photo Collages Freely
Set page size and collage background to meet your needs.Easily design your picture collages with variable parameters provided, such as photo count, photo space, page margin, rotation and sparse.Photo frames and shadow added for decoration.Cropping photo is available so that the photos in the collage can fit well into the chosen collage space.ΓÇ£Random LayoutΓÇ¥ can continuously generate all kinds of collage layouts in seconds by just a click.

Share the Collage Anywhere
Save the collages as JPEG, PNG, PDF, PSD or other images formats and print it out.Send it to family members and friends via Email.Easily set your photo collage as your desktop wallpaper.Share your beautiful collages on Flickr and Facebook.

Supported OS:

Requirements: Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, 2003, VISTA or Windows7

Homepage: http://www.collageitfree.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.