The films soundtrack is a delicate mix of the urgency and fever of overwhelming lust with sexy and youthful sound of the Knife ‘Pass this on’ and Fever Ray ‘Keep the Streets Empty for Me’ and the deflating heartache of lovelorn with Bach ‘Suite No.1’ and ‘Suite No.3’ and Wagner ‘Parsifal: Prelude to act 1’.

 The hip downtown scene of Quebec cities is encapsulated with these dance-electronic hits. Youthful energy and the sweaty resilience of desperate and smitten lovers emanates as the Knife’s “Pass this on’ uninhibitedly croons ‘I’m in love with your brother’ to thick reverberations. A nod to best-selling French new wave band Indochine deepens the pulsating trend of electronic dance music and the erotic routine of scouting potential loves.

Although Bach and Wagner’s pieces seem to comprise a romantic and uplifting sense, I would argue it is the looming despair and sadness that brings a sense of reality about unrequited love to the movie. And perhaps an idea of a lasting love but one that is left to yearn and pine for, not revel and enjoy. It is this sense of emotion that brings depth to Dolan’s films; he is able to write comically and add light to very human emotions, but he is still seemingly aware of their ultimate and devastating impact.

-The inclusion of Dalida’s cover of ‘Bang Bang’—ever present in the trailer—seems to encompass a few themes within the film. There is a cheesiness quality to the song (maybe from incessant covers and use), sassiness and an element of regret and finality. This French addition is good separately and in the film, it complements the cheekiness that Dolan seems to play with.

 Undoubtedly, the soundtrack is a side note to waves of positive reviews surfacing about this film, it’s ingenuity and brilliance. This soundtrack is merely the icing of another story of lust and heartbreak atop the plentiful bounds of copious emotions.

Track Listing
Dalida- Bang Bang
House of Pain- Jump Around
The Knife- Pass this on
Sting- Every Breath You Take
Fever Ray- Keep the Streets Empty for Me
Indochine- 3ème Sexe
Comet Gain- Love Without Lies
Bach- Suite No.1
Bach- Suite No.3
Wagner- Parsifal: Prelude to act 1
Indochine -3ème sexe 
France Gall -Cet Air-Lá
The police- Every Breath you Take
Renée Martel- Viens changer ma vie
Vive la Fete- Exactement
Comet Grain- Love without lies