Cody Johnson - Six Strings, One Dream  2009



A relatively new face that is bound to gain increasing attention on the Texas/Red Dirt scene in 2010 is twentysomething Huntsville, Texas, country singer-songwriter Cody Johnson.

Johnson, along with the Cody Johnson Band, has been making the rounds largely in Southeast Texas in the past year or so but with the independent release of "Six Strings One Dream," we find Johnson covering all sorts of lyrical territory.

A good example would be "Pray For Rain," a heartfelt song about a farmer facing hard times in the face of a drought. CJB's fiddle player, Chris Whitten, is a Lawton native who was recently touring with Kevin Fowler's band. Here, Whitten really adds a feeling of authenticity to the strong song.

"Nobody to Blame," the single, is an acoustic country ballad that sounds all the sweeter with Whitten's fiddle.

With its fresh, clean guitar sound, Johnson's voice soars on in "Finally Free."

The road map painted on "Texas Kind of Way" is a little clich?, but the rockin' guitar solo gives it an appealing edginess that works for Johnson.

There's no getting around the fact that "Slam the Door" sounds like a Waylon Jennings song. Johnson shares vocals with Texas music newcomer Brison Bursey of the Brison Bursey Band. This is the best song on the album.

Producer Keith Davis, a guitarist in his own right who is with the Scott Wiggins Band, helps showcase Johnson's strong whiskey-kissed vocals and the solid musicianship of guitarist Matt Rogers, bassist Danny Salinas and drummer Nathan Reedy, a Bartlesville native.

"Six Strings One Dream" is a fine album and one worthy of further attention on the Texas/Red Dirt/country music scene.

Tracklist:
1. Another Try
2. Pretend
3. Im Not Responsible
4. No Tears In My Eyes
5. Pray For Rain (#1 Hit)
6. Finally Free
7. Nobody To Blame
8. Seeing The Light
9. Slam The Door
10.Texas Kind Of Way

Bitrate:mp3, 320 kbps  Size: 89 MB


Cody Johnson - Different Day (2011)



Tra╤üklist:
01. 18 Wheels
02. Guilty As Can Be
03. Diamond In My Pocket
04. Keep Her Man
05. A Different Day
06. Ride With Me
07. The Way She Loves Me
08. What's Left Of Texas?
09. Get Back Home To You
10. Ocean Of Whiskey
11. I Don't Care About You
12. Jesus Ain't Watching
13. The Grandpa Song

Bitrate:mp3, 256 kbps  Size: 94 MB
