Danny Bryant is a Blues-rock guitarist – oldskool. He plays his axe like it is a part of his body and wrings massive runs and riffs out of it in the style of his heroes and mentors – guys like Walter Trout, Stevie Ray, Johnny Winter have all influenced his sound – but with his own twists and blasts. Like I said, oldskool.

He is also one of those who is at their best on stage where they can measure the response of the crowd and feed into it, building something that is quite wonderful for both artist and listener. I have enjoyed his studio albums in the past but they are nothing like seeing this young bruiser live. His earlier live album was pretty good but that was also a few years back and there have been many, many thousands of miles pounding the European circuit since.
There no frills here, just the sound of a big man playing his heart out. No clever studio trickery, no backing tapes, no synthesised ‘gubbins’: this is a classic three piece Blues band unashamedly playing the style that has been around since forever and doing it damn well.

This was recorded in Holland, in front of the sort of capacity crowd that only a few manage to attract here – that is our loss – and it captures him at his absolute best.

Kicking off with a massive solo, loads of twiddles and screaming notes, he sets up for the other his bass and drums to kick in as he hits the riff that leads in to ‘Tell Me’ and he just tears up the ground with some blistering guitar and his raw and throaty vocal. He puts more into one number than most do in a night!
‘Just As I Am’ follows with some deeply emotional playing and vocals, pulling the heart out of every note he plays and just burying the song in an avalanche of just what the crowd is there for.
‘Love Of Angels’ shows he can do the subtle stuff as well and he has a voice that is perfectly suited to a Blues ballad but then he hits yet another highspot with John Hiatt’s brilliant ‘Master Of Disaster’ which could just about have been written for Bryant: “A Master of Disaster, getting tangled in his telecaster, he can't play it any faster, when he pays the blues” and “with every note he shook the plaster, he's a mean old basterd when he plays the blues”.
He takes to the acoustic for ‘One Look’, his voice quivering with emotion, before he is back to normal on Buddy Guy’s ‘My Baby’s A Superstar’.
You gotta love a guy who takes on Dylan’s ‘Knocking On Heaven’s Door’ and gives it back to the Blues but everything that has gone before is only a setup for the closer ‘Always With Me’, a Blues ballad that just builds and builds, ebbing and flowing, until the audience and the band are in the same state of emotional turmoil – spent.

The performance is superb and the recording excellent and the way it has been mixed puts you right in the middle of the crowd – on of those rare live albums that captures a band at the peak of its playing.