Year:2006
Language: English
crack: license+crack

"Movimento is a state-of-the-art
video-based motion capture solution "Powered by SMART", REALVIZ' powerful
automatic 3D tracking engine. Demonstrations of Movimento connected to a 4
CCD camera capture system will take place at the SIGGRAPH Exhibition
(REALVIZ booth 419) from Aug 1-3, 2006.

Movimento requires a minimum of 2 cameras upwards, which can be either fixed
or moving. Any frame rate and/or resolution may also be used. Mocap data
from Movimento can also be exported to Autodesk MotionBuilder, 3ds Max, Maya
and SOFTIMAGE|XSI for further manipulation. Custom computations and/or
exports can be realized through scripting (Python, Perl, TCL/TK). REALVIZ
Movimento offers users an affordable, accurate and highly flexible motion
capture solution, without the need for a motion capture studio.

Movimento "Powered By SMART"
SMART ('Scalable Matching Architecture for Tracking') is a powerful
automatic tracking kernel, based on new generation algorithms, which brings
radical performance increase to the REALVIZ tracking products. This new
technology, which debuted in 2005, provides 2D tracking up to 6 to 10 times
faster than previous engines, whilst simultaneously making optimum use of
available processing power. SMART also produces much higher quality feature
tracks than previously, more steady, with a longer lifespan and fewer
interruptions and drops. The SMART tracking engine also automatically places
significantly more tracking points on footage, as well as enabling users to
adjust the tracker quantity factor - for smarter and more reliable solves
than ever before.

REALVIZ 'SMART' tracking technology is acknowledged as the 'weapon of
choice' for post-production professionals worldwide, and has been used to
create stunning visual effects in many recent major movies, including:
'Superman Returns', 'V for Vendetta', 'Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire',
'Lord of War', 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory', 'Sin City', 'Kung Fu
Hustle', 'The Day After Tomorrow', 'Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow',
'Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban' and 'Alien vs. Predator'.