Games : Windows : English :

About the Game

Built upon over 10 yearsΓÇÖ experience, Arma 2 thrusts gamers into the heart of the most realistic military combat simulation ever developed, featuring cutting edge technology, vast, detailed environments and authentically modeled units, weapons and vehicles. Branching, player-driven campaigns offer solo gameplay, accompanied by a huge range of single player modes.

Arma 2:
The 27th MEU Marines deploys to Chernarus, country in the middle of civil war; an elite 5-man Force Reconnaissance Team, ΓÇ£RazorΓÇ¥, is among the first to fight. Caught between the might of the USMC offshore and the Russians anxiously watching from the north, the fate of Chernarus balances on a razor's edge...

    Unrivalled realism: accurate ballistics; dynamic weather & environmental effects.
    300+ weapons, models, air, land & sea vehicles!
    Unmatched Landscape: 225 km2 of detailed real-data environment
    Advanced AI: no scripts, no predefined pathways!
    Intuitive, powerful mission editor with a dedicated creative online community 

Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead:
3 years after the conflict in Chernarus, a new flashpoint explodes in the Green Sea Region. Coalition forces led by the US Army are deployed to Takistan. Enlist into various roles within the US Army, from basic infantrymen, through special operatives, to pilots and tank crew!

    New SP campaign & scenarios
    3 new large scale maps of Central Asian setting.
    Dozens of new vehicles and weapons
    Thermal imaging and new weapons optics
    Controllable Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV)
    Deployable backpacks for equipment


PC System Requirements (minimum)


    Processor: Dual Core CPU for Intel or AMD
    Memory / RAM: 1 GB
    Video Card: Nvidia Geforce 7800 / ATI Radeon 1800 or faster with Shader Model 3 and 256 MB VRAM
    Hard Disk Space: 17 GB
    Operating System: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7






NOTES : 
This is a full game already cracked ,just install and play.
Single Player = working full game.
If you want to play multiplayer buy game.

Included:
Harvest Red
Operation Arrowhead
Operation Black gauntlet
Eagle Wing

Expansions:
Arma 2: - 1.11.86734
Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead  - 1.62.95248
Arma 2: British Armed Forces (Lite)
Arma 2: Private Military Company (Lite)
Arma 2: Army of the Czech republic (Lite)





More info and support here :
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=246.msg3407#msg3407


If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .