Proudly Presents

Stronghold Crusader HD (c) FireFly Studios

Release On : 3 November 2012 Disk Amount/Format : 1 DVD ISO
Type of Game : Strategy Media Protection : Nothing

Release Information:
Journey to distant Arabian lands renowned for brave warriors and fearsome
weaponry in FireFly Studios' Stronghold Crusader. This highly anticipated
successor to the best-selling Stronghold combines the finest aspects of a
City Builder and RTS. Lead a determined group of Crusaders, forged by
centuries of barbaric foreign invader amidst the haze of the desert heat.
Now you have the chance to relive the historic Crusades in four campaigns
as Richard the Lionheart and Saladin, the Sultan of Syria. Attack the
strongholds of fierce rival lords during the intense new "Crusader Mode".
Conquer the "Crusader Trail" - 50 linked skirmish missions, each one more
challenging than the last! Storm enemy barricades with over 25 units!
Create an awe inspiring fortress in the Castle Builder mode! Design
challenging new scenarios with the full-featured map and scenario editor!
Join for the ultimate crusade for the crown! Crush up to 8 friends in
multiplayer Skirmish Mode via LAN or over the Internet!

HD Features:

The new package includes the original Stronghold Crusader and Stronghold
Crusader HD, which supports higher resolutions and the new HD battlefield
view, which allows you to view the entire map.

Stronghold Crusader HD comes packaged with content from both the
Stronghold Warchest and Stronghold Crusader Extreme, including an
increased unit cap of 10,000, new missions and special Tactical Powers.

Join the Crusaders and Saladin s forces in four historical campaigns

Fight in 50 skirmishes, each one more challenging than the last

Use new units like assassins and mercenary soldiers to your advantage

Burn/mount, install, play!

NOTE: Check DVD out for bonus content!

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO

(C) E/dfs
" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER! "


Poster:

 
http://imgon.net/di-GQ5W.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://imgon.net/di-GE7Z.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-JISF.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-B3CI.jpg


ENJOY!