The Tempest (2012) 
Directed by Des McAnuff and Shelagh O'Brien 
Released as a dvd in December 2012
Produced by Christopher Plummer
runtime 2 hours 11 mins.
IMDB listing tt1683003

stars

Christopher Plummer
Trish Lindstrom 
Dion Johnstone 
and Julyana Soelistyo as Ariel

A live performance recording of Shakespeare's The Tempest at the Stratford Theater originally broadcast on television.

What the dvd medium does is allow those who cannot afford to see live theater have the experience, at least in some sense, of the stage as an artform largely lost due to mass media.  This may seem facile and obvious.  But when you see the extraordinary capability of what theater can do today it rivals the presence, depth and wonder of those CGI techniques which are so familiar to us as viewers of films.

The Stratford Theater production by Des McAnuff first appears as what Peter Brooke called The Empty Space:  a flat stage resembling a shard of the wrecked ship or perhaps the floor of a rough dwelling where the beams are left uneven at the edges.  All the action takes place here but stay tuned for the "in house" effects as the play progresses.

The story is well- known and the characters familiar if only for the production for film starring Helen Miren only two years ago.

But surprisingly, one character normally seen simply as Prospero's familiar "takes stage"  and becomes a major audience focal point.  You will see what I mean.

This is all to the director's credit.  And to Christopher Plummer who could see his role eclipsed bys Julyana Soelistyo as Ariel through sheer talent becoming a major role in this production the performance maintains an ensemble feel and spirit.

Finally,  the one criticism I have is the use of a quick cutting television style shooting technique.  Contrast this with another torrent also made for television which I have on The Taming Of The Shrew which is here:
   
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7816861/The_Taming_of_the_Shrew_by_Wm_Shakespeare_%28Bard_Productions%29%28Kul


Notes written December 30th 2012




