ative Instruments has announced that Absynth 5, Guitar Rig 4 Pro, Kontakt 4, and Komplete 6 are now available in stores worldwide.

Absynth 5Absynth 5
Absynth 5 marks a new generation of the semi-modular software synthesizer that is renowned for its unique evolving sounds and textures. The new version enhances the sonic capabilities of Absynth with powerful additional synthesis and effects features as well as overall improved audio quality, and offers an ingenious new way to create complex sounds via "mutation" based on musical attributes.

Absynth 5 is available in the NI Online Shop for a price of $199 / €179. An update for owners of previous versions of Absynth can be purchased for $79 / €69.

Guitar Rig 4 Pro
With Guitar Rig 4 Pro, Native Instruments says it "raises the bar on sonic authenticity with new speaker emulation technology, and further expands on nearly all aspects that set Guitar Rig apart as the most capable digital guitar solution". The advanced speaker emulation is also the basis for the versatile new "Control Room" module, which allows users to freely mix and match up to eight phase-aligned studio microphones for each cabinet, providing an unlimited range of high-end studio recording tones.

Guitar Rig 4 Pro is available in various versions to accommodate guitarists and producers of all categories:

    Guitar Rig 4 Pro software is available for a suggested retail price of $199 / €179.
    Guitar Rig Kontrol adds a foot controller/audio interface ($449 / €399).
    Guitar Rig 4 Essential is a more affordable software version with a reduced feature set ($99 / €89).
    Guitar Rig Session combines Guitar Rig 4 Essential with the Session I/O audio interface ($249 / €229).
    Guitar Rig Mobile also includes the mid-range Guitar Rig Essential software ($119 / €99).

Kontakt 4
Kontakt 4 is a new version of the industry-leading software sampler. Taking the performance and versatility of Kontakt for music production, live performance and sound design even further, the fourth generation adds powerful "Authentic Expression Technology," unique sample compression, an extended sound library complete with a convenient new database system, and much more.

Top Features:

    7 "world-class" instrument collections – 43 GB of sounds.
    Full-Featured Control Panel for each instrument.
    Authentic Expression Technology for true instrument simulation.
    Attribute-based browser and pre-tagged library.
    Universal import of virtually any sample format.
    19 high-end effects.
    True 64-Bit compatibility on Windows and Memory Server for Mac.
    Library browser with new box view.
    Enhanced convolution effect with more impulse responses.
    Wave Editor for intuitive looping, slicing and editing with freely drawable envelopes and MIDI drag and drop.

e languages.
    Extended documentation including reference manual.
    Several fixes and stability improvements.
