Guinness book of Hits of the 60's (incomplete)
Featuring Albums, EPs & Singles
By Tim Rice, Paul Gambaccini, Mike Read
Guinness Superlatives Ltd | 1984 | ISBN 0-85112-416-X | PDF | 266 pages | 14.7 mb

This is an old book of mine which is not in good shape & very difficult to scan but still I have managed to get from it the important pages. I doubt if this book is still in print, I could not find it on Amazon.

"The sixties were different. Looking back at the 'swinging sixties' through glasses blurred by the directionless seventies and early eighties, all we see are images of youth, Carnaby Street, Antonioni films and of course the Beatles. The sixties were, for Britain at least, a decade when the energy of youth became the only qualification for success, and when the artistic capital of the world was London.....
Some other unexpected facts emerge. Did you know that Roy Orbison's entire singles chart career was limited to the sixties? Who would you think was the most successful female solo act on the singles charts of the sixties? Dusty Springfield? Petula Clark? Shirley Bassey? No: it was Brenda Lee. Did you realise how staggeringly successful ballad singers were in the sixties, even against the opposition of the beat groups? In 1967, the year of flower power, Engelbert Humperdinck chalked up three monster hits and created chart records even the Beatles could not match. Other balladeers like Tom Jones, Vince Hill, Des O'Connor, Ken Dodd, Jim Reeves and Val Doonican sold records by the sackful, and Frank Sinatra's 'My Way' began its record-breaking chart run on 2 April 1969.....
The purpose of this book is not to say how or why records were hits; it is merely to list the ones that were. We hope you will take note of Paddy Roberts' EP successes just as much as the Beatles' singles smashes or Cream's LP hits. We hope the book brings back memories of the sixties, settles arguments about the hits of the sixties, and encourages some of our younger readers to listen to the music of the sixties for the first time. When it was good it was very good, and when it was bad it was horrid. But all of it was exciting and interesting. The sixties were different."