
01 – Into the Black
02 – Kill for Love
03 – Back from the Grave
04 – The Page
05 – Lady
06 – These Streets Will Never Look the Same
07 – Broken Mirrors
08 – Candy
09 – The Eleventh Hour
10 – Running from the Sun
11 – Dust to Dust
12 – Birds of Paradise
13 – A Matter of Time
14 – At Your Door
15 – There’s a Light Out On the Horizon
16 – The River

The first thing you need to know about Kill For Love is that it’s long: 17 songs, 91 minutes, ends in a 14-minute minimal-ambient instrumental called “No Escape.” Now that nobody uses CDs anymore, there’s really no reason not to make an album this long, as long as you’ve got enough material that you consider worth including. The 2007 Chromatics album Night Drive wasn’t an active-listening sort of thing; it was probably best heard as an evocative background pulse, one that would pull you in with a powerful piece of melody every so often but then release you and send you back about your business. Kill For Love works in a pretty similar way. Long stretches are instrumental, and the tick-tock beats and zoned-out vocals might get a bit boring if you were exclusively focusing on them. But that’s not how most of us listen to music, and the music on Kill For Love works in the same sort of way that Explosions In The Sky does. It fades into the background while at the same time making the colors all around us look a bit more vivid, making us feel as if we’re existing in some imaginary cinematic landscape.

Of course, that involves making extramusical brain-synapse connections. It’s no secret that Explosions In The Sky start to sound a whole lot better once you’ve been watching Friday Night Lights for a while; their winding guitar filigrees evoke the dusty Texan triumphs of the TV show that famously uses them. In just the same way, Kill For Love now calls up the glimmering, skeezy, beautifully brutal imagined Los Angeles of Drive, and I can’t quite imagine how the album would sound if I hadn’t seen the movie. But that’s really a moot point. If you haven’t seen Drive, what the f*** are you waiting for? See Drive! It’s great! Then listen to Kill For Love.

Dark dance-pop aesthetes Chromatics return to release their first album since 2007's Night Drive

cd ripped by EAC

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/