I am providing important films in ISO for the film buff or novice film historian. It is nearly impossible to find torrent files that include all the extras or even important commentaries.
These files are from my collection of DVDs that I have made from rented movies over the last seven years or so.
Nearly all of them have been put onto a DVD5, so unfortunately I do not have an uncompressed source handy.  That said I can assure you that these look GREAT on larger screens.
I chose to make them this size for economy as DVD9s were $3 each when I started this and DVD5s were .25 cents each.
Now I am working on putting some of the best ones on a hard drive to be played with my HD TV Media Player and am still thinking economy is the best rule as these are half the size of ripping a DVD9.
This is the best quality for the value.

I would love some productive feedback  . . .   :)

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD.

This file includes EVERYTHING the original DVD has:

1961
91 minutes
Black and White
1.33:1
Spoken Language: Swedish and English Dubbed
Subtitles: English
Exploring the film: Video discussion with Ingmar Bergman biographer Peter Cowie
Original theatrical trailer
Optional English-dubbed soundtrack
New and improved English subtitle translation

Awards:
1962 Academy Award 
Best Foreign Language Film 

1963 Academy Award  
Best Writing Original Screenplay nominee 

1963 BAFTA  
Best Film nominee
Best Actress nominee: Harriet Andersson 

SYNOPSIS:  
Ingmar Bergman directs.
While vacationing on a remote island retreat, a family’s already fragile ties are tested when daughter Karin (Harriet Andersson) discovers her father has been using her schizophrenia for his own literary means. As she drifts in and out of lucidity, the father (Gunnar Bjornstrand), along with Karin’s husband (Max von Sydow) and her younger brother (Lars Passgard) are unable to prevent Karin’s harrowing descent into the abyss of mental illness. Winner of the 1962 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and featuring an astonishing lead performance by Andersson, Through a Glass Darkly presents an unflinching vision of a family’s near disintegration and a tortured psyche further taunted by God’s intangible presence.
