THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Persona 4 Arena NTSC XBOX360-iMARS

Persona 4 Arena’s battles see you summoning personas using two of the attack buttons, with their precise behaviour depending on the summoner’s motion and position. A persona can be damaged and even knocked out, effectively halving a character’s abilities during the healing period. The four-button combat system has only strong and weak attacks, each for you and your persona, and features single button autocombos to ease novices into the mechanics. The “Burst” combo provides a get-out-of-jail-free card (if you have a full burst meter)–if you’re getting hammered, you can knock your opponent away with a short stun and a little damage. The hardcore needn’t despair though, as further combos and quarter-circle specials allow flowing chains of satisfaction, with the added interplay of simultaneous persona and character combat bringing a host of techniques to the table.

A Lesson mode is also included, a welcome feature in a notoriously inaccessible genre, developing on BlazBlue’s Tutorial with smoother transitions between exercises. The mode provides lessons, from moving all the up way to runs of combos and the game’s three types of guard. Arena’s online Versus mode, with all 13 characters available from the off, utilises the same successful netcode as BlazBlue, promising a smooth experience at broadband speeds. If you’re trying to move from intermediate to advanced level, you’ll benefit from the “record a combo” feature, where you can teach the computer to attack with a specific move, allowing you to perfect a counter. Arena’s Challenge mode, similar to Lesson mode, allows fluid transition to the next task with no bothersome loading screens to break up the flow of play.

Platform: XBOX360
Region: NTSC/U
Format: XGD2
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Fighting

Trailer:
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-CE82_501CCE2C.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-50B7_501CCE2C.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-74D3_501CCE2C.jpg