mp3 v0

− Original Release / Now-Again Records / NA5083 / CD

Those who remember the Monty Python skit about the "groovy" Royal Navy recruitment campaign will be left jaw-dropped by Hell Below, an archival release featuring participants in actual US Army "Battle of the Bands" contests from the late 1960s.

The successful entrants – funk groups East Of Underground, The Black Seeds and The Sound Trek, and hapless wannabe-hippies Soap – had their efforts released in a ludicrous bid to boost flagging recruitment during Vietnam. Underground were the best, a flamboyantly-attired, multi-racial show band in the Family Stone mould, whose covers of Sly Stone, Curtis Mayfield and Santana tingle with the excitement of escape from military drudgery. Sadly, only one member of the four bands has since been traced – for potentially more tragic reasons than usual.

This compilation produced by Eothen “Egon” Alapatt and David Hollander.
Original East of Underground and SOAP sessions produced by Ted Spencer.
Original The Black Seeds and The Sound Trek sessions produced by Larry Rowe.

Art direction by Errol Richardson.
Restoration and remastering by Dave Cooley.

Liner notes by David Hollander and Sam Lipsyte.
Project coordination by Henoch Moore.

East of Underground:

Higher
Smiling Faces
Hell Below
People Get Ready
Getting Over
Bet’ya Never Lose My Love/California Dreamer
I Love You
Java Girl
Walk On By

SOAP:

I Just Want To Celebrate
You’ve Got A Friend
Southern Man
Medley: Will The Circle Be Unbroken/I Don’t Know How To Love Him
Ticket To Ride
I Feel The Earth Move
Uncle Albert
Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves
Never My Love
Walk Away
Get Together

The Black Seeds/The Sound Trek:

Go Outside in the Rain
Ain’t No Sunshine
Black Magic Woman
Do Your Thing
Backstabbers
Intro – Kool and the Gang
Walking in the Rain
Backstabbers
Coldest Day of my Life
If Loving You is Wrong
I Love Everything About You

3CD Box Set, 3LP Box Set. 2011. NA5083.