POtHS - Creation 44 - Life's Story 1 & 2



POtHS Comments on This one......... More truth, no school day lies.

Description

Life's Story 1 - The One That Hasnt Been Told:
The evolution vs. creation debate has raged for more than 150 years. Now the debate is over!

How much can animals change? Why do so many species depend upon one another to survive? Where does instinct and intelligence come from? And what do the designs of creatures alive today reveal about their history?

Learn about the abilities of parrot fish and dolphins, the habits of ostriches and wildebeast, and the skills and instincts of cheetahs, giraffes and lions.

Filmed and researched over a five year period in more than ten different countries, Life's Story explores all these issues and many more in one of the most visually stunning and informative wildlife productions available today.


Life's Story 2 - The Reason For The Journey:
Not another theory-tale about life's origins but a stunningly filmed, fact filled and intelligently designed wildlife documentary

From Egypt and the depths of the Red Sea to the Islands of Malta, the Cape of Good Hope and the Savannahs of South Africa, now you can see for yourself and understand the intricate designs of natures vast array of creatures and our place among them in this wonderfully created world.

Many unusual, rare and endangered species are featured in this program including animal behavior never filmed before. Narrated by Nick Jackson - BBC National Radio
Suitable for use in schools. 10yrs - Adult


Greatest Discovery - The Ark of the Covenant was Found:
Here the Amazing Story of how the Ark was discovered.  Dr. Kent Hovind reviews the archeological findings of Ron Wyatt and his claims to have found the Ark of the Covenant, underneath Golgotha, and blood of Jesus that was spilled onto the Mercy Seat.

This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
