The latest version of the app that costs over 30$...

The F1™ 2012 Timing & Track Positioning app is the only official F1™ Timing App. 

Provides over 130 hours of live F1™ coverage! 
Access live timing and track positioning on timing screens and fully interactive 3D maps for all F1™ sessions over a race weekend, for the entire 2012 Formula One World Championship™. 


This year, the only official App available to fans is better than ever. It’s still the only way to see all the cars visually represented on track at the same time, but new features mean it’s even better than ever before. It is more than just a timing screen; it provides access to the all the minutiae of a race weekend, from free practice on a Friday to the live race on a Sunday afternoon. 

NEW FEATURES INCLUDE: Tyre information, DRS Zones and Marshal flags now added along with live F1™ news to your home screen direct from Formula1.com. 

FULL FEATURE LIST INCLUDES: 

TYRE DATA 

Find out which tyre type and compound any driver is on at any given time, visually represented on via the Live Leaderboard timing screens. Understanding tyre selection is key to understanding how a race might unfold and is therefore a vital part of any F1™ race. 

DRS ZONES  

DRS activation zones are now clearly marked on the track maps and the detection point is also clearly marked. 

REAL-TIME TRACK POSITIONING

Displayed on our dynamic and fully interactive 3D map. You can see the position of every F1™ driver on the track at the same time. Pan, zoom and spin the track maps to focus on a specific driver or pull back to see the whole field. See the gaps and pit stops as never before! 

LIVE TIMING DATA

Timing data is streamed direct from Formula One Management's technical centre at the race track to the palm of your hand. With multiple timing screens including sectors, gaps, speeds and interval data. Watch the sessions like the engineers on the pitwall! 

LIVE LEADERBOARDS 

Combined with live timing data, scrollable leaderboards display a wealth of data, combining visual images of the cars and driver flags with split second data. 

PAUSE LIVE SESSIONS

You can now pause and replay live sessions during the events so you never miss any of the action. 

DOWNLOAD RACE PACKS 

Download race packs after the event to watch the sessions again and again. Perfect for tape delayed broadcast. 

LIVE TEXT COMMENTARY

Lap by lap live text commentary in English, French or German, keeps you updated while the action unfolds. 