This is the european "Borgia" show from Canal+ and ZDF, not the Showtime show "The Borgias".

Full season, DVDRIP encoded in h264 and AAC.

It was the age of Da Vinci and Michelangelo, of enlightened creativity and unparalleled intellectual achievement. But it was also the age of Machievelli, of rampant lawlessness, incessant war and unspeakable depravity. At the heart of the world order was the Vatican, the arbiter of conflicts between kingdoms and empires. And at the center of the Vatican was a man whose quest for power would propel him to seek the ultimate prize, the holy see of Rome. He was a man whose name would become synonymous with ruthlessness, and whose reign as pope would be remembered as the most infamous chapter of the history of the Catholic church -Rodrigo Borgia. His four children -Juan, the oldest, a prideful, lazy, unscrupulous sexual predator, Cesare, a young man torn between a faith that was not his calling and his dark violent nature, Lucretia, a young girl discovering the secret power that a women's sexuality holds, and Goffredo, an innocent child who would come of age in a family riven by conflict- would provide Rodrigo with a challenge as great as the political maneuvering of his political and religious rivals. "Borgia" is a one hour dramatic series that chronicles the rise to power of this Catalan Cardinal and his clan, who would seek to establish a dynasty that would hold sway over the entire world. Though a man of faith, Rodrigo was also in thrall to the pleasures of the flesh. Not only did he have to deal with the plotting and conspiracies of his fellow cardinals and the representatives of the great powers, but he was locked in a struggle to contain the bitter sibling rivalries that threatened to tear his family apart. "Borgia" is a cauldron of intrigue, violence, murder, lust, politics, faith, incest, betrayal and redemption, a story as compelling and enlightening as the age in which it takes place. Written by Tom Fontana

Episodes

    1492
    Ondata di calore
    A Sacred Vow
    Wisdom of the Holy Spirit
    The Bonds of Matrimony
    Legitimacy
    Maneuvers
    Prelude to an Apocalypse
    The Invasion of Rome
    Miracles
    God's Monster
    The Serpent Rises


Thanks to the devs of Handbrake and the releaser of "Borgia (2012) Complete Serie 4x Retail PAL DVDR DD5.1 NL Subs".