In each episode three crimes that share a common theme such as motive, means, or victims are given ten minutes of time apiece. The series concentrated on notorious murders carried out during the 20th century. 

In the beginning of each show a particularly infamous crime would be examined as an example. The words ΓÇ£Infamous Murders now examinesΓÇªΓÇ¥ would follow and the other three murders would be presented.

The series relied on historical documents for visuals rather than reenactments. Dramatic music was used to heighten the narration along with rostrum shots of photographs, and vintage television/film footage.

Episode Guide:

Inheritance Killers - Money can be the motive for murder.

Intent on Murder - Some killers choose their victims by type. 

Killing for Pleasure - Random killers Neville Heath, the Hillside Stranglers and Michigan's Coed Slayer. 

Killing for Thrills - Some killers transform their homes into chambers of horror. 

Lady Killers - Serial killers John Christie, Richard Speck and William Heirens. 

Mass Murderers - Rampage killings. 

Model Murders - Many young women's dreams of an easy and glamorous modeling career are cut short. 

Murder at the Top - Lord Mountbatten; Ernest Rohm; Bishop Juan Conendra Geradi. 

Murder by Decree - Murder is sometimes used to silence people who threaten the system. 

Murder for Hire - Hit-men are paid to kill. 

Murder for Profit - Some kill to satisfy their greed.

Murder in Cold Blood - Some murderers kill for no apparent reason. 

Murder in High Office - Anwar Sadat; Yitzhak Rabin. 

Murdered on Duty - When a colleague dies in the line of duty, police officers work tirelessly to catch the killer. 

Murdering Conmen - Conmen worm their way into victims' lives and kill them for their cash. 

New York Mafia Murders - The struggle for mob leadership leads to an endless cycle of murder and blood feuds. 

Poisoned to Death - Poisoners leave clear trails for police to follow. 

The Poisoners - Doctors abuse their positions of trust to administer poison to their victims.

Political Assassinations - Politics can be a deadly business. 

Political Killings - Malcolm X; Sacco and Vanzetti; Harvey Milk and George Moscone. 
