Hi guys. Now here is the awesome game I am bringing for the car game lovers. For many times I havenΓÇÖt seen any amazing car games but now I have found it and this is an amazing game which you will love to play and this is the game which is based on the star of the Hollywood Vin Diesel yes our favorite hero which has done and amazing role in fast 5 and he is the star. And the name of the game is Vin Diesel Wheelman and itΓÇÖs an amazing car game.
This game is well known for its amazing graphics and amazing game play. You will like it a lot when we play it. And now as usual this game is not free on other sites but it is free on this site. You will enjoy a lot playing this game.
Wheelman is a game developed by midway studios and published by Ubisoft, midway games for the playstation 3, xbox and Microsoft windows.
The game is set in an open world modeled after barcelona, full of destructible objects, alleyways, shortcuts through office blocks and a total of 31 story missions and 105 side missions. While most missions are driving-oriented, there are also foot missions which are played from a third person perspective. A wide variety of guns are preserved for the player including pistols to RPGs.
Among the vehicles used by Milo Burik in the game is the pontiac G8, shown in released trailers for Wheelman. Reports  also indicated that the Opel Astra is a drivable vehicle. In the demo, his license plate says MRTL KM8T which is a reference to Mortal combat, Midway's popular fighting game.
Simultaneously with the announcement of the video game in February 2006, a film adaptation was announced with Vin Diesel in the lead role and Rich Wilkes, who worked with Diesel on xXx(2002), was hired to write the script. Paramount Pictures and MTV Films were announced to collaborate on the project. Production of the film, with no script written yet, was estimated to be 18 months away from February 2006. The film will be a sequel to the video game, which will establish the background.
