                               Android Essentials-2010kaiser


Android Essentials is a no–frills, no–nonsense, code–centric run through the guts of application development on Google’s Mobile OS. This book uses the development of a sample application to work through topics, focusing on giving developers the essential tools and examples required to make viable commercial applications work. Covering the entirety of the Android catalog in less than 150 pages is simply impossible. Instead, this book focuses on just four main topics: the application life cycle and OS integration, user interface, location–based services, and networking.

    Thorough, complete, and useful work on the nuts and bolts of application development in Android
    Example driven and practically minded
    A tool for hobbyists and professionals who want to create production–quality applications

What you’ll learn

    Understand how an Android application functions and communicates with the handset that hosts it.
    Comprehend the complexities of timers, services, and multimedia playback.
    Create and display a rich mix of custom–rendered screens and tailored Android widgets.
    Understand how location–based services are becoming more and more important in the mobile world.
    See how to use Google’s powerful Map tool.
    Explore the intricacies of network connectivity in the mobile world.

Who this book is for

This book is for professional software engineers looking to move their ideas and applications into the mobile space with Android. The author assumes the reader has a passable understanding of Java. They should be able to write classes and handle basic inheritance structures. This book also targets hobbyist developers looking to negotiate the complex minefield of mobile software.
Table of Contents

    Introduction
    The Application
    User Interface
    Location, Location, Location
    Taking Android Out for a Walk
    Tying on a Bow

ISBN-10: 1430210648
 
ISBN-13: 978-1430210641

ENJOY AND SEED!!!