Simian Mobile Disco is the work of two men: Jas Shaw James Ford. In 2005 they jettisoned away from the wreckage of the vastly underrated electro-pop four-piece Simian to become rave-up merchants of no little acclaim, and two years later released debut album Attack Decay Sustain Release. The pair are among the most in-demand producers, DJs and remixers operating in the UK today.
So itΓÇÖs no real surprise that this album is large, a towering monolith of wonky disco-textured dimensions and pure unadulterated indulgence, spitting out chunks of acidic boogie like diamond mirrorball shards. Unlike its predecessor, though, Temporary Pleasure features an array of high-profile guest vocalists, each adding a new dimension to the duoΓÇÖs sound.

Super Furry AnimalsΓÇÖ Gruff Rhys appears on luscious opener Cream Dream; Beth Ditto bursts a lung or two on Cruel Intentions; Hot Chip's Alexis Taylor lends his talents to the condensed carnival of Bad Blood; and Chris Keating from prog-rock oddballs Yeasayer provides vocals on baffling recent single Audacity of Huge. Also along for the ride are Telepathe, Jamie Lidell and Young Fathers, and each plays a part in the house party album of the season.

Because Temporary Pleasure is that, and more besides: an intense blast of shape-throwing marvellousness that rivals The Chemical Brothers at their superstar peak. You probably wouldn't want to hear it on repeat for 24 hours or anything, but for its 40-minute run time, SMD hog your attention in ways you'll find almost indecent (but in a good way, naturally). Experienced in the correct context, this is really quite stunning.

1.	"Cream Dream" (feat. Gruff Rhys)	3:58
2.	"Audacity of Huge" (feat. Chris Keating)	3:48
3.	"10000 Horses Can't Be Wrong"  	4:11
4.	"Cruel Intentions" (feat. Beth Ditto)	3:02
5.	"Off the Map" (feat. Jamie Lidell)	4:02
6.	"Synthesise"  	4:53
7.	"Bad Blood" (feat. Alexis Taylor)	3:58
8.	"Turn Up the Dial" (feat. Young Fathers)	4:00
9.	"Ambulance"  	5:40
10.	"Pinball" (feat. Telepathe)	3:56