1. System Requirements
These games were designed to perform on systems with the following specifications (minimum): 
Windows XP SP2/Vista/7
Pentium 4
1 GB RAM
12x CD-ROM
DirectX 9 compatible 3D graphics card with 64MB RAM
Mouse and Keyboard
Speakers or headphones
Mac OSX 10.4.x
Intel
1 GB RAM
12x CD-ROM
Mouse and Keyboard
Speakers or headphones




2. Troubleshooting
I think my CD is blank. What should I do?
Please make sure that you are inserting the CD the correct way. The label side should be facing upwards.
Is it possible that my CD contains a virus?
No, all programs have been fully scanned and are free of viruses.
The games are running very slowly.
If the games are running slowly, please try the following:
Ensure that your video settings are set to 32 bit colour. Open the Display Settings icon in the control panel, then select the 32 Bit Colour setting.
Close all applications before launching the game.
To resolve slow CDRom performance, you may copy the game folder to your hard disk and run it directly.
DirectX Problems:
DirectX┬« 9.0c or later must be installed on your computer before you can play. You can install DirectX by downloading the software from Microsoft Windows Update at http://windowsupdate.microsoft.com. If you encounter video or sound problems when using DirectX, go to http://support.microsoft.com for the latest troubleshooting information. You should also obtain the latest DirectX-compatible drivers from your video or sound card manufacturer.
 3. Health Warnings
Some people experience epileptic seizures when viewing flashing lights or patterns in our daily environment. These people may experience epileptic seizures when watching TV pictures or playing computer games. Even players who have never had any seizures may nonetheless have an undetected epileptic condition. Consult your doctor before playing computer games if you, or someone in your family, has an epileptic condition. Stop the game immediately should you experience any of the following symptoms during play:
dizziness
altered vision
eye or muscle twitching
mental confusion
loss of awareness of your surroundings
involuntary movements and/or convulsions