this movie was recently listed on different site by somebody else, I
take no credit for this file, I merely repost here to help the spread,
the description is the original poster's.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Shoe (1998) 

Kurpe (original title) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0157030/

hard english subtitles 

In wry long takes and glossy black-and-white, Laila Pakalnina's Latvian satire sharpens its knives on cold war boundary-watching with devastating wit. While three soldiers search for a border jumper who, Cinderella-style, has left behind only a single shoe, the camera tracks impassively as their antics become increasingly desperate. A study in juxtaposition and control, The Shoe seems slight at first, but it slowly penetrates, as the simplicity of its construction raises its story to allegorical heights.

The former documentarian’s first feature film is personal. Yet it is bookended by extreme long-shots of the Baltic Sea beach that a surveillance vehicle traverses slowly in opposite directions, and a rigorous formalism mostly pervades the mise-en-scène: a show of impersonality. Perhaps the key to resolving this paradox is the time in which the film is set: the late 1950s—before, that is, Pakalnina herself was born. The “distance” that we detect perhaps corresponds to something of a legendary nature to the story which Pakalnina conjured imaginatively, or heard about, rather than saw unfold. It is a familiar story, after all. The discovery of a woman’s shoe has absurdly led to the single paranoid conclusion that the border has been violated. The foot that fits the shoe must be found. Her “Prince Charming” awaits the anonymous Cinderella—in this case, in the likely form of a Soviet gulag.

All the foot-testing with the shoe, here, in the background of the shot, there, in the foreground, sometimes with foot and shoe in closeup, helps convey a dehumanized existence.

Appropriately, the black-and-white film goes on for an hour and a quarter. It’s long enough.
