Multiboot creator DVD & USB 

SARDU 2.0.4.3 By Nezlekhs Setup

Key is: nezlekhs1



SARDU enables you to create a multiboot device (USB stick or other removable) containing your Utilities, Antivirus, Windows PE and Windows XP, Vista, Seven Installers with all Windows Recovery Disks.
You can also import customized menus and customized folders and / or ISOs not directly supported.
This makes SARDU infinitely complete and customizable.

 

 
Multiple Antivirus

After downloading the ISO images, with SARDU you can use the engine of more than ten of antivirus (one at time) to remove malware, viruses or others malicious software. This multiple antivirus rescue disc utility considers a great computer troubleshooting tools if your computer can't be start or if is damaged.
Hundreds of Utilities

You can create, recover, repair, resize and merge partitions, clone a disk, make an image, recover or change lost passwords; run floppy-based diagnostic tools from a DVD or USB stick, recover and save lost photos and documents, and test hardware items such as RAM and hard disks, etc.

All do you need for troubleshooting.
Multiple Linux

You can try the best Linux Live distro's by loading the file system images into RAM so nothing is written to your hard disk, so you can turn your PC to a Media Player, or test your LAN or Wi-Fi security using your USB pen-drive or DVD.
You can use modular distributions such as Slax, xPUD, (K)Ubuntu, Fedora, Mint or others from the same USB Flash Drive or DVD.
Multiple Windows installer or PE or Recovery Disk

You can boot from DVD or USB using 'Windows Live' (Windows PE), so you can perform the recovery of your Windows XP, Vista or Win. 7 installations, install Windows XP and all Service Packs, Windows Vista or Windows Seven all from the one DVD or USB. Using the USB media for installation of an operating system takes advantage of greater speed compared to the slower DVD. You can install operating systems without needing a CD or DVD player. This is the best solution for netbooks.