 http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/mkke.jpg

Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition XBOX360-SPARE

After centuries of Mortal Kombat, Emperor Shao Kahn has finally defeated Raiden and his allies. 
Faced with extinction, Raiden has one last chance to save Earthrealm. To undo the Emperor’s 
victory, he must strike Shao Kahn where he is vulnerable…the Past.

Driven by an all new graphics engine, the fan favorite series is back and presented in more 
gory detail than ever before. Mortal Kombat (known as Mortal Kombat 9 by the fans) introduces
a number of gamen play features including tag team and the deepest story mode of any fighting 
game. Players can choose from an extensive lineup of the games iconic warriors and challenge 
their friends in traditional 1 vs. 1 matches, or take on several new game modes.

Introducing a number of game modes as well as an online experience, Mortal Kombat allows up to
4 players can battle “tag team” 2 players can team up in the new “Co op Arcade Mode” or 
compete against another team online.

The pumped up Komplete Edition of this blockbuster fighter includes a variety of add on packs, 
including four additional characters and 15 bonus character skins.

Mature Presentation: Fatalities make a triumphant return to their original violent form as Mortal 
Kombat gives its fans what they’ve been demanding. Graphic details, never before possible are 
presented with the most sophisticated graphics engine in MK history.

All New Game Play: By returning to its classic 2D fighting plane, mature presentation, and up to 
4 player tag-team kombat; Mortal Kombat introduces an all new fighting mechanic that’s both 
accessible and provides the depth that fighting game players look for.

Deep Story Mode: Mortal Kombat offers the deepest story mode of any fighting game. Players are 
taken back to the original Mortal Kombat tournament where they try to alter the events of the 
past in an attempt to save the future.

Graphics & technology: Characters, environments and fatalities have never been presented with as 
much gory detail as in this next generation Mortal Kombat. From internal organs to the most 
“realistic” blood effects, Kombat has never looked this good.

New Game Mode: In addition to an enhanced online feature set, Mortal Kombat introduces Co op 
arcade mode amongst its many cutting-edge gameplay modes.

Platform: XBOX360 
Region: Region Free
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Fighting

Trailer:
 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/1uru.jpg 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/2xyx.jpg