Hard Disk Sentinel - a utility for monitoring and control of hard disk drives. Allows you to identify potential problems, reduced performance and possible crashes. It can warn the user in case of malfunction or excess temperature. It was far seem superfluous, especially in the case of special value stored data while increasing the volume of storage. The program monitors the status of hard drives including temperature indicators and parameters of the SMART (Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology, a technology built into most modern drives) for each hard disk. 

The program monitors the status of hard drives including temperature indicators and parameters of the SMART (Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology, a technology built into most modern drives) for each hard disk. It also measures the speed of data transmission in real mode (the indicator can be used to test or to determine the occurrence of low performance in certain situations). Works in the background and constantly analyzes the situation. In the event of an error or a threshold of certain parameters specified by the user, a warning. In most cases it comes to the aid of technology SMART, because it is one of the fastest and easiest ways to track changes in critical or critical parameters of the drives. 

Hard Disk Sentinel can be used to prevent serious damage or data loss. The program warns the user if a problem before it happens and make it possible to backup important and valuable data. Hard Disk Sentinel runs in the background and constantly analyzes hard disk status. If there is an error or unexpected behavior detected, the program warns the user about the current state. Usually, hard disk status may slowly deteriorate from day to day. SMART-technology helps to predict a possible failure by monitoring the critical values ΓÇïΓÇïof the disk. The program also displays the current temperature of your hard drive and remembers the previous temperature, which can be used to check the maximum temperature under high hard disk load. 