The Best Hunting Stories Ever Told
By Jay Cassell, Thomas McIntyre
Skyhorse Publishing | September 2010 | ISBN-10: 1616080574 | ePUB/PDF | 576 pages | 13.2/11.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Best-Hunting-Stories-Ever-Told/dp/1616080574
PDF conversion is mine.

This book is a condensation of the previously published volume The Gigantic Book of Hunting Stories.
Top hunters and writers contribute to this exciting new adventure series!
Follow the trails of hunters—the original storytellers—as they interpret signs, examine tracks, and chase and catch their prey (or fail to). Readers can curl up with the best authentic hunting fiction and non-fiction, bringing the great Mount Kenya and the prairies of the American Bison into your living room. From Theodore Roosevelt and Gene Hill to Rick Bass and Charles Dickens, remember classic hunting tales and discover new stories of hunters’ luck, camaraderie, and use of smarts on the trail. The thrill of the chase and the passion for outdoor living are elegantly brought together in this exquisite volume, certain to delight both hunters and short-story aficionados.
With work by more than one hundred of the world’s most eminent authors and hunters, including:
Theodore Roosevelt
Zane Grey
Ted Nugent
Aldo Leopold
Rick Bass
Philip Caputo
Geoffrey Norman
Gene Hill
And many more!
100 black-and-white illustrations

About the Authors
Jay Cassell, editorial director at Skyhorse Publishing and the editor of this compendium, has hunted all over North America. He has written for Field & Stream, Sports Afield, Outdoor Life, Petersen’s Hunting, Time, and many other publications, and has published eight books.
Thomas McIntyre is the author of several books and has written for Field & Stream, Sports Afield, Gray’s Sporting Journal, The Field, and most other major outdoor periodicals. He lives with his wife and son in Sheridan, Wyoming.

Table of Contents
PART I - Theodore Roosevelt
PART II - The Olden Days
PART III - Big Game
PART IV - Small Game
PART V - Upland Birds
PART VI - Waterfowl
PART VII - Turkey Hunting
PART VIII - Deer Hunting
PART IX - Africa and Asia
PART X - Reflections on Our Sport
Acknowledgments