THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Silent Hill HD Collection XBOX360-COMPLEX

Silent Hill Re-Mastered Collection combines two classic spine-chilling 
Silent Hill titles from the past and brings them to the PlayStation 3 for 
the first time ever. Introducing Silent Hill 2 and Silent Hill 3 with 
enhancements including true high-definition graphics, this offering gives 
new fans and old fans the opportunity to experience the early era of Silent 
Hill as a true genre-defining experience with the added value of two games. 

Silent Hill 2 follows the sad story of James Sunderland as he woefully 
enters the sleepy town by a mysterious letter from his deceased wife. Seeking 
the chance to see her again beckoned by guilt and remorse, he stumbles upon 
his these fears manifested through unseen evil and ominous characters leading 
him to the asylum of another world. The fight against the truth that his wife 
has died, James must escape the lumbering demon Red Pyramid (a.k.a Pyramid 
Head) along with his mystified fears that have taken the form of living
monsters within the haze that is Silent Hill. 

Serving as a sequel to the original Silent Hill game, Silent Hill 3 centers 
on the forces of the demonic cult that spreads the insanity of the otherworld 
through Claudia, a cult member attempting to bring Harry Mason's daughter, 
Heather, into Silent Hill. With a subplot and themes involving the loss of 
innocence and childhood, a web of intrigue is spun by Claudia with intentions 
to birth a new god. 

Features:

Experience the two classic Silent Hill titles previously released on PlayStation 
2, Silent Hill 2 & Silent Hill 3, that defined the Survival Horror genre in its 
early inception.

Both titles re-mastered to HD at 720p for improved graphics on Xbox 360.

Completely updated in-game voiceover directed by series vocalist Mary Elizabeth 
McGlynn and soundtrack score enhancing the storytelling and ambient music within 
each re-mastered game.

Full Xbox Live Achievements support integration.

Platform: XBOX 360
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD3   
Size: 1 DVD 
Genre: Collection 
Languages: English

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-3BBB_4F6785A5.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-FDC5_4F6785A5.jpg