Follow my uploads here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

An all-time classic, this is adventure gaming at its very best.
Paris in the Fall… a brutal murder at the Palais Royale. When Nico Collard is invited to interview statesman Pierre Carchon, she finds herself inextricably drawn into a terrifying conspiracy.

One of the all-time classic adventures, multi BAFTA-nominated 'Broken Sword: Director’s Cut' pitches sassy journalist Nico Collard, and intrepid American George Stobbart into a mysterious journey of intrigue and jeopardy. Guide George and Nico on their globe-spanning adventure, exploring exotic locations, solving ancient mysteries, and thwarting a dark conspiracy to reveal the secret truths of the Knights Templar.

Featuring a widely-praised touch interface, 'Broken Sword: The Director’s Cut' introduces an intricate new narrative thread, alongside the classic story that has charmed millions of players. It’s time to experience George and Nico’s worldwide adventure in a whole new way, with brand new puzzles, hilarious new jokes, and the distinctive, rich story that made the series so deservedly renowned. This is adventure gaming at its very best.

An enhanced version of the iPhone classic, which itself earned an average (metacritic) review score of 91%, the game includes many unique features including a digital version of ‘Watchman’ co-creator Dave Gibbons’s collector’s comic.

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 7, 2012)

    Additional artwork for some resolutions.
    Major bug fix with audio issues.
    Fixes diary crash issue.
    Fixes Sony Xperia and some other devices crashes.
    Fixed issues for some Gingerbread devices.

Required Android O/S : 4.0+



                                By bobiras2009		