 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nl.meta.app.hangmeplus


Hang Me is a classic hangman game – but it’s multiplayer! Challenge your friends and family or try your skills against randomly chosen people.

There are no checks or predefined words; YOU are in control of the hangman game! Therefore, every language is supported. Our random games language picker helps you find people playing in the same language as you are.

You start out with 5 letters to use. For completing hangman games you earn coins, the higher you get, the more coins you can earn. With these coins you can buy additional letters, up to 50. With this you can create whole sentences! The first couple of letters are cheap, but you’ll have to work to get the last ones…

Hang Me has been tested on multiple devices of all sizes. Most screen sizes are supported perfectly, including tablets and small phones. Yours isn’t? See Feedback.
We’ve also concentrated on keeping Hang Me small, the installed app takes about 2.6MB of space. It is moveable to SD Card, after which it only takes a little over 0.6 MB.

PLUS features:
-No ads or nagscreens.
-Double the amount of games you can play.
-Choose your own emoticon.

About MeTa:
Hi, we’re Terry and Marco, two second-year IT students from the Netherlands. We love the big online multiplayer games like Rumble, Wordfeud and Draw Something.
Instantly we agreed we should create a online multiplayer game ourselves. After two months of hard work we finally realized our dream. We’re very proud of it and we hope you all enjoy Hang Me!

Feedback:
We are still working on making Hang Me better, please try to be as descriptive as you can when you post comments. Any kind of feedback appreciated!
Please bear in mind we only have half a year of Android programming experience. We simply could not implement every feature we wanted. Same goes for our server, during peak hours you might get a second delay. The game plays fine on 3G but WiFi is preferred.

Feel free to drop us an Email!

Hang me was entirely produced by MeTa. Hang Me, Hang Me + and Pet Care Tamagotchi are all owned and managed by MeTa. Any questions about Hang Me, Hang Me + and Pet Care Tamagotchi can be mailed to us.

Hangman is also known as galgje, hang the man, galgespil, galgenmann, le pendu, ahorcado, wisielec, jogo da forca, l'impiccato, ??? ????, gallowguy, gallow guy.

Team MeTa

 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nl.meta.app.hangmeplus