Discovery Channel - Monsters Resurrected (2010)



Information
Monsters Resurrected
Giant beasts that’ve been long extinct and the different world they once inhabited are resurrected through fossil evidence and other scientific data. This Discovery Channel documentary reveals how these creatures once lived and flourished.

Part 1: Terror Bird
The biggest, baddest bird to ever stalk the planet. With a massive 18-inch beak, Terror Bird bashed its victims' brains in and swallowed giant rodents in one gulp. Four million years ago it dominated a continent, battling wolves and saber tooth cats.


Part 2: T Rex of the Deep
With six-foot jaws and a nasty disposition, the Mosasaur dined on giant sharks and Plesiosaurs. An extra set of teeth on the roof of its mouth guaranteed that when it sunk its teeth into something, the only way for it to go was down its gullet.


Part 3: Biggest Killer Dino
Spinosaurus was the largest dinosaur carnivore in history but was long known only from the photographs of a single partial skeleton lost to the world in a World War Two air raid. That, of course, makes paleontologists all the more curious and determined and additional fossil fragments have gradually been found. This program reviews what they have uncovered and what they suspect.


Part 4: Dinosaur King
Paleontologists ponder how a carnosaur a bit smaller than Tyrannosaurus Rex could hunt a sauropod several times its size when T-Rex hunted smaller prey. The answer lies in a detailed look at the predator's anatomy, their prey and and a fossil track of an attack on a sauropod


Part 5: Giant Lizard
After the age of dinosaurs Australia was dominated by reptiles rather than the marsupials it is known for. The biggest of them all was a monitor lizard larger than a crocodile called Magalania. This program reviews the anatomical features that make Megalania and its chief competitor, the marsupial lion, apex predators.


Part 6: Bear Dog
For 10 million years amphicyon ruled north america as top predator. With the strenght of a bear, conbined witht the speed, tenacity, and brain power of a dog, The bear-dog crushes all miocene mammal competetors. After seeing the latest episode of "Prehistoric Predators" on "NG" and "Prehistoric Washington DC" and "Monsters Resurrected" on "Disc" the bear-dog has now even gained it's own group here on DA. Where fans of this rarly popular beast can post pictures and drawings for all to see.
