This is a collection of all images ever posted on GUROchan's /g/ (gore and death) board between January 6, 2006 and February 26, 2010.  This amount to 37,692 images.  If you do not know what "guro" is, or you do not like guro, DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS TORRENT.  If you do, you will see some really fucked up things pretty soon.

I had to put all the images in a .7z file because of the number of images.  I know images are already compressed and further compression doesn't do much, but the number of files made the torrent too large to upload to TPB.  Sorry if that's an inconvenience, but there was no other way to upload this.



From Wikipedia:
Ero Guro Nansensu, frequently shorted to Ero guro, is a wasei-eigo term that describes a literary and artistic movement from 1920s and '30s Japan.  Ero guro puts its focus on eroticism, sexual corruption and decadence.  While ero guro is a specific movement, many of its components can be found throughout Japanese history and culture.



From Encyclopedia Dramatica:
Whether it be an image of a disemboweled samurai with a gangrenous, pincushioned scrotum or a 60 ft tall Jello beast using his 13 year old victim's intestines as both a noose and a cockring, no guro image fails to delight with its cheeky inventiveness.  As such, guro is a beloved and respected branch of Japanese art, said by many to capture the true essence of daily life-as-lived in Japan through the ages.  It is also one of the top fetishes of japan as every anime, game, and film features a sexualized gore scene.  Also, to the artists of these things: WHAT THE FUCK WERE THEY THINKING??

While a "textbook definition" of ero guro has yet to be seen, the recurring theme definitely consists largely of killing naked anime girls.  Usually by means of: big robots, huge ugly as fuck monsters, or twisted psychos with big fucking knives. And almost always with sexual overtones.  Because seeing naked anime girls being torn apart is something that seriously needs to be made more erotic.  The actual words are based on the phrase "erotic grotesque nonsense" and despite gore being the most popular choice, things like scat are technically included.  But even gore-guro fans know that anyone who likes scat is a sick, sick fuck.