Espresso is not a bunch of apps forcibly smashed together. Instead, we looked at the needs of modern web developers and streamlined their workflow into one focused app. Extremely powerful editing and searching, sleek projects, live preview (we make CSSEdit!), real publishing and extensive synchronization tools.

Some features:

The Art of Code
Why choose between beauty and power? Between features and speed? With Espresso, you don't have to. Elegant syntax highlighting, superior navigation, code folding, smart CodeSense, contextual text snippets, spell check, rich extensibility and raw speed: presenting a state-of-the-art text engine for code artists.

Navigator - much more than an ordinary symbol list
Espresso has a unique Navigator that's best compared to CSSEdit's styles list. It shows the hierarchical structure in your documents, no matter how complex. You can even drag around elements to reorganize your code!

Smart snippets
No editor is complete without a way to keep frequently used pieces of text. The sleek Snippets tool does that, and more. You can take advantage of selection placeholders, mirror transformations and tab triggers. Some languages even offer advanced contextual snippets, showing you just what you need.

Code folding - a hidden delight
There is more than meets the eye in the Espresso text editor. Move your mouse over the line number gutter, and a handy code folding ribbon fades in. Quickly collapse blocks of text for a more focused look at code. And the best thing? It works for any language that shows up in the Navigator.

CodeSense knows where you are
Espresso features an immensely powerful rule-based syntax engine, Core Syntax, that transforms your text documents into semantic structure. CodeSense leverages this power to suggest smart contextual completions in a language-independent manner. Any Sugar can easily offer amazing auto-completion support without writing a single line of code. And because completions are based on the advanced snippets, they are much more intelligent than simple text insertions.

Checks your speling, too
Of all the things you could write, messages to your users are probably the most influential. That's why Espresso checks spelling as you type in non-code contexts. Whether you're designing a site, coding a web app or writing an article, preventing a few typos is always welcome.

What's new
* OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion ready
* Fixes Quick Publish on Retina displays
* This update is free for all existing users 


Requirements
PPC / Intel, Mac OS X 10.5.8 or later 