
PART  380


THE PRETTY RECKLESS - Make Me Wanna Die (2010)
THE PRETTY RECKLESS - Miss Nothing (2010) 
THE PRETTY RECKLESS - Just Tonight (2010) 
THE PRETTY RECKLESS - You (2010)
THE PRETTY RECKLESS - My Medicine (2012)
LANA DEL REY - Blue Jeans (Official Video) (2012)



The Pretty Reckless are an American alternative rock band from New York. Their debut album, "Light Me Up", was released on August 30, 2010 in the UK. The album spawned three moderately successful singles most notable; "Make Me Wanna Die", which topped the UK Rock Charts upon release. The band released their second EP entitled, "Hit Me Like a Man" in early 2012 along with two brand new music videos of songs previously heard on their debut effort. 
"Make Me Wanna Die" was written by Taylor Momsen, Kato Khandwala, Ben Phillips, and produced by Khandwala for their debut studio album, "Light Me Up" (2010). It was released on March 30, 2010 in the United States, as the band's debut single. The intro of the song features a reworked sample of Abba's song "Lay All Your Love On Me".CHARTS : UK Rock (The Official Charts Company) - # 1, UK Singles (Official Charts Company) - # 16 : European Hot 100 - # 57. 
"Miss Nothing" is the second single by Pretty Reckless to be released from their debut album, "Light Me Up". The single was released in the U.S. on 27 July 2010 and in the UK on 22 August 2010.
Lead singer, Taylor Momsen, said the song was about "Mary Magdalene after the crucifixion of Jesus."
"It is about how Mary felt, and how she was grieving, but I think a lot of people can relate to it." 
"Just Tonight" is the third single by The Pretty Reckless, taken from their debut studio album.The release date for the single was originally announced as 9 November 2010 before being put back to 13 December. The release date was put back again to 27 December when it was released on digital download. "Just Tonight" received mostly positive reviews from critics. Robert Copsey on Digital Spy gave it four out of five stars, saying "A song about being stuck in a flagging relationship may not tread any new lyrical ground, but when it's backed by a chunky pop/rock melody, thrashing guitars and oh-so smoky vocals, the result is more gratifying than that first sip of blue WKD round ya mate's". Fraser McAlpine on BBC Radio 1's The Chart Blog gave the song four stars, praising singer Taylor Momsen's vocals and describing the song as "a thoughtful, hurt sort of a song" that "plays straight - from the heart to the heart - and is all the better for it".

"Blue Jeans" is a song by Lana Del Rey, taken from her second studio album "Born to Die". The song was released as the singer's third single on April 8, 2012 through Interscope Records. A new official music video was directed by Del Rey and premiered on March 19, 2012.