Follow my uploads here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Words + Camera = ART! Turn your images into amazing typographic art using TEXT.
WordCam is the ONLY Android app in existence that lets you create fantastic visual masterpieces using your photos and any words you want! What can you create?

Features:

    Capable of single letter, single word or multiple words (** full version only)
    Can use any characters you wish!
    Select one or several fonts (** full version only)
    Fast processing time
    Save to local storage or share

Quick steps to AMAZING works of art:

    Add one or more words (short words work best) to your word list
    Select one or more fonts to use in the transformation
    Either select an image from your mobile gallery OR take a new snapshot with your phone or tablet's camera
    That's it! Within seconds, WordCam will create a unique masterpiece from scratch!

Save your art to your gallery or share with any other installed application (Facebook, Twitter, Dropbox, etc).

Let your friends know that you created your image using WordCam. Share it on our Facebook page. We're anxious to see what exciting, magical, artistic and fun creations you post! We'll be happy to share those works with our fans!

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 20, 2012)

    WordCam now supports double-tap to zoom, pinch-to-zoom and finger swipe to pan & scroll gestures BEFORE you save the image!
    Improved rendering engine to achieve higher quality image output.
    Updated text-size and brightness sliders to reflect more realistic settings.
    WordCam now saves your previous font selection settings.
    WordCam will attempt to use the largest image output resolution possible given available free memory.
    Want bigger images? Try closing running apps to free up memory.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                By bobiras2009		
