BBC - Tales From The Green Valley (2010)



Information
Tales From The Green Valley
A hidden Welsh border valley provides the ideal setting for a fascinating documentative reality-experience, as a group of archaeological and history experts spend a year immersed in country life as it was 400 years ago, when King James I ruled the land. At the heart of the valley lies a remarkable farmhouse, a building that is being run just as it was in the year 1620. Without electricity, refrigeration, mains water, tractors or chemical pesticides, our group will live off the land, eating the period food they grow and wearing the period clothing they can create. We watch and share the drama and frustration as they cope with a plethora of natural challenges – with 400 year-old manuals as their source of knowledge. Each programme focuses on the a month in the life of the farm, following the seasonal tasks our team endeavour to carry out – from harvesting and building, to the birthing of calves and pigs, from salting and smoking meat to sheep shearing and garment making. The series is genuinely revealing about life in times gone by…

Part 6: February
February is the team's sixth month on the farm. A heavy fall of snow turns it into a winter wonderland, but a storm has damaged their privy so they have got to rebuild one from scratch, and delve into waste management 17th century-style. Despite the cold they still have to look after the animal, which means checking up on the pregnant cows and bringing in their period variety of sheep for a thorough check-up. They get busy preparing for spring sowing, and a music specialist brings along an assortment of contemporary instruments to warm them by the fire. With Lent upon them, they have to try their hand at some 400-year-old recipes for fish and apple pudding

Technical Specs
Video Codec: x264 CABAC
Video Bitrate: 1541 Kbps
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.778:1
Video Resolution: 832x464 (16.9)
Audio Codec: AC3
Audio Bitrate: 128 Kbps CBR 48KHz
Audio Channels: 2
Run-Time: 30mins
Framerate: 25FPS
Number of Parts: 12
Part Size: 350 MB
Source: DVD
Encoded by: Harry65