PRIMER AUDIO: ESP LATINO

SEGUNDO AUDIO: INGLES



------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SINOPSIS:

Cuando el estudiante Caleb Hogan esta en la posición de debatir el tema sobre "cuando comienza la vida" se encuentra ante la posibilidad de perder la competición más importante de su vida, al igual que el apoyo de su madre.

Corre el riesgo de perder el anhelado titulo al igual que el corazón de su compañera de equipo, Rachel. Al tiempo que su madre se prepara para el debate más extraordinario en la Suprema Corte de Justicia, Caleb descubre el valor y la fuerza de la corriente Pro-vida.

Pero en asuntos legales de vida o muerte, ¿existe realmente un ganador? Pase Lo Que Pase, es un poderoso recordatorio que elegir el camino correcto no es fácil, pero vale la pena.

Aunque la palabra "aborto" no aparece en la Biblia, esto no significa que Dios guarda silencio sobre el valor de la vida. En el Salmo 139:13-15, David expresa como Dios lo formó desde el vientre de su madre. Mas directamente fue el mensaje a Jeremías, demostrando que considera al niño en el útero una persona (Jeremías 1-4,5): "Vino pues, la palabra del Señor a mí, diciendo: antes que te formase en el vientre te conocí, y antes que nacieses te santifiqué." 

 

ENGLISH DESCRIPTION:

The Story 

"For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother's womb."  (Psalm 139:13) 

With his mother a lawyer and his father a professor, Caleb Hogan has grown up understanding the importance of stating his case, backing it with facts, and choosing what's right ... Come What May. 

This ability has served him well in his internship at his mother's law firm and it has guided him to the college with the best Moot Court team. But has it prepared him to deal with the collision-course elements of the most important legal issue of our time? 

When does life really begin? 

Coming face-to-face with the realities and legalities of the abortion issue—both in preparation for the National Moot Court championship and as his mother prepares to argue a high-profile case before the Supreme Court—Caleb must decide what he truly believes.

Wherever he lands will have consequences. If he takes the pro-life argument, he stands to lose the most important competition of his life—and the support of his mother. If he follows his mother's lead, he could win the coveted title ... but lose the heart of his teammate Rachel in the process.

Along with her professor and classmates, Rachel not only understands the strength of the pro-life arguments, she believes them to her core. Life, from its beginning, exists to honor God. For Rachel, that plays out in her Moot Court arguments and in her daily life.

Can Caleb find that same conviction? Can he win the heart of Rachel in the process? While compromise might be the easiest solution, it could also be the most dangerous.

Come What May is a vivid reminder that choosing what's right is never easy ... but it's always worth the cost.