

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Wars & Rumors of Wars - 13 - Secrets of World War II



POtHS Comments on This one: These are sick people that start Wars. They need Treatment of a Third Kind.


Description:
BEYOND TORTURE - The gulag of Pitesti ROMANIA:
Beyond Torture documents the persecution of Romanians under the communist regime.  You'll hear firsthand stories of the persecution of Romanians under Stalinist communism.  An American documentary film about Pitesti, who presented testimony Father Roman Braga and Father George Calcium.


From Darwin to Hitler Video by Philos:
From Darwin to Hitler elucidates the revolutionary impact Darwinism had on ethics and morality. Weikart demonstrates that many leading Darwinian biologists and social thinkers in Germany believed that Darwinism overturned traditional Judeo-Christian and Enlightenment ethics, especially the view that human life is sacred. Many of these thinkers supported moral relativism, yet simultaneously exalted evolutionary "fitness" (especially intelligence and health) as the highest arbiter of morality. Darwinism played a key role in the rise not only of eugenics, but also euthanasia, infanticide, abortion, and racial extermination. This thinking had its biggest impact on Germany, since Hitler built his view of ethics on Darwinian principles, not on nihilism as popularly believed.


NAZI Jesuit Occult: The Nazis A Catholic Occult Conspiracy
If U know a thing or two of the NWO, U will probably understand that it is a fascist movement of 'elite' organizations (aka corporations) towards a Global Government over a post-eugenics population of serfs, under a neo-feudalistic system with methods of control scientifically arrayed against subordinate populations finally stamped on hard enough by the Shooz so as to never be able to think or move freely again. If U do not understand this, U probably are one of those people who think the NAZI movement was a peculiarity of extreme political degeneracy in a retrograde revolution with nostalgic yet misguided ties to a dying past of Pagans and Christendom. If so, U are wrong. 
   
       
      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS    
