Release Info:

Zemana AntiLogger
Zemana AntiLogger is a powerful, efficient, and lightweight app that blocks hackers. It detects any attempts to modify your computer’s settings, record your activities, hook to your PC’s sensitive processes, or inject malicious code in your system.
The AntiLogger is designed to work with your anti-virus. While an anti-virus application will protect you against a wide range of known forms of malware, the AntiLogger is able to stop advanced, new, and niche threats developed with a specific objective: to steal your private information or access your secure internet connections.

Financial Malware Protection

The vast majority of banking and financial transactions take place on SSL‐protected secure sites whose URLs begin with https. SSL data encryption reliably secures your data during online shopping and financial transactions, but hackers have found a vulnerable spot.
Sophisticated banker trojans and SSL sniffers are designed to steal your data directly from your PC, while you are entering it and before it gets encrypted, for transfer over the internet. This is an attack method used by the infamous ZeuS. The AntiLogger is one of the the very few products on the market that is able to close this dangerous vulnerability by intercepting and shutting down suspicious processes.

Cloud Powered Early Response System

Zemana’s IntelliGuard is a smart early warning and response system that makes the AntiLogger easier to use and more reliable than ever before. Through IntelliGuard, your AntiLogger references in real time the latest community intelligence base of threats; and threats detected on your computer are scanned against over 40 malicious files databases and known bad files are blocked automatically. With IntelliGuard you will not receive prompts about legitimate programs you are installing on your computer

Keystroke Logging Protection

Keystroke monitoring malware is the most common method of criminals to steal your login credentials. It is also very efficient if someone wishes to spy on you.
Zemana AntiLogger will prompt you when someone or something is trying to obtain access to your keyboard, regardless as to whether it is a known or new piece of spyware, banker trojan, financial malware or custom designed spy tool

Screen Capture Protection

Screen input through virtual keyboards or image recognition is increasingly used as an extra security measure. Yet, if you have screen grabbing malware on your computer, the criminals will be able to see what is shown on your screen and where you point and click with the mouse. As part of the AntiLogger’s all‐round protection, your clipboard is safe from intruders

Clipboard Remote Access Protection

How often do you copy and paste sensitive material? We all know we shouldn’t, yet most of us do it. When you copy something, it remains stored in your computer’s clipboard, where it can be made away with. As part of the AntiLogger’s all‐round protection, your clipboard is safe from intruders.

Webcam and Microphone Hijacking Protection

Yes, it is possible that your webcam and microphone can be turned on remotely, and if a pro is doing this, the status LED on your webcam will remain off. Your webcam can be turned into a surveillance camera; and while the hackers won’t be able to drain your bank account or hijack your email, this is very intrusive and unpleasant. What if this were your child’s computer?
Zemana AntiLogger constantly monitors all processes accessing your computer and will prompt you when an illegal application is trying to switch it on

System Intrusion Protection

Malware relies on invading your system’s sensitive areas, like its registry and physical memory (RAM), so it can inject its malicious code and seize control of your PC.
The AntiLogger’s System Defense module secures the very heart of your PC in a future‐proof way: it detects malicious attempts based purely upon their behavior, regardless of whether or not the malware attacking you has been identified, isolated, analyzed and your signature database updated.

Supported operating systems:

Windows XP with Service Pack 2 or higher (32bit and 64bit)
Microsoft Windows Vista (32bit and 64bit)
Microsoft Windows 7 (32bit and 64bit)
Hardware requirements:

Intel Pentium 300 MHz or higher (or equivalent)
256 MB available RAM
50 MB free space on the hard drive
CD-ROM (for installation of the program from CD)

