                                  By bobiras2009			


Splash PRO EX combines all the features of Splash PRO with easy and fast exporting of videos to popular devices, Facebook, YouTube™ and more...
Designed and optimized for HD!
Play and convert all your High Definition movies and camcorder clips, incredibly fast, smooth and without problems. You don't need any additional codecs. Download, install, watch, convert and share. It takes about one second to start application and High Definition video playback!

Converting videos with style
Enjoy the ultimate performance and stylish user interface. Just push a button to export your clips easily and fast to popular formats, your favorite multimedia devices, Facebook or YouTube™. Save energy and time choosing optimized and hardware accelerated video exporting with Splash PRO EX.

Enjoy the ultimate performance!
Take advantage of the latest hardware acceleration technologies to save your time and reduce power consumption. Splash PRO EX combines all the latest technologies including NVIDIA® CUDA™ and Intel® Quick Sync Video with hardware accelerated video decoding to boost exporting process even more!

Picture? - just stunning video quality!
Advanced picture post-processing engine, delivering stunning video quality. Watch standard and high definition videos like never before, enjoy smooth motion, crisp details and vivid colors. Download free trial of Splash PRO EX now and use Demo Mode to see the difference!



Changes in Splash Pro EX 1.13.0:
IMPORTANT: Full support for Windows 8 added
Playback of AVI files with FICV video added (support for Mirillis Action! video recordings playback in AVI file format)
Fixed problem with cut/corrupted exported MP4 videos (low disk space protection)
Not starting export (showing 0% progress) problem fixed
H.264/AVC software video decoding improvements
LPCM audio decoding improvements
MKV stability improvements
Srt subtitles improvements
Stability improvements
Multi-language installer added



                                  By bobiras2009			