Back in the boom years the only way to make Annuals relevant was to run a company-wide crossover with deep implications for the rest of the universe for the coming year.  These crossovers were very much hit or miss with the comic book fans, and the Bloodlines series has long been consigned to the bargain bins.  But I enjoyed it, and present it here, in its entirety, for your downloading/perusal pleasures.

Bloodlines was a comic book story arc published by DC Comics in 1993.  It was divided into four chapters:  1) Outbreak  2) EarthPlague  3) DeathStorm  4) BloodBath.  It was an intra-company crossover that ran through 23 of the superhero annuals of DC, and concluded with a two-issue Bloodbath miniseries, written by Dan Raspler.  The antagonists (incorrectly described as parasites, and named:  Angon; Gemir; Glonth; Lissik; Pritor; Venev; and Slodd) were a race of monstrous xenomorph-like aliens (capable of shapeshifting into humanoid form) who killed humans for their spinal fluid to help birth a gigantic alien known as, The Taker.  A small fraction of their victims survived, and via the metagene, become super-heroes.

This plot device introduced a wave of "New Blood" super-heroes into the DC Universe.  Seven DC Comics series were spun out of the event:  Blood Pack; Razorsharp And The Psyba-Rats; Hitman; Anima; Loose Cannon; Argus; and Gunfire.  Some of the heroes created by the aliens died in the Infinite Crisis event (2005-2006.)  Green Lantern Kyle Rayner simply sums them up with, "Those guys are lame.  I mean, they are really lame."

Many of the super-heroes of Earth were defeated when The Taker took them by surprise during a government commissioned task force raid on the crashed spaceship of the Parasites.  Superman was the only one who escaped to warn the rest of the world.  A team of New Bloods, each mysteriously called to the scene (presumably by their blood connection to the Beast,) were forced to destroy The Taker on their own.  It was discovered that when multiple New Bloods crossed their individual powers against The Taker simultaneously, their combined attack became greater than the sum of its parts.  Using the energy siphoning powers of Joe Public, the collective power of the New Bloods was directed into Animus (a creature within Anima that could absorb the spirit essences of the living and the dead) and The Taker was defeated in a gigantic one-on-one monster brawl.  After the other heroes were rescued, a team of Green Lanterns flung the body of The Taker into the Sun.

Notable Trivia:  This event has the unique honor of being the only big DC cross-title event to star the second Batman, Jean-Paul Valley.
