WinX DVD Ripper Platinum 

5 Minutes Only! Copy & Rip Your DVD with Intact Videos Audios and Subtitles
 
WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is a Windows-based DVD ripper software capable of ripping both DVD disc and DVD ISO image to mainstream videos, such as rip DVD to AVI, DVD to MP4, H.264, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV, 3GP, etc. It can also help users faultlessly convert DVD to iPhone/4S, iPad/3, iPod, Apple TV, Android, HTC, Samsung, XOOM, Galaxy Tab, PSP, etc, latest encrypted DVD supported. This DVD ripper brings No.1 fast DVD ripping solution in the market thanks to the cutting-edge technology to support Multi-core CPU (maximally 8-core processor) and Hyper-threading.
 
Moreover, the DVD rip software is built in 3 innovative DVD copy modes to meet users' up-to-date DVD backup demands - clone DVD disc to ISO image; copy DVD title to multi-track MPEG2 file with all videos/audios/subtitles; backup main content of a DVD for playing on PC, PS3, Xbox, Media Center, etc. The latter two Copy modes cost you 5 minutes only!
 

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum Key Features 


High-level and Unique Technologies:
 
Continuously update to support the latest DVD copy protections and a growing number of platforms by Microsoft, Apple, Google, etc.
 
With support for Multi-core CPU, this software delivers blazingly fast DVD conversion performance, which is x2 faster than common DVD ripper in market.
 
Professional Presets - The program comes preloaded with a number of preconfigured profiles for popular devices. Users could also customize and save profiles.
 
High Quality Engine - Give you the highest possible quality for maximum enjoyment of standard DVD content.
 
Deinterlacing - Change interlaced scanning DVD movie to progressive scanning to output much better video effect.
 


System Requirements:
 
Operation System: Microsoft Windows 98, NT, 2000, 2003, XP, Vista (32 & 64 bit), Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit) 

Processor: 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
 
RAM: 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
 
Free Hard Disk: 100MB space for installation
 
Graphic Card: 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
 
Others: DVD-ROM drive
 


Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 