From Wikipedia:

The Marvel Fireside Books Series was a series of full-color trade paperbacks featuring Marvel Comics stories and characters co-published by Marvel and the Simon & Schuster division Fireside Books from 1974 to 1979.

The series enabled fans of the old comics to have access to the stories without having to pay exorbitant prices for the original back issues. It introduced new readers to the work of Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko, and other Marvel creators, and packaged the material in a traditional book format that carried more caché than the flimsy pamphlet style of a typical comic book. Many of the books featured painted covers illustrated by such artists as Bob Larkin, John Romita, Sr., and Earl Norem. In this way, the series was an antecedent to the now common practice of packaging "classic" stories into archival editions and trade paperback collections including Marvel's 1998 book Grandson of Origins of Marvel Comics.

------

You can also check out http://members.tripod.com/adams_fan/fireside.html for a ton of useful info on the whole series.

------

This is a follow-up to my Origins of Marvel Comics and my Bring on the Bad Guys torrents. I came across this one published in 1977, the same year as The Superhero Women which I was actually searching for. THE MIGHTY MARVEL SUPERHEROES’ COOKBOOK is the 8th (or so) trade paperback, published by Fireside/Simon & Schuster after ORIGINS, SON OF ORIGINS, BAD GUYS, WOMEN, a STRENGTH & FITNESS BOOK and two FUN BOOKs.
 
This cookbook is hilarious! Words cannot express how amused I’ve been while reading through this. 

I don’t know what I expected, but I didn’t foresee:
1. A full-page splash of Spider-Man wearing a chef’s hat with flames blazing out of the oven behind him.
2. A certain armored Avenger yelling “I get my iron from beef liver!”
3. The covertly racist choice of ‘70s African-American hero Goliath serving up meatloaf -- a dish of brown meat. **shaking my head**
4. Shang-Chi’s rice (see #3)
5. Howard the Duck on the back cover but not in the book, probably luckily for him.

The extent of this book’s lavish illustrations by Joe Giella (I’ve never heard of him) also surprised me. It’s actually a beautiful product. But it’s just damn weird!

This one's 96 pages. All credit to the original scanner!