Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/74000/photo-73666.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/74000/photo-73667.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/74000/photo-73668.jpg

Spec Ops The Line-SKIDROW
Spec Ops: The Line (c) 2K Games     
  
  
    27-06-2012....Release Date - Protection.............Steam + CEG    
    TFS..............Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD    
   
 RELEASE NOTES     
 
   
 Spec Ops: The Line is a new original title from 2K Games that features  
 provocative and gripping Third-Person modern military Shooter gameplay  
 designed to challenge players' morality by putting them in the middle   
 of unspeakable situations where unimaginable choices affecting human    
 life must be made. Features include, a gripping, storyline reminiscent  
 of Apocalypse Now and Heart of Darkness but set in a ruined Dubai,      
 tactical squad-based Delta Force gameplay throughout a horizontally     
 and vertically oriented world, devastating sandstorms which can be      
 used in combat, a variety of multiplayer modes and maps, and deep
 support featuring two factions.      
    
   
 Features:
   
 A new portrayal of the military shooter experience with twisting 
 narrative uncertainties.      
   
 Action packed 3rd Person Shooter gameplay provides an up-close and      
 personal view into the brutality and emotion within the combat.  
   
 Command an intelligent and powerful squad of Delta-Force soldiers in a  
 dangerous and unpredictable combat zone.    
   
 Cross "The Line" in a mature story that explores the dark side of war,  
 where there are no bright outcomes, only bad or worse choices.   
   
 Unique Dubai setting strikes the imagination and transports players to  
 a larger-than-life playground for vertical gameplay and stunning 
 visuals. 
   
 Sand-filled Dubai provides new gameplay experiences including sand      
 avalanches, and powerful, disorienting sandstorm combat.  
   
 Customisable, Class-Based, Blazing Multiplayer     
   
 INSTALL NOTES  
 
 2. Mount or burn image 
 3. Install      
 4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation   
 5. Play the game
 6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy