Release Info:

Advanced Uninstaller PRO is the ultimate uninstaller for Windows, allowing you to uninstall programs quickly and completely using its simple and intuitive interface.
 
No need to worry about stubborn programs ever again!
 
Advanced Uninstaller PRO features an Installation Monitor that keeps track of all changes performed to your computer during software installations; this way you can later completely uninstall any program and make sure nothing is left behind. Advanced Uninstaller PRO is able to uninstall any program without a trace.
 
Advanced Uninstaller PRO can also remove a lot of items that other uninstallers can't even touch. It can repair broken registry entries, clean non-functional Start Menu shortcuts, uninstall annoying browser toolbars, plugins and hijackers, remove fonts and get rid of startup programs that run in your system tray and slow down your computer.
 The program is especially designed to be very clear, fast, pleasant and intuitive. Easy to read information and help is readily available throughout the program, guiding you every step of the way.
 
Advanced Uninstaller PRO helps your PC run at its full speed by taking good care of the Windows registry and services. It also helps you free disk space by detecting and removing duplicate files and helping you turn on the Windows file compression if needed.
 
The program can delete the web browsing and document opening history in many applications, so you can surf the Internet and open images, videos and any other file without worry. It can also defend your right to privacy by shredding the files and folders you choose in such a way that they won't ever be recovered. Internet Explorer 8, Mozilla Firefox 3 and Google Chrome are now fully supported.
 
With Advanced Uninstaller PRO, you have all the tools you need to uninstall programs, speed up and fix your PC, protect your privacy, remove lots of annoying plugins, toolbars and browser hijackers that other cleaning tools don't detect and remove.
 
Advanced Uninstaller PRO runs on Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP and has been reviewed and recommended by prestigious computer magazines and testing labs all over the world.
 
Advanced Uninstaller PRO is fully compatible with all service packs and all editions of the following operating systems:
Windows 7 32-bit and 64-bit, all editions and service packs
Windows Vista 32-bit and 64-bit, all editions and service packs
Windows XP 32-bit and 64-bit, all editions and service packs
All the tools of Advanced Uninstaller PRO now work on 64-bit versions of Windows, and are safe to use.