[Enigmatic Music Collection] Aeoliah (Part I) - 18 albums

01. Activating your Cakras
02. Anchoring Your Light Body
03. Angel Love For Children
04. Angel Love II
05. Angels Of The Heart
06. Angel's Touch
07. Bliss
08. Chambers Of The Heart
09. Divinaura
10. Dolphin Serenade
11. Echoes Of Tomorrow
12. Elixir Immortale
13. Healing Music For Reiki 1
14. Healing Music For Reiki 2
15. Healing Music For Reiki 3
16. Healing Music For Reiki 4
17. Inner Sanctum
18. Mandala Of Purity

Aeoliah (pronounced: Ay-oh-lee-ya) was born and raised in Germany until he was ten when he immigrated to the US with his parents in 1960. He completed his university training at the University of New Mexico in 1972, graduating cum laude with a degree in fine arts. His works of art have been exhibited in world museums such as the Art Institute of Chicago and the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam. During his early teens, he took formal music lessons on the violin and played in his local high school orchestra. However, his true love was always the piano. In 1979, while he was in process of completing a painting entitled Music of the Spheres, he began to hear tonal harmonies that corresponded to the healing tones and colors in the painting. He then got the idea that light and sound are somehow linked as universal forms of energy, and this in turn, became his inspiration and vision to create his first album, Inner Sanctum in 1980.

What started out as impressionistic, improvisational textures of electronic and acoustic instruments blending together in rich harmonic overtones of transparent, ethereal sound, later evolved into more structured compositions which have since, become well known classics of the New Age meditation & healing music genre.

Aeoliah firmly believes that to continue to categorize music that may contain various styles and elements such as classical, deep space music, or pop into one narrow category of New Age, is much too limiting to the broad appeal of the music. His music is steadily moving into more mainstream outlets such as Barnes & Noble, Best Buy, I-Tunes, Tower Records, and a large chain of department stores in Europe. . His recordings have also been featured on Continental and KLM Airlines as part of their in-flight program.

One of his big hits is Angel Love, which was released in 1985, and still continues to be on the top charts of the alternative music market today. In 1989 and 1991, Angel Love was featured as a top ten best seller in the East Coast publication of ‘New York Naturally’, a resource directory for the tri-state area of New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. Among the top recording artists featured were Aeoliah, Enya, Suzanne Cianni, Yanni, Ray Lynch, Mike Rowland, Bruce BecVar and Kitaro. Then in late 1993, Marla Maples Trump gave birth to her first child, Ariana Trump, and played Angel Love for Children, during her birthing process. Shortly after giving birth, Marla appeared as a guest on CBS This Morning, and handed a copy of that recordi ng to Paula Zahn, (also pregnant at the time) who was hosting the show, and said that Angel Love was one of her favorite pieces of music. Quite a few other celebrities such as Ashley Judd and others also enjoy the soothing and healing aspect of his music.