    SQL Server 2012 T-SQL Recipes: A Problem-Solution Approach  -  2010kaiser


SQL Server 2012 T-SQL Recipes is an example-based guide to the Transact-SQL language that is at the core of SQL 

Server 2012. It provides ready-to-implement solutions to common programming and database administration tasks. 

Learn to create databases, insert and update data, generate reports, secure your data, and more. Tasks and their 

solutions are broken down into a problem/solution format that is quick and easy to read so that you can get the job 

done fast when the pressure is on.



Solutions in this book are divided into chapters by problem domain. Each chapter is a collection of solutions 

around a single facet of the language such as writing queries, developing triggers, and applying aggregate 

functions. Each solution is presented code-first, giving you a working code example to copy from and implement 

immediately in your own environment. Following each example is an in-depth description of how and why the given 

solution works. Tradeoffs and alternative approaches are also discussed.



    Focused on solutions: Look up what you need to do. Learn how to do it. Do it.
    Current: Newly updated for SQL Server 2012
    Comprehensive: Covers all common T-SQL problem domains

What youΓÇÖll learn

    Create databases, tables, and indexes
    Query and manipulate data
    Store and manage XML inside the database
    Move business logic into the database
    Resolve common performance problems.
    Build reports that matter to your business.
    Perform common backup and recovery tasks.

Who this book is for

SQL Server 2012 T-SQL Recipes is aimed at technically-oriented users of SQL Server desiring to extract the full 

power of the platform through it's powerful, built-in programming and scripting language. Target readers include 

developers who use Microsoft SQL Server 2012 as their backΓÇôend database, and the database administrators who 

create, manage, and secure those databases.
Table of Contents

    Getting Started with SELECT
    Elementary Programming
    Nulls and Other Pitfalls
    Combining Data from Multiple Tables
    Grouping and Summarizing
    Advanced SELECT Techniques
    Query Techniques for Reporting
    Inserting, Updating, Deleting
    Working with Strings
    Working with Dates
    Working with Numbers
    Transactions, Locking, Blocking, Deadlocking
    Managing Tables
    Managing Views
    Managing Indexes
    Managing Large Tables
    Stored Procedures
    User-Defined Functions
    Triggers
    Error Handling
    Query Performance
    Hints
    Index Tuning and Statistics
    XML
    Files, Filegroups, and Integrity
    Backup
    Recovery
    Principals and Users
    Securables and Permissions
    Objects and Dependencies

ISBN-10: 1430242000
 
ISBN-13: 9781430242000

ENJOY AND SEED!!!