Cory Skyy - CS Lifestyle Training Series
English | MP3 | 584MB

Last year Cory held an intense 3 month live training session for a select few guys. Since the program was so powerful and had such a profound impact on the guy's lives who attended the program he decided to turn it into a downloadable product.


Here are just a few topics that are covered in this program.

Developing your own personal style
Proper grooming
Decorating/personalizing your home
Building a life that is fun and full of women
Taking total control of your life and living it for yourself
Building a social network of friends
Attraction
Sexual Energy
Making a presence
Changing the way you move and interact
Understanding how eye contact really works
Positioning

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 1
In order to begin this journey to becoming great, you have to figure out what it is you are passionate about and what you want. Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 2
When you start living the life you truly want, amazing things are going to be happening that will make you feel like you are living a dream. Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 3
What kind of body language does a sexy guy have? How does a sexy guy walk into a venue? How does he think? Cory has the answers for you in this audio. Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 4
Ever have a girl 69 you while driving down the road? How about a threesome with 2 girls on a typical Wednesday night? Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 5
Are you attractive? Surround yourself with beautiful people. Not physically beautiful, but good people who love and take care of themselves and dress well. Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 6
Do you love your life? No one will love your life more than you. No one will love you more than you. When you become that guy, you become irresistible. Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 7
How do you hold yourself in public? Strong body language is a key to be attractive to women. You don't have to be perfect, but at the same time standing confidently Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 8
Honesty is extremely attractive to women. Be honest with yourself and to others and you will be respected more for it. Read more...

CS LIFESTYLE SERIES AUDIO 9
Cory talks about the signals that women give to let you know that they are interested in you. He also talks about how the eye game works and how it can work everywhere.

More info:
_http://www.coryskyy.com/public/department45.cfm