                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Use your phone or tablet as an offroad topo mapping GPS with the bestselling outdoor navigation app for Android! Explore beyond cell coverage for hiking, hunting and more.

Download topo maps for the US and some other countries in advance, so you won't need cell coverage when navigating.

This uses many publicly available map sources as free downloads. It also has some additional content available as an in app purchase:

    Boundary maps for 12 western states from the Bureau of Land Management(BLM) for $7.99. Great for hunters, hikers, and prospectors. 
    Content from US TrailMaps for $15.99, including:
    Snowmobile Trail Maps for Snowmobiling enthusiasts, 
    ATV Trail Maps 
    Whitewater Trail Maps,
    Equestrian Trail maps. 

See these in the menu under More-> "Purchasing AddOns".

You are welcome to try the DEMO version to make sure you like the maps in your country.

NOTE: If you've already purchased this or any paid app, you can install it at any time from 'My Apps' in the Android Market.

Use offline topo maps and GPS on hiking trails without cell service! The GPS in your Android phone can get its position from GPS satellites, and you donΓÇÖt have to rely on your data plan to get maps. Have more fun and safe GPS adventures in the backcountry.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 6, 2012)

    Kml and GPX Export fixes.
    OSRef conversion fix.
    Updates: USGS Aerials now uses National Map
    Faster downloading! Up to ten times as fast.
    More reliable selection for downloads.
    New Map Source: 4umap: Free Topographic map of Europe
    New Map Source: Catalunya
    Addons include Accuterra map source,SnowMobile trail maps, ATV, Equestrian, Birding, and Whitewater trail maps, and BLM Land Boundary Maps of 12 western states.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+


                                   By bobiras2009	