Gallery: 
 
http://imagedomino.com/?g=174080

Size: 464258078 bytes (442.75 MiB), duration: 01:18:19, avg.bitrate: 790 kb/s
Audio: aac, 48000 Hz, stereo (eng)
Video: h264, yuv420p, 640x360, 29.97 fps


Today's college cutie is 20 year old Mira all the way from fancy pants USC. The action starts almost instantly because as Mira is fixing her make up, she makes the mistake of bragging about what a great little cocksucker she is. Lucky for y'all this is a boast that can easily be proven. I put her on the spot and demand that she drop to her knees and provide validation. Verdict: Myth = CONFIRMED.
You can tell by the noisy way she sucks and slurps on my dong that she loves cock. She jams it down her throat and gags herself with it and then pops it out of her lips with a smack. Where do we find these girls??? Oh, right, California. Anyway we'll never get this thing filmed if she doesn't finish her make up. So, reluctantly I let her up and let her get back to putting her face on. However, as I am lens-fucking her with the camera I decide to pull off her jeans and check out her cute little thong panties. I notice something, though: her thighs near her vag are suspiciously shiny. Is it possible that our little cocksucking session got her all wet and bothered? There's only one way to find out so I slide my hand between her legs. She admits that she's totally turned on and getting wet already. There's really only one thing that will do in a situation like this and it's my cock. I drop trow and pull her ass back and hit it from behind. I catch a few great views of Mira's fuck face in the mirror and you can tell she's into it. Anyway I pull my shiny dick away from her and let her get ready for the interview.
We get to talking and Mira reveals that when she goes out to party, she's an insatiable cocksucker, but kinda tame when it comes to sex: no three ways, no g-g action, just a close call with bondage where she kicked her bf's ass and a few outdoor escapades. Anyway, enough chit-chat, we've already seen how warmed up her snatch is and I'm itching to play with it, so I have her strip out of her skirt and her fun bow-tie panties. Sure enough, despite being momentarily distracted by her tight little asshole, I find that her pussy is glistening with wetness. So it's definitely on. I start off by fingering her cute pink pussy and she definitely responds, but before long she's begging for fingers and toys - this is a girl who knows how to cum. I bang her with a pink dildo and she stimulates her clit with a vibrator and in no time she achieves a shuddering orgasm that leaves her smiling and panting. Then another. Then another. She's clearly riding a wave.
All this stimulation has me rock hard and needing a face to fuck. Fortunately, Mira to the rescue. She hops up on the bed and demands to be fucked after all she reminds me, "I don't suck cock if I'm not gonna get fucked!" So…she gets fucked. Hard and long. You know how we do it at the ECG. I know she likes it rough from our interview and a few slaps just get her wetter and more excited until she's so wet I have to flip her over and pin her down to get some friction. After that it's a blur of position while I punned her, she rides me, she gets herself off with a vibrator and so on until the big finish…in her willing mouth. There you go - one of the cutest little spinners in ECG history getting banged like a gong on Chinese new year.