Autoplay Menu Designer is a powerful tool that lets you build a beautiful and interactive autorun menu for CD-ROM, DVD, USB Flash Drives, without any programming skills. Using the simple wizard and many professional layouts, you can easily create a new project and blend shapes, buttons, annotations into a nice looking autoplay CD. Autoplay Menu Designer supports a wide range of actions that add interactivity to the menu. Users can click buttons or links to run applications, open documents, open URL links, show or hide objects, play sound, change texture and shadow. The new project can be previewed at any time before building the final package to ensure CD menu works fine.

Three Steps to Create Autorun CD Menu

With Autoplay Menu Designer, you can jumpstart your autoplay CD project in three easy steps.

1. Select layout.
Autoplay Menu Designer lets you create your CD menu with the wizard where you can select the project layout from many pre-build templates. Then you can configure project settings such as project folder, output folder, window style, size, position and background, select the file to run when the disk is inserted into CD-ROM, enable splash screen and localization support, if necessary.

2. Edit project.
When the layout appears in the workarea, you can elaborate on it further. Add text, buttons, shapes, hyperlinks and other objects to the autorun menu with a few clicks of the mouse.

Define actions that occur when the user hovers the mouse cursor over an object, or clicks on it. For example, you can set the object to show a tooltip, play a sound, or open a document on a mouse click.

3. Build project.
The final step is to package your project for deployment on a CD-ROM. You can build the CD menu through the Build Project wizard in seconds. The output includes the standalone AutorunMenu player, a folder with resource files and autorun.dat. To finalize everything, burn these files to the CD or DVD disk, using the Windows CD burning feature, or any third-party burning software.