Carrie Fisher - Wishful Drinking

96 kbps, Unabridged, Read by Carrie Fisher
 
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/wishful-drinking-carrie-fisher/1100364464

Overview
Finally, after four hit novels, Carrie Fisher comes clean (well, sort of ) with the crazy truth that is her life in her first-ever memoir. In Wishful Drinking, adapted from her one-woman stage show, Fisher reveals what it was really like to grow up a product of "Hollywood in-breeding," come of age on the set of a little movie called Star Wars, and become a cultural icon and bestselling action figure at the age of nineteen.

Intimate, hilarious, and sobering, Wishful Drinking is Fisher, looking at her life as she best remembers it (what do you expect after electroshock therapy?). It's an incredible tale: the child of Hollywood royalty ΓÇö Debbie Reynolds and Eddie Fisher ΓÇö homewrecked by Elizabeth Taylor, marrying (then divorcing, then dating) Paul Simon, having her likeness merchandized on everything from Princess Leia shampoo to PEZ dispensers, learning the father of her daughter forgot to tell her he was gay, and ultimately waking up one morning and finding a friend dead beside her in bed.

Wishful Drinking, the show, has been a runaway success. Entertainment Weekly declared it "drolly hysterical" and the Los Angeles Times called it a "Beverly Hills yard sale of juicy anecdotes." This is Carrie Fisher at her best ΓÇö revealing her worst. She tells her true and outrageous story of her bizarre reality with her inimitable wit, unabashed self-deprecation, and buoyant, infectious humor.

From Barnes & Noble
The apparently tipsy drinker on the cover of Carrie Fisher's memoir sports Princess Leia's tightly knotted "cinnamon bun" hairstyle. That shouldn't surprise us: Fisher has acted in dozens of films and television shows, but her visage seems inextricably connected with her role as Leia in the Star Wars epic. In fact, the media-beleaguered actress once quipped that if she went senile, she would probably slip into her Jedi persona. Wishful Drinking doesn't, however, dwell long on Skywalker lure; because of her drinking and drug problems, Fisher's preoccupations have always been much more personal than interstellar. This memoir possesses the raw power and sharp edge of her fiction, especially her debut novel, Postcards from the Edge.

Publishers Weekly
Fisher's larger-than-life personality shines through as she performs her raucous memoir with all the panache of the standup routine that inspired the book. Her comedic talents are on full display-particularly in her diagram of Hollywood inbreeding that ends with the ironic punch line that Fisher's teenage daughter is now flirting with the grandson of Elizabeth Taylor, who broke up Fisher's parents' marriage in the 1950s. As Fisher romps through her own affairs and marriages, and her bouts with alcoholism and drug abuse, she manages to see the funny side in all of it, even bipolar disorder (she calls her manic side Roy and her depressed alter ego Pam, after "piss and moan"). She does a fantastic impersonation of her mother, Debbie Reynolds, and an uproarious sendup of George Lucas, who wouldn't let her wear a bra in Star Wars because he was adamant that there was no underwear in space. 