Ek Doctor Ki Maut - 1991 - Tapan Sinha Masterpiece - Critically Acclaimed

Ek Doctor Ki Maut is a 1991 award winning film by noted Bengali director Tapan Sinha, which depicts the ostracism, bureaucratic negligence, reprimand and insult of a doctor and his research, instead of recognition.

SYNOPSIS
After years of painstaking research at the cost of his personal life, Dr. Dipankar Roy (Pankaj Kapoor) discovers a vaccine for leprosy. The news is flashed over television and overnight, an insignificant junior doctor receives international recognition. Professional jealousy and abuse of power threaten Dr. Roy, even as the Secretary of Health reprimands him for breaking the news to the press. He is asked to report to the Director of Health. Professional colleagues Dr. Arijit Sen and Dr. Ramananda invite him to a lecture but it is merely a pretence to humiliate him. Dr. Roy suffers a mild heart attack but he refuses to go to the hospital. His wife (Shabana Azmi) and a few others like Dr. Kundu and Amulya (Irfan Khan) stand by Dr. Roy, but the harassment continues; a letter from a British foundation, John Anderson Foundation, is suppressed and Dr. Roy transferred to a remote village. The last straw is two American doctors receiving credit for discovering the same vaccine. Dr. Roy is shattered.

Awards :
38th National Film Awards, India
1991 National Film Award for Second Best Feature Film
1991 National Film Award for Best Directing: Tapan Sinha
1991 National Film Award - Special Jury Award: Pankaj Kapoor (Dr. Dipankar Roy).

Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards
1991 Best Film
1991 Best Director

Filmfare Awards
1992 Filmfare Best Screenplay Award: Tapan Sinha.

Cast:
Pankaj Kapoor...Dr.Dipankar Roy
Shabana Azmi...Seema (Dr.Roy's Wife)
Irfan Khan...Amulya the Journalist
Vijayendra Ghatge...Dr.Arijit(Dr.Roy's childhood friend)
Deepa Sahi...Paromita(Vijayendra Ghatge's Wife)

Media Info:
Language - Hindi (Indian)
Video Size - 1.07 GB
Video Codec - MPEG-4
Video Res - 426 x 316
Video Frame Rate - 25 fps 
Video Bitrate - 1147 Kbps
Video Container - Matroska Video
Subtitles - English Hardcoded
Audio Codec - AAC
Channels - Stereo
Sample Rate - 44100 Hz @ 128 kbps
Length -  2 Hrs 13 mins

Screenshots:







