Bratsch are a French-based music ensemble using influences from Roma (i.e. Gypsy) music, klezmer, jazz and many diverse folk traditions. The group was formed in 1975 by guitarist Dan Gharibian and violinist Bruno Girard, and has released more than ten albums to date. The group is renowned for the diversity of its musical influences and for the virtuosity of its members and guest artists. (wikipedia)

- - -

2007 album from the France-based acoustic outfit featuring guest appearances from famed French vocalists including Khaled, Olivia Ruiz, Lhasa, Charles Aznavour and others.
As popular as Bratsch is around the world, it's the connection to their roots which enables them to play for tens of thousands or for free in a street during yet another of France's infamous strikes. But besides being politically conscious, from the 60s and still quite radical, Bratsch also produces the most wonderful of music. In their anniversary year, on 2007, the band issued a very special CD. Instead of some sort of Greatest Hits concoction, they invited their musical fans to join them in the studio. Under the title Plein du Monde, they recorded an album full of 'duets' with a wide array of musicians. Most songs are Bratsch originals or arranged traditionals. (store.harmoniamundi.com)

- - -

Bratsch - Plein du Monde 2007
(Abacaba Editions 2011)

 1. Bilovengo (avec Khaled)   
 2. L'almee Phenomene (avec Olivia Ruiz)  
 3. Taves Bartalo (avec Sanseverino)  
 4. Mangeur De Lune (avec Debout Sur Le Zinc)   
 5. Nie Bouditie (avec Lhasa)    
 6. Oyfn Veg (avec Tete)    
 7. Au Bar Est Barre Papa (avec La Rue Ketanou)  
 8. Fratelli (avec Nery) 
 9. S'envoler Loin (avec Nourith)  
10. Paroles En L'air Et Pas Perdus (avec Juliette)
11. Erjaii Ya Alf Leila (avec Khaled)  
12. La Goutte D'eau (avec Charles Aznavour)    
13. Enfants D'la Bise   
14. Bien Roulee (avec Balbino Medellin)  
15. Nous Chantons

Dan Gharibian: guitar, bouzouki, vocals
Bruno Girard: violin, vocals
Theo Girard: double bass
Nano Peylet: clarinet
Francois Castiello: accordion, vocals
