iPad Magic platinum

Transfer, backup and manage iPad/iPod/iPhone
Backup Music to ComputerManage PhotosTransfer Movies to iPadTransfer eBooks
Convert DVDs & Videos to iPad, iPod, or iPhone
Download and convert online videos for iPad
Make iPhone ringtones
App transfer and App document management
Support iPhone 5, iPad 4, iPad mini, iOS 6, iTunes 10.7

Features

Transfer between iPad/iPod/iPhone and PC
Transfer music, movies, photos, books(PDF and EPUB formats) and iPhone ringtones between iPad/iPod/iPhone and PC, easy and fast.
Backup iPad/iPod/iPhone to iTunes
Backup all files in iPad/iPod/iPhone to iTunes library. Transfer the playlist to iTunes. Support iTunes 10.7 well.
Backup Messages and Contacts
Save messages from devices to PC for backup. Import contacts exported from Incredimail.
Manage iPod/iPhone Multimedia Files
Create photo albums from pictures shot by iPhone, copy photos from photostream to computer; import PDF/EPUB books to devices, build playlists for multimedia files freely.
App Transfer and App Document Management
Transfer application between computer and your device, and even manage document for some applications which support this operation. Now you can drag and drop the apps.
Connect Multiple Devices Simultaneously
Support connecting multiple devices simultaneously.
Support various view types
Show music, movies, photos in various view modes: Song, Albums, Artists, Genres, Composers modes for music; Movies and Genres modes for movie files; photos and albums view modes for photo files.

System Requirements: 

OS: Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7
Processor: 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM: 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk: 50MB space for installation
Graphics Card: Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher
Others: iTunes 9.1 or above; DVD-ROM drive; Internet connection

Homepage:

Installation Instructions:

- Install program
- Register program with any name and given key.
- Done, Enjoy