Dr.Batcher

Dr.Batcher is the most powerful batch files
editor available today. Create batch file easy!

Designed both for beginners and advanced users, Dr.Batcher offers you
the most comfortable way to create batch files, edit them
and compile into EXE.

WHAT IS DR.BATCHER:

Dr.Batcher is the utility that helps you to create and edit batch files (BAT files, CMD files) in a fast and simple way. This is the most powerful and simple batch files editor available today.
Dr.Batcher is designed both for users that have never created BAT files before and for those who know BAT files syntax well. It provides you with two different modes of the batch file editor: Simple and Professional. In the first mode you can edit batch script with visual editors and wizards. The second mode provides you with a professional script editor for batch files supporting code tooltips, syntax highlighting and bookmarks. You can switch between Simple and Professional modes at any time you need.

Dr.Batcher also provides you with powerful wizards to convert BAT to EXE, CMD to EXE and create your own backup batch scripts. Now you can compile batch file into EXE file in a few clicks. With a new backup script wizard you can create backup scripts in a fast and easy way. Produce scripts to create compressed (ZIP, CAB) and uncompressed backups and to restore them.

BENEFITS OF USING DR.BATCHER:

Batch files, also called BAT files and CMD files, are simple scripts that allow Windows users to automate different tasks. First introduced in MS-DOS, today batch files are still popular among users because of the way they are provided with the simplest scripting techniques for Windows. Once created, batch files can be run on any Windows without installing any additional software.
Why to use Dr.Batcher to create and edit batch files?

Dr.Batcher saves your time. You can create or edit BAT files several times faster than in Notepad or other usual text editors.
Dr.Batcher saves your money. Using BAT files you have no need to buy special utilities helping you to rename files in batch mode, clean folders from ΓÇ£garbageΓÇ¥ or synchronize contents of folders.
Dr.Batcher helps you to automate your work. Forget about boring tasks! Once batch file is created, you can use it as long as you need on any computer running Windows or MS-DOS.

FEATURES OF DR.BATCHER:

Simple mode: create batch files with visual editors and wizards
Professional mode: create BAT files with full-featured and highly customizable text editor with syntax highlighting, code tooltips, lines numbering and bookmarks
Easy switching between different modes of batch file editor
Built-in support for most commonly used standard Windows and DOS batch file commands
Support for easy search of additional information on batch file commands in the Web via Google, Yahoo, MSN Search
Batch file compiler wizard: compile batch files into EXE files (BAT to EXE, CMD to EXE)
Backup script wizard: create backup and restore batch scripts in a few clicks
Support for looking through environment variables and copying their values
Expandability: easy to add new batch file commands through XML files with their descriptions
Support for BAT files and CMD files in Windows and DOS encoding, fast conversion of text from one encoding to another
Exporting BAT files and CMD files to HTML, RTF (Microsoft Word), TeX and printing them with syntax highlight
Support for changing language of Dr.BatcherΓÇÖs user interface
Running under all versions of Windows from 2000 to 7 both x86 and x64
Lots of templates and examples of batch files

Supported OS:

Windows 2000 to 7 both x86 and x64

Homepage: http://www.drbatcher.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Block program thru firewall to access internet.
4. Done, Enjoy.