High potential game can be played on iPhone UI as well as high quality sound of music
can be done on it. 

The opening movie are perfectly included. 
The 10 music on volal voice included. 
This fascinate you with portable feeling as if you carry PS2.
The features of the piece are as follows,
High definition graphic (Beautiful graphic)
This game can be played on iPhone UI.
Lot of letters like novel.
More than 100 computer graphics.
Call menu Double touch.
The function to skip parts which you have read and call up parts which you have read before. 
Automatic moving text in line with your reading speed. 
The pictures automatically turn along with the turn of iPhone-ware.
When game is interrupted by an incoming phone call, you can resume the game with Home Key.
Text Lang.: English
Voice Lang.: Japanese

Story / Detail
Shikanosuke Meajima is a student at the Missionary school, Oubi Academy. He doesn't attend his club, he doesn't put much effort in his studies, all he does is show up at his part time job; in short, his life could be better. One day, he meets a strange girl, Kirari Shiino, at work and before he knows it, they've formed a punk band.

The band consists of Shikanosuke, Kirari, his childhood friend Chie Isurugi, and a rich but weak young lady by the name of Sarina Kashiwara. The four of them are members of the Second Literature Club, which has hardly any active members and is already scheduled to be disbanded. This band is their chance to stand out and give one final farewell at the Culture Festival.

The challenge was foolhardy, but after eccentric training they managed to succeed and rock out the peaceful Oubi Academy with their debut performance. That should have been it. 
They were satisfied. 
They should have returned to their normal lives. 
However, their final performance at a local Live House became a hit on the Internet and requests for their performance start flying in from far and wide. 

One problem: exams are coming up and their parents are opposed to the band!

Who cares!

The four of them embark on their final adventure, a long tour of Japan, armed with their dreams and their instruments, all aboard a rickety van that could fall apart at any moment.

"First stop, Nagoya!"

*If youre application d'ont wake up then serius tupping on wake up application to move game title.
*Can do it movie skip for right flick in game playing.
What's new in Version 1.5
Fixed Voice bugs and other bugs