I will let Andy describe to you IV Killer in his own words

"My name is andy, and iv killer is my music. i have been in many bands in the past, and i dont regret any of them...but i always found it hard for me to work with others creatively. Being a guitarist, i eventually learned to sing....i taught myself to play drums over the past few years, and i must say....i can keep a beat. bass kinda just fell on me, but is what i believe -the soul of the music- it keeps everything together and flowing well. I then began applying for credit cards, and actually got approved....though i must say, i am a creditors worst nightmare....i started out purchasing small things, and paying them off.....the way it should be done....but then began buying more and more.....mostly recording equipment and practically everything i needed to put out my own professional quality music. i then lost my job and fell behind on payments.......... ......but in reality...music is well worth the debt...... i put out a quick demo in early 2009, with a more metal feel......but was very unsatisfied. I began kinda taking my music to a newer level, with a simpler approach, and more 'drum and bass' oriented. i have been writing extremely hard the past couple weeks and i am planning on gathering all my thoughts and opinions in song.......recording, and putting out a longer EP within the year. I am Motivated and appreciative. I am really beginning to work with many other extremely talented people...'friends' and am so excited for the future. Thanks to everyone i know, even those i dont like....for giving me something to write about...haha

Members
Andrew Cohick - guitars, drums, percussion, bass, vocals, mandolin, recording, mastering, producing, artwork/graphic artwork. anyone else wanting to throw some tracks down with me are more than welcome!

Influences
I am very much inspired by life, and all that happens in it. Love, pain, fear, hate, sadness, happiness, anger, freedom. I take alot of pride in the music i create, and have a passion for making it. "

-IV Killer Myspace

IV Killer- IV Killer Album this is the one and only actual IV Killer Full Length Album Andy recorded out in DougLand

IV Killer - Acoustic Mixtape is actually where Andy started to turn into Warhall and less IV Killers most of the songs from this Mixtape would later become Warhall songs.