Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                  
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                   
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                  
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and five photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?rjs91pz8h1fpn95a3p6glfom22ag cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?f0yd8nhkfy9u1llp1s62vkhrw7   face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?wwoc1ieo458nx362didnmykdvva5 breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6f5dbrg42vxuodrl20ftyax3jnup vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?8xn3safttthxxojurow469rr6b51 ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?24vtmn1mbtt9hnhlxja3zvinhj   vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?g3hck83bauu2hggkzts394swxv5t vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?a3dg2elttg2z3pe83nl08enioax  vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?33wi6cupjw1uquv80br94iabl28i vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments:  Hi its Lilly, I'm not a teen but I think I look young for my age.  I'm not a dress and heels person and so I went shopping the night before to get clothes for the shoot.  I bought 3 dresses and 3 pairs of heels.  I didn't know tattoos are frowned on in the adult industry but I like having them.  My mom who I don't get along with very well but still really love her would kill me if I got any more.  She's complaining that I'll have difficulty getting real jobs if I keep getting them.  My mom is divorced, she's Indian (not the american indian but from India) and my dad is white.  So I'm half Indian and thats where I got my darker features.  Yeah I like the way my body is and I know I've been lucky but at the same time I get hit on by every kind of guy at every age.  Maybe because I was well developed in my early teens that I ended up getting a lot of guys attention and losing my virginity early.  I like sex, yeah, but sometimes its just better to avoid the headgames and stick to girls or masturbate.  I don't masturbate too frequently but sometimes you just get the horny bug and you have to do it.  I prefer using a vibrator but my fingers work when I don't have one.  I havent owned one in quite a while so it was a big treat for me when I got to use the vibrators on the shoot.  The photographer kept asking for real orgasms and I told him well I dont know how to fake it?  But I can't concentrate on doing it if someone is around so I asked him to leave when I'm doing it.  The toys especially the electric toothbrush one were a lot better than what I used to use and it was amazing how wet and relaxed I felt afterwards.  The best thing about orgasms is that it relieves all my tensions from the day.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Shot early summer of last year, I was hoping to bring her back for more videos. She was very new to all this, and an agent with the adult industry wanted her to get her 'feet wet' with FTV, before she went on to more hardcore porn. She's super gorgeous, with a nice figure (some really nice perfect round and superfirm breasts) but more than anything was that smile of hers. I had to bring it out of her, she was very timid at first. I know she's doing hardcore porn by now, but its nice to see her how she was before she had any experience. She's more a jeans & t-shirt kind of girl, and doesn't wear heels much, but she did arrive from the airport with what you see in the first clip. She looked stunning on her arrival, so I wanted to capture the same through the post office location we shot at. The only real downside is all her tattoos -- I know many members will dislike it, and I agree, its a shame that she's taken her gorgeous figure and put these bird things on it. She was also very shy about masturbating in front of me, so I put the camera on a tripod and left. Its only after I started editing the shoot that I saw how amazing her orgasms were, with some of the strongest vaginal contractions I've ever seen. The Eroscillator ending just made her entire vaginal area pulsate like crazy.

Model Comments: N/A

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  So its nearly 4 months later, and I wanted to have more on her shoot for this update -- so I brought her back for more masturbation and orgasms.  Since she has some of the most amazing responses to an orgasm, the 'orgasmic contractions' fans would love to have her return.   Back with the same sunglasses but this time in flip flops, the first clip is about her getting ready for the shoot.  On location for some warmup video & breast play, we head straight to her favorite toy she remembers so well -- the Eroscillator.  Now that I know she has some very strong vaginal contractions, I had a second camera set up even closer to get all the details (clip 4).  Notice how wet she is inside when she spreads.  She definitely stays very wet, and the extreme closeups in the sun show how her vagina glistens in the light.  Like an experiment, if the Eroscillator brought her to such an orgasm, what happens if she uses the even stronger Vibraking?  Well it was a little too strong for her (as she mentioned that she couldn't change the settings since its one strength only) but over time like for many girls it drew her in, and brought her to a super strong orgasm.  Even crazier, is how swollen her entire vagina became, protruding out and looking like someone used a wide angle lens on a closeup.  And so ends this orgasm fest, with a rather nice juicy wet finale.  And yes, she wears contacts, she does wear glasses just as often.  But with beautiful eyes like hers, we'd like to see her without them.  Total first timer on the first half, pornstar on the second!