Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the game:

What starts in the city is settled in the canyons in Need for Speed Carbon. 
It immerses you in the world"s most dangerous, adrenaline-filled form of street racing. 
You and your crew must race in an all-out war for the city, risking everything to take over your rivals neighborhoods one block at a time. 
As the police turn up the heat, the battle ultimately shifts to Carbon Canyon, where territories and reputations can be lost on every perilous curve. 
Represent your car class, your crew, and your turf in Need for Speed Carbon, the next revolution in racing games. 
Strategically choose your crew members and then use their skills on the road and in the garage to help you win races and customize your cars.

Features:
Exclusive Collector"s Edition Content -- Featuring three new cars, ten specially tuned cars, six new races.
Survive the Canyon -- All-new Canyon Duel and Drift race modes are the ultimate test of skill and nerve, where one wrong turn could cost you more than the race.
Customize Your Dream Cars -- The revolutionary new Autosculpt customization tool gives you the power to design your cars in every way imaginable.
Build Your Crew -- Choose your crew members and then use their skills on the road to help you win races and customize your cars.

System Requirements
Minimum:
   Windows XP
   1.7GHz Processor
   512MB RAM
   DirectX 9.0c
   64MB ATi Radoen 8500 or nVidia GeForce4 Ti class Video Card
   DirectX compatible Sound Card
		

Notes:
This game include update patch 1.4
This game is already cracked - just install and play.
If game is asking for EA Account - just press escape key.



How to install:
After download is done:
- open (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.


	
More info and support here : 
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=521.msg7024#msg7024

If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .