If you like this torrent please seed!!!

Book Description
Title: New Perspectives on Microsoft Excel 2010: Comprehensive (New Perspectives Series)
Author(s): June Jamrich Parsons, Dan Oja, Roy Ageloff, Patrick Carey
Publication Date: October 21, 2010
ISBN-10: 0538742917
ISBN-13: 978-0538742917
Edition: 1
Paperback: 992 pages
Publisher: Course Technology
Language: English

With the New Perspectives' critical-thinking, problem-solving approach, students will gain a comprehensive understanding of MICROSOFT OFFICE EXCEL 2010 and will learn how to take advantage of the flexibility it offers. Case-based tutorials challenge students to apply what they are learning to real-life tasks, preparing them to easily transfer skills to new situations. With New Perspectives, students understand why they're learning what they're learning and are better situated to retain skills beyond the classroom.

About the Author
June Parsons and Dan Oja purchased their first computer, an Apple II+, in 1981 and quickly became fluent in BASIC, dBASE II, Lotus 123, WordStar, and a variety of accounting programs. The next year, they opened a successful small computer retail store that also offered software instruction to children and adults. June taught at the university level for more than 20 years, has a doctorate in Educational Technology, and was certified by the ICCP in 1995. June and Dan began writing and creating educational software for Course Technology in 1992. They contributed to the Windows for Business and Illustrated Series and developed the New Perspectives, e-Course, and Practical series. They work via the Internet with a team of highly skilled media specialists and desktop publishers located in various states and provinces.

Roy Ageloff has taught courses in computer programming, database design and development, accounting information systems, and office productivity software at the University of Rhode Island and has written textbooks in programming languages, database software, and spreadsheet applications. He is a business consultant and teacher at Paradise Valley Community College, Arizona.

Patrick Carey received his M.S. in Biostatistics from the University of Wisconsin, where he worked as a researcher designing and analyzing clinical studies. He co-authored his first textbook on using Excel as a statistical tool. Patrick has authored or co-authored over 20 academic and trade texts for the software industry.