                                  By bobiras2009	


Fraps is a universal Windows application that can be used with games using DirectX or OpenGL graphic technology.  
In its current form Fraps performs many tasks and can best be described as:

Benchmarking Software - Show how many Frames Per Second (FPS) you are getting in a corner of your screen.  
Perform custom benchmarks and measure the frame rate between any two points.  
Save the statistics out to disk and use them for your own reviews and applications.

Screen Capture Software - Take a screenshot with the press of a key!  
There's no need to paste into a paint program every time you want a new shot.  
Your screen captures are automatically named and timestamped.

Realtime Video Capture Software - Have you ever wanted to record video while playing your favourite game?  
Come join the Machinima revolution!  
Throw away the VCR, forget about using a DV cam, game recording has never been this easy!  
Fraps can capture audio and video up to 2560x1600 with custom frame rates from 10 to 120 frames per second!

New features and a new look!  Fraps is now compatible with Windows 7 and the latest DirectX 11 games.

Ventrilo & TeamSpeak users have long wanted a way to record their microphone and speakers at the same time.  
For Windows 7 and Vista we've added realtime sound mixing to our video recording so you can now capture
both sides of the conversation!

NVIDIA have recently included stereoscopic 3D support directly into their drivers.  
If you play your DirectX9 (D3D9) game with 3D Vision enabled you can use Fraps to record the game in full 3D too!  
You'll get a side-by-side stereo AVI recording that you can drop straight in to a stereoscopic 3D
player!

Finally, we are aware that more and more people are putting Fraps to professional use.  
We've added a new option to force lossless RGB compression to ensure that you always have the highest
quality video output to work with.

Fraps 3.5.7 - 14th August, 2012
- Fixed audio sync in long recordings for Windows XP users
- Fixed problem taking screenshots from DWM even with counter on screen
- Fixed 64-bit DirectX 11 games always being recorded in lossless RGB
- Fixed corruption in video when audio source set to 11.25kHz
- Other minor bug fixes

Supported OS:
Windows XP, 2003, Vista and Windows 7


                                  By bobiras2009	