
U PRESENTA U

Release Name....... Port.Royale.3.Steam.Edition.Repack.READNFO-CPY
Release Date....... 2/12/2012
Shop Release Date..
Format............. Iso
Release............ Gioco
Genre.............. Strategy
Protection......... Steam
Files N............ 45x100MB

U INFORMAZIONI U

The Caribbean, in the turbulent 17th Century. The mighty kingdoms of
Spain, England, France and the Netherlands fight over the colonies
And there you are, a young sea captain whose only goal is to become
the most powerful man in the New World. To achieve that goal, you may
choose one of the two available campaigns: will you become an Adventurer
or a Trader? If you chose the way of the Adventurer, lead an unforgiving
campaign for the conquest of the seas: invasion, piracy, bounty hunting,
raiding do whatever it takes to build your own empire in the Caribbean
And of course, trade will have a less important role to play in your rise
The way of the Trader is, on the opposite, mostly about developing your
riches and your economic power. To be the most powerful Trader of the
New World, you have to create trade routes, build industries and develop
the economy of the colonies
Of course, in Free Play mode, you can mix both of those in any way you
want, letting you create your own unique and exciting story
For the first time in the acclaimed Port Royale series, you are not alone
in the beautiful and seemingly so peaceful seas of the Caribbean
The Multiplayer mode allows up to 4 players to play through LAN or over
the Internet. Develop a successful trading company, lead your ships in
beautiful 3D naval battles and force your opponents to their knees

Instructions:

- Burn or mount the image
- Install the game
- Copy the crack
- Enjoy

This release is intended as an update, it just wasn't worth the trouble to
make a DOX for the size of it.
This release includes patch 1.3.1 5 DLCs and 3 Skins

- Pirate
- Ivory
- Adventure
- Party Time
- New Adventures
- Dawn of Pirates
- Harbour Master
- Ghost Ship

Sorry, we forgot to include the crack..shit happens

Many thanks to all our supporters -- you know who you are

U GRUPPO U

Established in 1999, we are possibly the oldest Italian-based
release group still in activity.  We express a big THANK YOU to
all those friends who helped us in various forms throughout these
years  Don't forget to support the companies and to keep the
Scene about FUN.

Fondato nel 1999, CPY e' probabilmente il piu' vecchio gruppo
release in Italia ancora in attivita'.  Ringraziamo DI CUORE tutti
gli amici che ci hanno aiutati in ogni maniera in questi anni
Ricordate di supportare le compagnie cinematografiche e di
software, e che la Scena dev'essere basata sul DIVERTIMENTO.

Contact: cpyhushmail.com

UU

