
CHAOS! | 20.10.2012 | 22.5 MB



Working with Audio Converter 2 does not require any previous knowledge concerning audio- and video formats. The software automatically recognizes the source file type and can manage the important standards AAC, MP3, WMA, Ogg Vorbis and WAV. Additional video formats are also provided automatically, so that you can store music and sounds directly from videos and



Easy-to-operate GUI

Fast format conversion without perceptible loss in quality
Supports all common formats, devices, players and consoles
Store music and sounds from DVDs, movies, advertising spots, videos and Internet platforms like Youtube
Support for DRM-protected audio files
Automatic support for metadata like e.g. ID3 tags
Information- and feature display of material to be converted
Latest compression technologies
Decoder for reading all common audio- and video formats


Supported audio formats

    AAC (e.g. Apple iPod and game consoles like PS3)
    MP3 (for all portable players and many stationary)
    WMA (for various portable and stationary players)
    Ogg Vorbis (for various portable and stationary players)
    WAV (for permanent and uncompressed archiving in original quality)

Video formats

    unprotected video DVDs
    XviD
    DivX
    Nero Digital
    High Definition video material (as .mpeg or .ts files)
    AVCHD
    WMV files
    MPEG1 and MPEG2 files
    nearly all MPEG4 files
    nearly all h.264 files
    mobile phone videos (3gp or mp4)
    flash video files (.flv)
    and many more ... so they say!!!


Supported languages

    German
    English
    Polski

System requirements

    Windows XP Service Pack 1/ Windows Vista (32/64) / Windows 7 (32/64)
    Windows Media Player 10 or 11
    .NET Framework Version 3.5 (is installed automatically if not available)
    Please make sure that the sound card is installed correctly under Windows Vista!
    256 MB RAM
    Pentium-compatible processor
    Mouse



INSTALLATION:

ΓÇó You need WinRar or other extractor of your chisse to extract the rar file

ΓÇó Install Setup.

ΓÇó Copy the Patch to the installation dir double-click on it (AS ADMIN)* and apply.




           ΓÇó  That's it! Done.


                      3Nj0Y!!