Hi folks

This is a High-end Erotica movie.

It not one of your typical wham-bam, thank ya mam style titles.

It's slow movie and deliberate in it's content.

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zazel


People who appreciate quality over whip it in, whip it out grunting will truly enjoy this.

"Zazel" is the title character, a world-famous artist commissioned to create "the most arousing perfume ever". In the course of devising this scent, Zazel variously paints pictures, views photographs, and wanders among the flowers of her garden, each experience inspiring her to envision a powerful sexual fantasy. The film consists of nearly a dozen individually themed sequences which reference and recreate iconography drawn from mythology, religion, literature, film and even Jungian psychology. These include sirens, water nymphs, mermaids, flowers, the jungle, The Three Musketeers, classic old Hollywood movies, angels and demons, and the Jungian duality of male and female.
 
Each sequence features an imaginative and novel treatment of sexual activity based on these themes, as well as several visual/anatomical puns achieved through the strategic use of body paint, fetishistic costumes and accessories, and trompe l'oeil camera placement and editing trickery. It is notable that Sasha Vinni, who plays Zazel and also narrates the film, never has heterosexual intercourse in any of her scenes: she simply masturbates and engages in lesbian activities with the other female performers.


Cast in order of appearance
 Sasha Vinni - Zazel/Blue Siren/Tiger/Brunette Musketeer/Female Angel/Mermaid Grace Harlow - Water Nymph Lene Hefner - Tattooed Girl Devin Deray - Tattoo Artist Anna Romero - Redhead Musketeer/Body Double for Female Angel/She-Devil Brooke Lane - Blonde Musketeer/Female Angel Antonio Valentino - Winged Male Angel Helena - Female Angel Gina LaMarca - Seductress Jon Severini - Man Nikie St. Gilles - Blonde Beauty Mermaid Kevin James - Gargoyle/Body Double for Winged Male Angel Drew Reese - Demon Man


Directed by
 
Philip Mond
 


Produced by
 
Marco


Enjoy