Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith[/b][/color][/size]
Author(s ):  Stephen Davis, Aerosmith
Language : English 
Genre:  Autobiography 
Publisher:  HarperCollins 
Publication Date:  October 1, 1997 
Pages 522 
ISBN ISBN 0-3809-7594-7 (hardback edition) 
Format:pdf

From the band that lived by the motto "Anything worth doing was worth overdoing" -- Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, Tom Hamilton, Brad Whitford, and Joey Kramer -- comes a quarter century of rock godhood: the life, the music, the truth, the hell, the lost years, and the raunchy, unsafe sex.  And, of course, the drugs. 
But after crashing in a suffocating cloud of cocaine, crystal meth, and heroin, Aerosmith rose up from the ashes to become clean and sober -- and reclaim their rightful title as World Champion Rockers. Learn how they did it in a book that is pure Aerosmith unbound: where they came from, what they are now, and what they will always be -- a great American band. [/color]

Walk This Way is divided into two "books", or sections of the book, with five chapters apiece. Book One chronicles the band from the primary members' early lives up until 1975, when their album Toys in the Attic was released and the band was reaching their peak in the 1970s. Book Two chronicles the band from 1976 into their downfall in the early 1980s, and then their remarkable comeback of the late 1980s up until 1997, when the book was released.
The book is written in a very distinctive fashion, with alternating paragraphs of recollections by the individual band members, band personnel, family members, friends, and music industry professionals. This results in a very descriptive reading, as it presents the detailed recollection of individual events in the band's history from several perspectives

About the Author:

Stephen Davis is an American music journalist and historian.
Davis was born in New York City and attended Boston University. He began his career writing for the Boston Phoenix in 1970. His journalism has appeared in Rolling Stone, The New York Times, the Boston Globe and numerous other papers and magazines. 
Davis has been described as "perhaps America’s best-known rock biographer", having written biographies of Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones, Fleetwood Mac, Aerosmith, Guns N’ Roses, Bob Marley, Levon Helm, and Jim Morrison, among others. 
Davis currently lives in Milton, Massachusetts.