Monpura 2009 DVDRip Bengali Movie.mkv

Subtitle not available.

A housemaid is killed by a local landlord's son. His servant takes the blame for the murder, to save the landlord's mentally ill son and is marooned in an island named Monpura. There the servant comes across a fisherman's daughter. 

Director: Selim Gias Uddin
Writer: Selim Gias Uddin

Country: Bangladesh
Language: Bengali
Filming Locations: Bangladesh

Monpura has made a huge hype before its release. its story is based on a rural scenario. “A heart breaking story”-said by popular actor, director Afjal hossain. Its’ very unusual and nice songs also set the background of a heart breaking story. Gias uddin salim has chosen the huge rural scenario for making his debut and long dreamed movie.

The songs are fabulous. ’sonai hai hayre’ a song written by Gias uddin salim and music collected from mymensing gitika, tells a sad story. it tells a story of death of a daughter whose funeral is attended by her father and father in law.
Another very nice song ‘Age jodi jantam’ lyrics and music by krishnokoli islam also tells a story of broken heart. it tells that story of leaving house of a girl and then her story of regret.

Another song is ‘Sonar Moina Pakhi’ lyrics and music by Osman Khan,sung by arnob- also express the desire to see the loving one at any cost. it expresses it deepest desire by saying that he wants to see his loving one at least once even if it comes before his death.

So the story of monpura is perhaps a story of relations of heart and the story of breaking it. There is a big difference in Gias Uddin Salim’s Monpura from other bangla ‘popular’Monpura has been taken from the rural scenario of Bangladesh. the huge rural panorama can be the backdrop of manybut this is, unfortunately, not the case. In Monpura, you may find the essence of real Bangladesh.

The makers of Monpura
Director: Gias uddin salim
Cinematography: Kamrul Hasan Khosru
Script and dialogue: Gias uddin salim
Music composition: Arnob
Assistant Music DIrector: Adit.
songs: Arnob, Fazlur rahman babu, Chancal Chowdhury , krishnokoli islam, Momotaz.

Actors: Chancal Chowdhury, Farhana Mili, Fazlur Rahman Babu and others