BDlot DVD Clone Ultimate

A BrotherSoft's Editor Recommended DVD Copy Software
Backup any DVD to hard drive as ISO, DVD folder or burn to a DVD disc in several minutes with GPU accelerating technology.

Create Your Own Perfect DVD Backups of Raw Content with Ease
BDlot DVD Clone Ultimate is the up-to-the-minute DVD clone software with powerful functions. Unique Sector-to-Sector copying technology and GPU accelerating technology guarantee a perfect combination of a genuine and fast DVD clone. Unparalleled unlocking technology allows it to access all known DVD copy protections. All these features help you to backup any DVD on hard drive, or copy DVD to DVD disc with perfect quality as the original one within just minutes!

Remove All Known DVD Protections
BDlot DVD Clone Ultimate shows breakthrough performance to backup homemade and commercial DVDs with CSS, CPRM, CPPM, RC, RCE, APS, UOPs, SONY ARccOS, Rip-Guard, Disney X-DRM protection etc. Besides, continuous update allows it has the ability to clone any DVDs released in the future, which will really make it easy to backup DVDs.

Clone Entire DVD to Blank DVD
Every single piece of DVD can be cloned into a perfect 1:1 copy with exactly the same high quality video and surrounding audio as the original one. There will be no quality loss at all! What's more exciting, embedded unique GPU accelerating technology will help finish an entire DVD cloning work within just minutes to save your time and energy.

Backup Full Content of DVD to Hard Drive or USB
It empowers you to backup either full DVD-9 or DVD-5 movie as ISO image or DVD folder on hard drive or USB. Besides, It also enables you to copy DVD to a MPEG2 file and to preserve the same high-quality video and surrounding audio as the original DVD at meantime. You can easily manage your DVD collections in future after backup DVD in either way above.

Backup DVD Main Movie to Save More Space
BDlot DVD Clone Ultimate enables you to extract main title or any chapters from DVD to single MPEG2 files, which will help you save storage space to backup DVD on your hard drive and watch your favorite parts directly. Every video and audio content can be extracted from DVD for your further personalized processing.

Burn to Blank DVD in an Easy and Fast Way
You will take no effort to burn DVDs by using this all-in-one DVD clone software. Simple steps will lead you to burn either ISO file or DVD folder to blank DVD or re-writable DVD, either VOB or MPEG file to DVD disc. Advanced burning technology will help you achieve this in a smooth and stable way.

Flexible Virtual DVD Drive Simplifies Your Work
BDlot DVD Clone Ultimate provides built-in virtual DVD drive that allows you to load and unload any ISO image file unlimitedly, and makes it possible for you to play them conveniently. Supporting ISO image file as system discs is another advantage over other peer products. coming soon.

System Requirements:

High Compatibility and Good Stability Light Your Everyday Life
Being able to run on all Windows operating systems gives more choices to achieve your goals successfully. On the other hand, good stability helps to overcome possible difficulties like scratches and finger prints on your discs. You will be amazed by how well it can work!

Homepage: http://www.bdlot.com/dvd-clone/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.