The Prince by Niccolò Machiavelli - Practical advice for crushing your enemies and fostering the loyalty of your underlings.

Nicolo Machiavelli knew well the vicissitude of a political career. The politics of Renaissance Italy were as complex as its art and as dangerous as the Old Masters were talented. Machiavelli enjoyed the high position of a Secretary within the Republic of Florence before crashing into disfavor with the return of Medici rule. After a brief if torturous session in prison, Machiavelli stuck to his love of scholarship and writing. A devoted student of history, he applied his knowledge and created the enduring work of political science known simply as The Prince. This work that seeks to advise a prince on how to successfully run his domain has a notorious reputation because of its stark acceptance of violence and deceit. Even the author’s name has spawned the word Machiavellian which is associated with craftiness and duplicity.
The harsh reputation attached to The Prince by Machiavelli is a touch dramatic. What The Prince offers is a compelling, reality-based look at what it takes to hold power as the ruler of a state. Through abundant historical references ranging from Greece and Rome toFrance and Spain , and the truly vicious world of Renaissance Italy that was composed of shifting principalities, republics, and Papal States , Machiavelli presents a deeply practical guide for maintaining power. The history buff will appreciate the attention to historical detail and the political scientist will thrive on the dispassionate analysis of political necessities. A reader of any background will recognize the startling relevance of The Prince as it describes the machinations of diplomacy, public opinion, and control of political rivals that any prince must master.
Controlling a populace and playing the chessboard of the world are not easy tasks, and the methods necessary for success are often not pretty. However, the artifices of princes are fascinating to consider, and Nicolo Machiavelli has assembled the ultimate guidebook for political power in his timeless classic The Prince.