Creative Close-Ups: Digital Photography Tips and Techniques 
by Harold Davis
Wiley | November 2009 | ISBN-10: 0470527129 | PDF | 240 pages | 28.8 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Creative-Close-Ups-Digital-Photography-Techniques/dp/0470527129

The essential guide for digital macro photographers everywhere
The art of macro photography-photographing small objects or super close-ups of small sections of big objects-yields fascinating results, but shooting at this level brings its own set of challenges. Now you can shoot close-ups with confidence and creative flair with this information-packed guide.
Renowned photographer Harold Davis provides pages of field-tested techniques on focus, depth-of-field, exposure-even the appropriate equipment to use for this unique niche of digital photography. The book includes stunning and intriguing examples of his work to illustrate concepts.
-    Walks you through the basics of macro photography, whether you're capturing an insect, a flower, a close-up of the texture of a pine cone, or more
-    Shows you how to overcome the challenges of this type of photography, such as using the appropriate equipment and how to handle focus, depth of field, and exposure
-    Takes you beyond the fundamentals to help you develop your own creative style
-    Informs and inspires you with the author's own stunning examples of macro photography 

Join the vast and beautiful world of small photography with this essential guide.

For many photographers, the first time focusing a macro lens on the world of the tiny is a revelation. The closer you get, the more you see.
Technically, close-up photography is demanding. But with the right information, you'll be able to unleash your creative potential in the world of close-ups.Creative Close-Ups: Digital Photography Tips & Techniques explains the equipment you need to succeed with macro photography, including macro lenses, extension tubes, and tripods.Photographic techniques are explained in simple terms. Learn to see up close, to use aperture and exposure in new ways, and to capture what you see in your imagination.
Lavishly illustrated with the author's own close-up images, each photo provides information about how to make creative close-up photos. This book provides both inspiration and technical instruction. You may never photograph the world in quite the same way again!
-    Explore the world of close-up photography
-    Learn macro photography techniques
-    Extend focus with stacked images
-    Create transparent and impressionistic images of flowers
-    Find out how to use aperture creatively in your close-ups
-    Make your own still life studio

cover  http://img43.imageshack.us/img43/1396/creativecloseups.jpg