African Experience: From "Lucy" to Mandela

36 lectures, 30 minutes/lecture

Audio Lectures 

Taught by Kenneth P. Vickery
North Carolina State University
Ph.D., Yale University


The story of Africa is the oldest and most event-filled chronicle of human activity on the planet. These 36 half-hour lectures cover this great historical drama, tracing the story of the sub-Saharan region of the continent from the earliest evidence of human habitation to the latest challenges facing African nations in the 21 st century.
For many, Africa is a confusing fog of names, words, and places: Mandela, Biko, Mobutu, Lumumba, Lucy, Selassie, Rhodes, Livingstone, Swahili, Bantu, Boer, Zulu, Mau Mau, Tutsi/Hutu, Lesotho, and Timbuktu, to name just a few.

These lectures are designed to lift the fog and sharpen your understanding of these terms, revealing Africa in all its complexity, grandeur, tragedy, and resilience. As the chronological narrative of this course unfolds, Africa's people, places, languages, and customs will come vividly to life, and you will be able to follow events in present-day Africa in their deep historical context.



Course Lecture Titles
36 Lectures 
30 minutes / lecture
1.	Finding the "Lost Continent"
2.	Africa's Many Natural Environments
3.	Lecture 3: A Virtual Tour of the Great Land
4.	Lecture 4-The Cradle of Humankind
5.	Crops, Cattle, Iron—Taming a Continent
6.	Kinship and Community—Societies Take Shape
7.	Like Nothing Else—The Ancient Nile Valley
8.	Soul and Spirit—Religion in Africa
9.	Ethiopia—Outpost of Christianity
15.	South Africa—The Dutch Cape Colony
16.	South Africa—The Zulu Kingdom
17.	South Africa—The Frontier and Unification
18.	South Africa—Diamonds and Gold
19.	Prelude to the "Scramble for Africa"
20.	European Conquest and African Resistance
21.	Colonial Africa—New Realities
22.	Colonial Africa—Comparisons and Change
23.	The Lion Awakens—The Rise of Nationalism
24.	The Peaceful Paths to Independence
25.	The Congo—Promise and Pain
26.	Segregation to Apartheid in South Africa
27.	The Armed Struggles for Independence
28.	The First Taste of Freedom
29.	The Taste Turns Sour
30.	The World Turns Down—The "Permanent Crisis"
31.	A New Dawn? The Democratic Revival
32.	The South African Miracle
33.	The Unthinkable—The Rwanda Genocide
34.	The New Plague—HIV/AIDS in Africa
35.	Zimbabwe—Background to Contemporary Crisis
36.	Africa Found


Should I Buy the Video?

The African Experience works well in either audio or video, but the video version is richly illustrated with nearly 500 photos and illustrations of archaeological sites, artifacts, historical figures, key historical events, as well as the beautiful physical landscape of Africa. It also has hundreds of helpful maps.

 
http://www.thegreatcourses.com/tgc/courses/course_detail.aspx?cid=8678


