                        PART  436



            I SANTO CALIFORNIA  -  Tornero  (1974)
            RALPH  McTELL  -  Streets Of London  (1975)
            LEO SAYER  -  More Than I Can Say  (1980)




         "Torneró" (I will return) is the debut single by the Italian group I Santo California, released in 1974. It's a song written by Ignazio Polizzi, Claudio Natili and Marcello Ramoino . It became a number 1 hit in Italy as well as a Top 5 hit across the Europe.
         "Streets of London" is a song written by Ralph McTell. It was first recorded for McTell's 1969 album "Spiral Staircase" but was not released in the United Kingdom as a single until 1974. It was his greatest commercial success, reaching number two in the UK singles chart, at one point selling 90,000 copies a day  and winning him the Ivor Novello Award and a Silver disc for record sales.The song was inspired by McTell's experiences busking and hitchhiking throughout Europe, especially in Paris and the individual stories are taken from Parisians - McTell was originally going to the call the song Streets of Paris; eventually London was chosen because he realised he was singing about London. The song contrasts the common problems of everyday people with those of the homeless, lonely, elderly, ignored and forgotten members of society.Over two hundred artists have made covers of this song including Cliff Richard, Blackmore's Night, Mary Hopkin, Raffi, Sam Hui, Sinéad O'Connor, Schooner Fare, Anti-Nowhere League, Roger Whittaker, Cleo Laine and Liam Clancy.
         "More Than I Can Say" is a song written by Sonny Curtis and Jerry Allison, both former members of Buddy Holly's band The Crickets. They recorded it in 1959 soon after Holly's death and released it in 1960. Their original version hit #42 on British Record Retailer Chart on 5/12/60. It has been notably performed by singer Leo Sayer.His cover version of "More Than I Can Say" spent five weeks at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in December 1980 and January 1981, kept from the top spot by Lady by Kenny Rogers and (Just Like) Starting Over by John Lennon. Sayer's version of the song was certified a Gold Record by the RIAA. It also spent three weeks at #1 on the Billboard adult contemporary chart. In the U.K., the song peaked at #2 on the UK Singles Chart, while it spent two weeks atop the Kent Music Report in Australia. 