Efficient Diary Pro 3.10 Build 324 Multilingual + Patch
 
http://www.efficientdiary.com/

Requirements: Windows 7/Vista/XP/2003/2000 (32-bit or 64-bit)
Languages: English, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Farsi, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Korean, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian

INSTALL NOTES

Step 1: Please use 7Zip to EXTRACT FILES.
Step 2: run the setup
Step 3: Apply Patch


Efficient Diary is an elegant, easy-to-use and powerful electronic diary software program. The product has a strong edit function similar to that of Microsoft-Word. A happy life can't be without Efficient Diary!

With its unique and powerful flash full-text search technique, you can simply enter a word in the diary to quickly find the corresponding entries! The product has a strong edit function similar to that of Microsoft Word. You can insert various items such as tables, pictures, emotions, URLs or even attachments. You can set the background color, background picture of each diary entry separately so your diary can be rich and colorful.

The login password is encrypted by the irreversible algorithm of SHA; besides, the content of the file itself is encrypted so that your private information is fully protected.

Except for managing journal entries by date, you can also manage it by hierarchical grouping. There is a Recycle Bin in this journal software so you do not need to worry that you may delete a journal entry by mistake. It also provides various unique features such as you can specify a weather icon and an emotion icon for each journal entry, can specify importance for journal entries, and can copy and paste journal entries, etc.

Time marches on, while with Efficient Diary, we can record our perceptions and experiences along the way. Spend some time with Efficient Diary each day - looking into today's feelings, recalling the memories of the past, and expecting the happiness in the future. A happy life can't be without Efficient Diary!

