Official Web Site:  http://fivedetails.com/flow/
App Store Web Site:  http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flow/id469770826?mt=12

Flow is the most beautiful, elegant, and fast FTP+SFTP client on the planet. And with the deepest URL integration, the most seamless droplets, and the fastest file transfer implementations anywhere, that's not just hype.

Copy and View URLs

Copy the URL to your remote files (or open all the selected files' URLs in your browser) in a single click. Automatically copy URLs to the clipboard after uploading. Flow pioneered such URL-awareness, so no other client comes close to Flow's deep URL integration.

QuickLook

Designed and engineered exclusively for Mac OS X, Flow integrates QuickLook just like the Finder. Whether it be an image, source file, PDF, or Keynote presentation ΓÇö anything ΓÇö a tap on the spacebar is all it takes to preview your files without opening them.

Editing

Flow is the backbone for tens of thousands of web designer/developer's daily work. Flow can edit files directly on your server in your favorite text editor, like TextMate, or with the built-in editor (complete with tabs, syntax coloring, WebKit-simulating previews, and code completions). Just hit "save" in your editor, and the updated file is instantly sent to the server.

Droplets

A droplet is a mini-application that lets you upload files insanely fast ΓÇö in literally zero clicks. Drop a file on a droplet, and boom. The file is uploaded without even opening Flow. A window showing the progress of the upload appears. When the upload is finished, the window disappears. The URL to the uploaded file can even be copied to your clipboard. Droplets in Flow are unmatched by any other file transfer client in the world.

Design

You might have noticed that Flow doesn't look like other file transfer clients. When you start to use it, you'll also notice it doesn't feel like other file transfer clients, either. This is no accident. Flow was designed for simplicity. But like Mac OS X itself, its simplicity belies the power hidden within. The result is an intuitive, elegant, and ultimately phenomenal experience for your remote files. We're not the only ones who think so, either: Flow took home runner-up for the prestigious Apple Design Awards in 2008.

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6.6 or greater

---- PLEASE SEED ----

