While dining at Monk's Cafe, Elaine tells Jerry and George that she is suffering from an allergic reaction to her boyfriend Robert's cats. Jerry contemplates asking his girlfriend Vanessa (Lynn Clark) to go away on a holiday together. George reads the business section of the newspaper, where he learns that a stock that a friend of a friend of his -- Simon's friend Wilkinson -- had tipped him off to had gone up. George decides to invest $5000 in the stock and persuades Jerry to invest $2,500.

Jerry is in a grocery store with Vanessa, after they visited the cinema. He manages to persuade Vanessa to go away with him to a bed-and-breakfast in Vermont. Meanwhile, he reads the newspaper in hope that his stock has gone up, but it has in fact fallen in value. The next day, Kramer (Michael Richards) tells Jerry that his stock has fallen again. Jerry calls George so that he get advice from Wilkinson, the man who gave the stock tip in the first place, but no one can find him. George rings him back and tells Jerry that Wilkinson is in the hospital. While visiting the dry cleaner, Jerry tells George that he wants to sell his stock, but George insists that the tip is good and they should keep the stock. Eventually, George says he will go and visit Wilkinson to find out what they should do, despite the fact that George does not know him personally.

At Jerry's apartment, Elaine says that the only way that she can get rid of Robert' cats is if they should have some form of "accident" and offers Jerry the job, but he refuses. Kramer tells Jerry that his stock has fallen yet again. George then returns from visiting Wilkinson, but he has no information because he was thrown out of the hospital when Wilkinson saw him. Jerry decides to sell his shares, while George decides to "go down with the ship". Jerry takes Vanessa to Vermont, but rainy weather keeps them stuck inside the bed-and-breakfast. He regrets going with her because boredom causes them to argue. Jerry reads the business section of the newspaper to see what happened to the stock since he sold it. The stock has risen dramatically. Vanessa then claims that Jerry only took her to Vermont because he lost so much money. Back in New York, George is celebrating the rising price of his stock, which has increased by $8,000. Elaine says that she gave Robert an ultimatum, and he chose the cats. George then tells Jerry and Elaine that Wilkinson has another stock tip involving some sort of "robot butcher."