POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 123 - Philip Sizemore - For Every Truth


POtHS Comment: His BLOOD is the only thing that Redeems us.

Description:

A New Name   For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
Do you want to do great things for God? If so, you might have do some housecleaning of your heart, like God did with Gideon before He used him to defeat the Midianites. Since Gideon obeyed, God gave him a new name that testified to the stand he took for God. (41 minutes)

The Man that God called God / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
It is blasphemous for an individual to claim that he or she is God, but God Himself called Moses a god in the Old Testament, because God spoke His Word through Moses to Pharaoh. Discover other examples of "gods" in the Bible and how we are also gods in one sense. (39 minutes)

Little Leaven / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
Jesus told His disciples in Matthew 16 to be aware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees. He wasn't talking about bread, but a doctrine of hypocrisy that characterized the high religious leaders and scribes of Jesus' day. This doctrine still exists today and threatens to turn us into lukewarm Christians unless we take Jesus' warning to heart. (46 minutes)

For Every Truth / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
For every truth that God promotes, the devil promotes a counterfeit in order to deceive people into worshipping him instead of the true God. Are you following the counterfeit or the truth? (52 minutes)

David and Goliath / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
David was just a youth when he made a stand for God and fought Goliath. He overcame the impossible because God was working through him. Revisit the popular story of David and Goliath and be inspired how one individualΓÇömerely a shepherd boyΓÇöforever changed the lives of a nation. (60 minutes)

Holy Flesh / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
Jesus is the holy flesh that cleanses us from sin. No sin is too great for HimΓÇöwe can be confident that Jesus will cleanse us from all unrighteousness because He promises to do so in 1 John 1:9 and He is faithful to His character. (56 minutes)

I Told You Before / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
God gives us many signs of the end times in His Word. Still, many people do not heed these signs and will find themselves unprepared when the last days arrive. Join Pastor Philip Sizemore as he reviews the signs of the end times that are meant to encourage rather than frighten the believer who is prepared. (66 minutes)

Prophetic Proof / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
We know true prophets existed in the Bible -- all of whom were rejected in their day. Such was the case for Noah, Moses, Jeremiah, Daniel, and John the Baptist. Did God raise up another prophet in our day, and if so, who is this person, and what is the message? (73 minutes)

The Door Was Shut / For Every Truth - Philip Sizemore:
The parable of the ten virgins in Matthew 25 gives us a picture of what will happen just prior to Christ's Second Coming -- some people will try to get into heaven, but the door of probation will shut because they did not obey the truth they professed to believe. Join Pastor Philip Sizemore as he analyzes the symbolism of this parable and its urgent message to all people today. (38 minutes)

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.



Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
