Printopia 2.1.6 Cracked

Use this App to print with your iPhone/iPod Touch/iPad via your Mac, with this App your can print without any compatible AirPrint printers.

For more informations, visit : http://www.ecamm.com/mac/printopia/

Description : Printing from your iPhone or iPad is easier than you've ever imagined. Run Printopia on your Mac to share its printers to your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch. Add unlimited virtual printers to save print-outs to your Mac as PDF files. Try the demo now, or read on to find out more. 

The Features You'll Love:
	
Wireless Printing To Your Mac's Printers
Whether you have an inkjet printer plugged into your Mac, a laser printer plugged into your router or even a network printer, if your Mac can print to it, Printopia will share it. Is your printer plugged into your AirPort or Time Capsule? No problem. Printopia translates for your printer, allowing it to speak to your iPhone or iPad even if it's not an AirPrint-compatible printer. Printopia even supports many password-protected printers.

	
Easy, Instant Set-up
Ecamm puts ease of use first. Double-click to install Printopia, and within seconds see most any connected printers on your iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch. You'll also see Printopia's "Send To Mac" and "Send To Dropbox on Mac" virtual printers. That's it!

	
Power When You Need It
Behind Printopia's simple interface lies a ton of advanced features to customize your mobile printing experience. Configure printer settings, such as paper size, print quality and color options. Set up virtual printers to save files anywhere, or send files directly to a Mac app. 

	
Serious Security For Privacy and Peace of Mind
With the addition of password protection for your printers, Printopia is a great solution for a shared environment such as an office of classroom. Industry standard encryption protects your print jobs between your iOS device and your Mac.

	
Save Paper With A Printopia Virtual Printer
Add unlimited "Send To Mac" virtual printers to your network. This lets you "print" a file directly to your Mac or even send files directly to a Mac app such as iPhoto and Evernote. No need to waste paper next time you need to print a confirmation page. Keep your files organized by configuring multiple virtual printers with different save destinations.

	
Print To Your Mac's Dropbox Folderusers can print PDF and JPG files directly to the Mac's Dropbox folder. Dropbox will take care of syncing your printouts for access anywhere you go. 

	
Works With Leopard and PowerPC Macs
Leopard (Mac OS X 10.5) and PowerPC Mac users won't get left out in the cold. Printopia is happy to serve you.

	
No Need To Modify Your Operating System
Beware of printing solutions that re-configure your Mac's printing system. Printopia runs independently from printer sharing, and does not modify your Mac or iOS operating system in any way. 