Release Title: Max.And.Paddy's.Box.Set.DVDRip.H264(BINGOWINGZ-UKB-RG)
DVD Release Date: 2005
Genre: TV Series/Comedy
RunTime: Loads Of Minutes

The Max & Paddy's Box Set includes the Complete Series of
Peter Kay and Patrick McGuinness' multi-award winning
comedy "Road to Nowhere", plus their hilarious full fitness
programme, "The Power of Two" & "Phoenix Nights".

Phoenix Nights
Series 1
Created by and starring Bolton-born comic Peter Kay, Phoenix Nights
is one of those rare gems that few saw on first showing but that
everyone was soon talking about. The first series introduces
wheelchair-bound Brian Potter (Kay), who runs the titular Phoenix,
a shabby social club populated by an assortment of wonderfully
observed characters. It's grim up North and despite the best efforts
of the staff to inject life into the proceedings--be it an
alternative comedy night, a version of Robot Wars in Potter's beloved
Pennine Suite or a Wild West extravaganza--each evening's entertainment
always ends badly. Undaunted, the Phoenix denizens continue to strive
for their dream: a world in which "clubland never dies".

Series 2
The beginning of the second series sees Brian Potter's beloved
Phoenix Club lying in ashes and the staff scattered to the four
winds. Even club compere Jerry St Clair is reduced to singing
"Come get your black bin bags" to the tune of Men in Black in
the local supermarket. But not even being barred from having a
licence for the rest of his natural life can deter the northern
Svengali from reopening the club and making it bigger and better
than before--even if that means making Jerry the licensee and
offering up-market Chinese nosh.


Road to Nowhere
Max & Paddy's "Road to Nowhere" is the much-loved sequel
to Peter Kay's critically-acclaimed comedy series,
"Phoenix Nights". Written by and starring Peter Kay and
Patrick McGuinness, this six-part comedy/drama series is
the story of clueless Phoenix Club bouncers Max (Kay)
and Paddy (McGuinness), as they escape clubland in their
prized motor-home and take to the open highway.


The Power of Two
Max & Paddy decide to venture into the lucrative world
of the fitness videos. Their full fitness programme--which
truly is an extraordinary workout for ordinary people--even
includes a special guest appearance from the "Phoenix Nights"
character Brian Potter. With Max's strict army training and
Paddy's intricate knowledge of (and limited experience with)
sex-ercise, "The Power of Two" will leave viewers aching...
both from the exercise and the laughter! What else could
anyone possibly need to get into shape?


Peter Kay ... Max Bygraves
Paddy McGuinness ... Paddy O'Shea

ORiGiNAL Source: DVDR
Video: MP4/720*400/25fps
Audio: AAC/2ch/128Kbps
Size Of File: 6.69GB
Sample Included: Yes