PreSonus Studio One Professional v2.5 WIN X86 x64 - AiR


We are pleased to announce the release of Studio One 2.5, a major update to
Studio One 2. This free (to Studio One 2 users) update adds nearly 100
enhancements and features, as well as many bug fixes. All versions of Studio One
2 have been updated, including Studio One Artist, Producer, Professional, and
Free.


Studio One is a new music creation and production application for Mac OS X
and Windows XP/Seven that makes audio recording, MIDI sequencing, and audio
mastering simple right out of the box, yet provides a wealth of
professional features.

Fresh code, innovative drag-and-drop MIDI mapping and plug-in management,
auto-configuration with PreSonus hardware, good audio quality, unlimited
tracks and plug-ins per track and a powerful, inventive, Start page that
puts the whole project right in your hands are just a few of the compelling
features that make Studio One the next generation in audio software,
according to PreSonus.

Studio One gives you a complete, easy-to-use solution from raw tracks to
finished master, while supporting the latest standards and technologies.


Features:

Elegant single-window work environment.

Powerful drag-and-drop functionality.

Unlimited audio tracks, MIDI tracks, virtual instruments, buses and FX
channels.

Content browser with convenient sort options and preview player.

Integrated mastering solution with automatic mix updating, waveform
editing, effects, Red Book CD burning, and digital release.

Automatic delay compensation.

Advanced automation.

64-bit processing (even on 32-bit machines).

Easy-to-use sidechain routing.

64-bit effects suite.

Virtual instruments collection.

User-friendly sampler.

Intuitive MIDI-mapping system.

Real-time audio timestretching and resampling.

AU, VST2, VST3, and ReWire support.

K System metering.

Compatible with any ASIO-, Windows Audio-,or Core Audio-compliant audio
interface.


Studio One 2.5.0 Release Notes
 
http://studioone.presonus.com/studio-one-2-5/


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

WINDOWS® XP, VISTA®, 7, 8 (32- OR 64-BIT)


Hardware Minimum

Intel Core Duo or AMD Athlon® X2 processor
2 GB RAM

Hardware Recommended

Intel Core 2 Quad or AMD Athlon X4 or better
4 GB RAM

OTHER REQUIREMENTS

DVD-ROM drive
A monitor resolution no lower than 1280 x 768 pixels
20 GB hard-drive space



Installation:
-------------

Unpack and Install

Launch Studio One, select "full Version",

choose "Offline Activation" and copy the activation code

Open keygen and paste activation code into (Machine Id) field

and generate a 'Studio One 2 Professional.license' key

The License file will be created alongside keygen

Drag this file onto Studio One activation window.




Notes:
------

As extra we've included the current Studio One Extensions available for registered users only

The Keygen will only work with the binaries provided with this release

We've protected the Keygen with VMProtect, if your Antivirus flags on runnnig the keygen don't worry ... It's safe !!!


• That's it! Done.

• Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


3Nj0Y!!!
