THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!

Dirt 3 Complete Edition XBOX360-SPARE

Race through the snow, rain and dirt and experience dramatic night races as DiRT 3 is extended with 
12 new routes at two new locations plus 13 extra cars and liveries. Experience freestyle Gymkhana, 
Rally, Rallycross and more in solo, online and split screen modes as you compete on a global tour 
from Finland to Monaco and Tokyo. Powered by the award winning EGO Engine for stunning weather, 
incredible damage and jaw dropping graphics, DiRT 3 Complete Edition is the essential version 
of the ultimate off road racer.

Features:

The Monte Carlo Rally Pack: eight breathtaking Rally stages featuring dramatic climbs, descents and 
hairpins of snowy mountain roads. Race through the Alps and conquer the legendary Col de Turini pass.

The X Games Asia Track Pack: four new routes set across two new tracks in Shibuya, the neon heart of 
central Tokyo, where spectacular mud-spattered Rallycross circuits weave beneath towering skyscrapers.

The Power and Glory Car Pack: stars five cars including the BMW M3 Rally, Lancia Delta S4, Ford Focus 
ST Rallycross, Scion tC and Chevrolet Camaro SSX Concept, each with a range of liveries.

The Mud and Guts Car Pack: features five cars available for single-player, split-screen and online 
multiplayer events. Race the Lancia Stratos, Peugeot 205 T16 Evo 2, Citroën C4 Rallycross, Saturn Sky 
and Ford Mustang GT, each with a range of liveries.

The Colin McRae Vision Charity Pack: access the Ford Escort Mk II, a 70s rally classic with five liveries.

The Ken Block Special Pack: features a customised and upgraded Ford Escort Mk II, an Open Class Rally 
car sporting a killer Ken Block livery.

The Mini Gymkhana Special Pack: access the midbvengined Mini Cooper S Gymkhana, customised and tuned to 
become an outrageously responsive Gymkhana car.

Platform: XBOX360
Format: XGD3 
Region: Region Free
Size: 1DVD
Language: English
Genre: Sports, Racing

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/1aya.jpg 
http://www.katpic.x10.mx/images/2bqb.jpg