Full 320kbps Version @ http://www.techconnet.com/promos/the-mansisters-izone-my-favorite-robot-records/

The Mansisters is the new moniker of Scandinavian duo Kasper Bjørke and Jon Atli / Sexy Lazer, a pair who have both had previous successes as producers recording for the likes of Steve Bug’s HFN label, Compost Black and Plant. Now, so the story goes, they have joined forces and set up camp together in a huge Copenhagen mansion where they live with a host of plastic & porcelain animals, apparently not having time for real pets due to their dancefloor commitments! For recreation they work out in their own basement gym, which they have titled The Ryan Gosling Gym Club (RGGC), here they spend 4 tough sessions a week trying to look a little more like Ryan Gosling in the movie Crazy Stupid Love and a little less like fat 30 something DJs!

The sisters have already been playing together as DJs all over Copenhagen & beyond, including the Distortion Festival, Roskilde Festival, Airwaves Festival in Reykjavik and Gewolbe in Cologne and decided that they needed some new climatic secret weapons for their set. So they locked themselves into their brand new hi-tech in-house studio and set about recording their debut release, the ‘E.P. Phone (EP)’.

The release kicks off with ‘Izone’ a record reportedly inspired by the sounds of Boyzone but sounding more like a twisted journey into the underbelly of dark electro disco with it’s pitch shifted vocals, machine gun fills and eerie riffs, quality stuff. Next up we have ‘Lille Du’, described by The Mansisters as ‘Icelandic rap meets space techno from Texas’ the record revolves around an arpeggiated baseline, electro fueled drums and soaring synth lines. ‘Free at last’ steps up next with the Mansisters layering the charged political speech of a young African girl over their own spiky and intense future techno. The final cut on the vinyl is the electro-tastic workout ‘Theme of Haris Pilton’ (apparently the name of the porcelain dalmation featured on the record sleeve), here the duo fuse brooding melodies with shuffling rhythms to create a final opus for the 12”. The digital package also comes with an instrumental version of ‘Izone’ for those of you who prefer things a little less vocal.

My Favorite Robot Records have done it again with an act that are sure to be making waves for years to come, enjoy! 