If you like it, buy it.

From website
Growing Kids God's Way on DVD w/Workbooks


GROWING KIDS GOD'S WAY (Along the Virtuous Way) 5.0 series is a comprehensive values-based parenting curriculum. In the title the authors, Gary and Anne Marie Ezzo, place their emphasis on God's Way meaning the way of the Lord. We serve an ethical God. Moral rightness flows from His being. His moral law is a reflection of His holy character (Psalm 19:7). More than that, He has shown man what is good and what is required of him (Micah 6:8). Growing Kids God's Way can help any parent reach the heart of children with virtues and values that flow from the character of God and do it without stressing the child or the parents.

Utilized by more than 9,000 churches and schools worldwide and serving over 1.7 million households, there is a reason why this core curriculum is so popular: it's practical and the applications work. The curriculum is designed for small group studies or can be utilized by individuals in the privacy of their own home.

Topics include:

How to help children internalize virtues and values and how to help them practically live out the character of God in their life.
What parents do to foster insecure children and how they can fix the problems that might now exist.
How to say "I love you" to your children and spouse in such a way that each member actually feels the full sensation of parental love.
How fathers build or undermine their children's sense of trust and confidence in parental leadership and how to build family loyalty and identity.
What is true character and how do you teach your children to love and prefer each other?
You will learn how not to raise a moral robot" but a child with moral sensibility.
Learn what true biblical discipline is and what are the principles of first time obedience.
How to train right behavior into children so you will not have to spend unnecessary time correcting wrong behavior.
How to successfully handle sibling conflict, temper tantrums, and the three sister sins: lying, cheating and stealing.
How to instill that wonderful life-virtue of personal self-control and a sense of personal responsibility.

There are numerous examples, charts and teaching tools that assist the learning process along with a number of insightful appendices, each of which has helped internationally popularize the curriculum.

Growing Kids God's Way on DVD comes with the Introduction through Session 17 teaching lessons (18-week total), along with 2 student workbooks and leaders guide. For the blended families there are additional supplemental resources available to help their unique needs.