
Bob Sheets - Does Hospitality vol.1 DVDRip Xvid
 
http://www.mjmmagic.com/store/bob-sheets-does-hospitality-dvd-set-p-6517.html

Bob Sheets has been a top professional magician for decades. He's refined and simplified his working repertoire over the years to the point where each routine has been honed to perfection.

Bob Does Hospitality is a series of three DVD's that covers Bob's current close-up repertoire of nine routines. These routines are the ones Bob does EVERY DAY. These are the one's that get THE MONEY.

Each DVD contains one "ACT". Each ACT is built on three dynamite routines that will play well in any close-up situation from strolling during cocktails to table-hopping to formal close-up.

With all three ACTS in his pockets, Bob can go from group to group without repeating a routine until he gets to the fourth group yet each group gets to see a complete show.

This strategy is without a doubt the smartest way to work many events. You have enough material to do a really great job but your pockets aren't filled to the brim and you don't have to carry a case to the show. Each routine is independent so you can mix and match the routines to the audience in front of you on the fly. You can do one, two or three routines as you see fit.

The routines covered in Bob Does Hospitality are totally practical. Bob is known worldwide for being a hilarious comedy magician. Bob Does Hospitality gives you all of the patter that makes these routines "play" in the real world.

The methods for the routines are in a word easy. Bob has done most of the work for you. If the best method is a gaff, Bob uses a gaff. If the best method is a series of outs Bob shows you what to say and how to say it. Bob uses easy methods so you can concentrate on your performance! But even though the methods are easy the routines are FOOLERS!

Bob shows you how to easily build all of the card gaffs in just minutes. Three routines use props you probably already own…The Bunnies, Triple Transpo (also know as Copper, Silver, Brass) and The Three Ball Trick.

The explanations of the routines are in-depth and cover every aspect of the work. The DVD's were shot and produced in the HD studio at Bob Kohler Magic.

Volume 1

    Bunnies: This is probably the best reaction trick in magic. It’s a classic but Bob’s non-stop lines have the audience in stitches from start to finish. Bob teaches two handlings that are dead easy. In fact one handling uses no sleight of hand at all! You can do 5000 tricks but all they want to see are THE BUNNIES!
    Intuition: This card routine is Sheets at his best. It’s starts off zany and crazy but the routine takes a left turn and becomes a real fooler as the members of the audience read each others minds and have no idea how they did it!
    Marked: This stunning packet trick Bob’s handling of a classic John Cornelius’ trick we’ve included with John’s kind permission. It’s got it all. It’s incredibly visual, angle-proof, packs flat, plays big and resets instantly. The shocking ending guarantees that your audience’s eyeballs will pop out. They’ll be running out of the casinos after seeing this one! 

Running Time Approximately 47min 

----------------------------------------------
You can download the full DVDs and the rest 
of the series on Usenet at alt.binaries.magic 
(see the included pdf in this download).
----------------------------------------------

Enjoy!
