Football Manager 2013(RUS/ENG)[Repack]R.G. Catalyst

 
Released: 2012
Genre: Strategy (Manage / Busin. / Turn-based) / Sport (Soccer)
Developer: Sports Interactive
Publisher: SEGA
Published in Russia: SEGA
Game Version: 13.1.1
Language: English, Russian
Sound language: English
Publication Type: Repack
Tablet: SKIDROW 
 


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Operating system: Windows ┬« XP SP3 / Windows ┬« Vista SP2 / Windows ┬« 7 SP1
Processor: Intel Pentium 4 processor with a clock frequency of 2.2 GHz
Memory: 1 GB
Video: 128 MB VRAM
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Free space on hard drive: 3 GB
 


Football Manager 2013 - a breakthrough in the history of the cult sports-economic series. From year to year, for the past 20 years, millions of people around the world have built their football empire perekraivaya history of the sport in its own way. In Football Manager 2013 will change forever: new game modes, new opportunities, new perspectives and a variety of improvements over 900 gameplay certainly will appeal to devoted fans of the series and newcomers will or effort to understand the intricacies and nuances of managing a football club. 

 


GAME FEATURES:


Time - gold.
 "In a series of Football Manager 2013 new mode of transmission career - classical. It the future stars of football Olympian can spend much less time to achieve success through general simplification of the gameplay, and the holding of a full season in just 8-10 hours. However, this did not detract from the depth, versatility and scope that traditionally characterized the series Football Manager.
 "Test Mode.
 "One of the most important qualities of a successful manager - the ability to quickly make the right decisions in a variety of situations. In Football Manager 2013, players can hone their skills in a separate test mode, where for a limited time period will have to pay at 100%.
 "Miracles on the grass.
 ┬╗Football Manager 2013 - is not only functional and visual improvements. Three-dimensional football games will never look as good, and the updated AI behavior makes players even closer to reality.
 "Soldiers of the invisible front.
 "The football team that suits on the true sports miracles - just the tip of the iceberg. Without coaches, managers, doctors, analysts can not achieve victory. In Football Manager 2013 internal structure of the football club has been revised, and the duties and responsibilities of individual employees - revised.
 "Integration with the service Steam.
 "Adaptation and deep interaction with the service Steam has led to two key changes in Football Manager 2013. First, a completely redesigned network functionality allows you to easily play with peers from around the world. Second, in the Football Manager 2013 came the world rankings table, on which everyone will be able to assess their progress in comparison to other players.
 "The new interface.
 "Almost all of the game modes Football Manager 2013 have been processing. Updated interface, new design, improved navigation, optimized search engine - control the football club has never been so comfortable.
 "And more.
 "Total Football Manager 2013 over 900 different innovations and improvements. All this makes the new edition of the famous sports-economic simulator real find for every fan of football.[/font][/size] 


Repack Features:

Do not recoded / no cut
The language chosen game in the game settings
Installation time ~ 10 min. 

