MKV is the new popular video formatΓÇöMatroska video. Tipard MKV Video Converter can help you to convert MKV files to the formats fitting for your portable players. This best MKV Video Converter can easily convert MKV, MPEG files, HD MPEG, WMV, ASF, AVI to AVI, MPG, MP4, 3GP, HD videos, etc. And extract audio from MKV and other videos to AAC, AC3, AIFF,AMR, AU, MP3, M4A, MP2, OGG, WMA, WAV etc for your iPod, iPhone, Zune, PSP, PS3, Xbox and other MP4 Player.

The strong editing functions accompanied with Tipard MKV Video Converter can further perfect your converted files. Split your MKV files into several segments with the exact time length. Merge the separated MKV files into a single one. Crop the playing region to get the perfect playing effect, even add watermark, select audio track and subtitle, set video effect(including the Deinterlacing function). The MKV Converter also let you set encoding parameters including resolution, encoder, frame rate, bitrate to get the best video quality. Tipard MKV Video Converter has a user-friendly interface and very easy to use. To convert MKV files to AVI, MP4, HD WMV, 3GP, etc. is a few clicks of your mouse.

Key Functions:
1. Support convert MKV to popular videos and HD videos
Tipard MKV Video Converter gives you a hand to get what you want video/audio formats, including HD WMV, HD AVI from MKV video formats and other popular, even from the High Definination videos easily.
2. Set video effect
Tipard MKV Video Converter allows you to set the video Brightness, Contrast, Saturation.
3. Set Deinterlacing
Tipard MKV Video Converter helps you to convert interlaced video to the progressive video, this function can optimize the video effect.
4. Trim your video length
Clip any segment of your video exactly.
5. Crop the play region
Adjust the playing region of the video to fit for your player and your favor.
6. W?termark video
Tipard MKV Video Converter adds the function to watermark your video in text or picture. You also can edit the watermark text, like the font-family, font-style, color., etc.
7. Select audio track and subtitle
Gives you the ability to select you need audio track or subtitle for your output video.
8. Merge into one file
Provide to join your separated video files into one file.
9. Customize output settings
Set the Video Encoder, Resolution, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate. You can also directly input your own resolution as the form of ΓÇ£XXX*XXXΓÇ¥; Set the Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bitrate. You also can save all the output settings as your preference, which is saved in the user-defined column automatically.

Install:

- run application
- apply patch

Please continue to seed for as long as possible. Thanks...