


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth




POtHS - Bible Study - 95 - Bible Poetry From the Edge


POtHS Comment: Excellent

Description:

Poetry From the Edge Audio Book by Fisher of Men:
Message from original uploader and video maker --

It all began at the cliff's edge...
Behind me, there was a wall of shame and a lifetime of pain. Before me, no ground remained. I could not go forward and yet there was no turning back. Below me there is water, but how deep is it? Would jumping result in injury or worse? More unbearable still was the thought of returning to those places I had been. Turning back meant a lifetime of emptiness and pain. Even death seemed more palatable than that! God called me to get real with Him, with myself and with other and yet I had worn a mask for so long that the fear of revealing the truth was mortifying. The idea of being fully exposed seemed like the beginning of the end. Yet He had spoken and I knew the only answer was, "yes!" Yes, I would risk finding out that in fact I was unlovable. Yes, I would face my fear of rejection.

So despite all the reasons I had to live in fear, I chose His way. With closed eyes and a racing heart, I jumped! My Father was faithful. He caught me in His arms of love and I learned that He never wished me harm but only wanted to expose the lies. So with a heart filled with gratitude for the Father's love, I bring to you Poetry From the Edge, a collection of poetry written in the Facebook group, Behind the Curtain. May you too find God's heart amidst these humble words. Love, mitch




This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

 
      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
