Journal Citation Reports 2011

Journal Citation Reports┬« offers a systematic, objective means to critically evaluate the world's leading journals, with quantifiable, statistical information based on citation data. By compiling articles' cited references, JCR Web helps to measure research influence and impact at the journal and category levels, and shows the relationship between citing and cited journals. Available in Science and Social Sciences editions.


    "JCR is still the only usable tool to rank thousands of scholarly and professional journals within their discipline or subdiscipline. For educated decisions about selecting and deselecting journals in college libraries, and gauging the prestige and influence of journals, it is a very good tool."
    -- Peter Jacso, Peter's Digital Reference Shelf 

With Journal Citation Reports, you can:

    Librarians can support, evaluate and document the value of their library research investments.
    Publishers can determine journalsΓÇÖ influence in the marketplace, to review editorial policies and strategic direction, monitor competitors, and identify new opportunities.
    Authors and editors can identify the most appropriate, influential journals in which to publish.
    Researchers can discover where to find the current reading list in their respective fields.
    Information analysts and bibliometricians can track bibliometric and citation trends and patterns.

Why choose Journal Citation Reports?

    Sort journal data by clearly defined fields: Impact Factor, Immediacy Index, Total Cites, Total Articles, Cited Half-Life, or Journal Title.
    Sort subject category data by clearly defined fields: Total Cites, Median Impact Factor, Aggregate Impact Factor, Aggregate Immediacy Index, Aggregated Cited Half-Life, Number of Journals in Category, Number of Articles in Category.
    View a journal's impact with a five-year Impact Factor trend graph.
    Understand a journal's citation influence and prestige with Eigenfactor┬« Metrics ΓÇö five-year metrics that consider scholarly literature as a network of journal-to-journal relationships.
    Visualize impact factor by journal category with impact factor boxplots.
    Rank journals in multiple categories.
    See how journal self-citations affect impact factor.
    Full integration with Web of Knowledge lets you link from Web of Science to JCR Web; from JCR journal records to ulrichsweb.com and recent Current Contents Connect tables of contents; and to and from your library's OPAC.

Source: http://thomsonreuters.com/products_services/science/science_products/a-z/journal_citation_reports/