Shorty Long - Here Comes...Shorty Long. The Complete Motown Masters [2012]

mp3 v0

ΓêÆ Original Release / Kent Records UK / CDTOP 369 / CD

Frederick 'Shorty' Long has always had a special place in the affections of all serious Motown collectors, although he recorded less than three dozen tracks in total in his five years with the company. His singles on Motown's Soul label are cherished artifacts of the company's Golden Era and have been for decades now.
Unfortunately Shorty died in a boating accident in 1969, just as he was beginning to move into the commercial mainstream. and shortly before his second album was due to be released. His catalogue has not been too well served in the CD era, but Kent aims to rectify that with the latest release in our ongoing series of Motown projects.

Here Comes...Shorty Long presents all the masters that were mixed to stereo by Motown's engineers in the 60s, and includes the world premiere of a very different take of his great version of the Big Bopper's Chantilly Lace, as well as many of his eternally popular hits such as Function At the Junction, Devil In The Blue Dress and Here Come The Judge.

With typically copious illustrations and an annotation that includes a personal memoir of Shorty by his frequent Motown collaborator Sylvia Moy, this is a package that every vintage Motown fan will want.


1. Here Come The Judge
2. Night Fo' Last (Instrumental)
3. Function At The Junction
4. Don't Mess With My Weekend
5. Ain't No Justice
6. Devil With The Blue Dress
7. Night Fo' Last (Version 2 - Vocal)
8. Stranded In The Jungle
9. Here Comes Fat Albert
10. Sing What You Wanna
11. Another Hurt Like This
12. People Sure Act Funny
13. Mobile Lil The Dancing Witch
14. Chantilly Lace (Alternate Version)
15. I Had A Dream
16. A Whiter Shade Of Pale
17. Memories Are Made Of This
18. I'm Walkin'
19. Cross My Heart
20. Lillie Of The Valley
21. Blue Monday
22. Baby Come Home To Me
23. I Wish You Were Here
24. When You Are Available
25. Give Me Some Air
26. The Deacon Work