Stronghold.3-by fantasma
Stronghold 3 (c) Firefly Studios

25-10-2011........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
Strategy.............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Stronghold 3 is the long-awaited third installment in the award winning
castle-building series. Set 10 years after the original, the Wolf it
seems, has cheated death and during his painful recovery hes become
even more bitter and twisted. Now he seeks revenge. Raiding villages
and towns during the dead of night, the Wolf has created a tide of
panic and you and your allies are the only force that stand against
him. In this stunning new update to the world's favorite Castle Sim
- will you triumph by day or die by night?

Features:

Build and manage mighty castles with an improved building system
allowing unprecedented levels of realism and intricacy

Realistic physics and cutting-edge graphics make siege warfare more
brutal than ever.

Watch your village spring to life in an amazing depiction of medieval
village life

Story-driven gameplay engages players across two campaigns: combat or
economic

Dramatic night time sieges add a new dimension to the Stronghold
franchise

Besiege other players castles or defend your own in a range of
action-packed online multiplayer modes

Attack or defend accurately re-created castles from the pages of
history. Will you succeed where others failed?

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install and select the language you want to play the game in
4. Copy everything from the CRACK- by ghost folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

---------------------------------------------

Nao estou postando arquivo originalmente meu.
Apenas baixo o jogo e faço funcionar 100%
Testamos e depois postamos para vocês ja tudo funcionando.
Esse é by fantasma

---------------------------------

I am not posting my original file.
Just down the game and do work 100%
We tested and then posted to you all already working.
This is by ghost