This is Noel H. Twyman's mindblowing book Bloody Treason - The Assassination of John F. Kennedy - On Solving History's Greatest Murder Mystery (2010) which lays out powerful evidence that a cabal of extremists and military officers, conspiring with gangsters and corrupt government officials, planned and ordered the crime of the century. As provided in the Constitution of the United States, the structure of the government is systematically divided into three separate, offsetting powers: the legislative, the executive, and the judicial. On November 22, 1963, and the months that followed, that system experienced a massive failure, from which the nation has never fully recovered. While much has been written about the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, the dark forces behind his murder have never been convincingly exposed. Twyman takes us deep into the labyrinth of the JFK assassination plot and reveals the shocking trade craft of covert political assassinations practiced by the U.S. government during the 1960s. He explains how these programs tragically backfired, resulting in the assassination of JFK. The evidence of the master conspiracy is developed step by step until the identities of the powerful people behind the plot are revealed. Bloody Treason is a product of five years of sifting and evaluation of tens of thousands of pages of documents found in the National Archives, and of hundreds of books and papers. It includes first-time interviews with critical witnesses and is updated with the most relevant documents recently released by the Assassination Records Review Board as authorized by Congress. It also includes more than 160 photos and exhibits. The result is a major revision of history, one that will forever change our understanding of how and why John F. Kennedy was assassinated. It so advances the understanding of the JFK assassination to an entirely new level. The shocking revelation of corruption and betrayal in high places is without precedent in U.S. history. This amazing book is the story and the evidence of how it happened. 490 (mobi) or 722 (pdf) pages, many pictures. A must read for everyone. Note: This is the updated and extended version of the original (1997) release. The zip file includes the original mobi as well as its conversion to pdf format.
