The.Office.US.S09E05.720p.HDTV.MPEG2-SM10 (Optimised for PS3)


Original Uploader Is Spidermike2010 (PHD)

I have been given permission from Spidermike2010 to upload his torrents, He is the original source of this torrent. Check his Facebook page for upcoming uplaods.



Runtime: 22 min
 
Language: English
 
Director: Randall Einhorn, Paul Feig, Greg Daniels, Ken Kwapis, Jeffrey Blitz, Ken Whittingham, Charles McDougall, David Rogers, Paul Lieberstein, Matt Sohn, B.J. Novak, Tucker Gates, Harold Ramis, Brent Forrester, Steve Carell, Rainn Wilson, Bryan Gordon, Dennie Gordon, Victor Nelli Jr., Jason Reitman, Julian Farino, Joss Whedon, Jennifer Celotta, Seth Gordon, Dean Holland, Lee Eisenberg, Gene Stupnitsky, Mindy Kaling, John Krasinski, Ed Helms, Troy Miller.
 
Cast: Rainn Wilson, John Krasinski, Jenna Fischer, Leslie David Baker, Brian Baumgartner, Angela Kinsey, Phyllis Smith, Kate Flannery, B.J. Novak, Creed Bratton.
 
Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0386676/



The Office is an American comedy television series broadcast by the National Broadcasting Company (NBC). It is an adaptation of the previous BBC series of the same name. The Office was adapted for American audiences by Greg Daniels, a veteran writer for Saturday Night Live, King of the Hill, and The Simpsons. It is co-produced by Daniels' Deedle-Dee Productions, and Shine America, in association with Universal Television. The original executive producers were Daniels, Howard Klein, Ben Silverman, Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant, with numerous others being promoted in later seasons.

The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. To simulate the look of an actual documentary, it is filmed in a single-camera setup, without a studio audience or a laugh track. The show debuted on NBC as a midseason replacement on March 24, 2005, and features Steve Carell, Rainn Wilson, John Krasinski, Jenna Fischer, B. J. Novak and Ed Helms among the main cast. Series star Carell, who portrayed Michael Scott, left the series near the end of the seventh season. Since its debut, the show has aired 176 half-hour episodes and concluded its eighth season on May 10, 2012. On August 21, 2012, Daniels announced that the upcoming ninth season would be the series' last.

Thanks to DIMENSION for the original source file, however MKV's do not work natively on PS3 so this has been given the SM10 touch. Converted to MPEG2 and re-synced to accommodate that change as configured a few filters to maximise colour on those bigger screens.
This is a regular upload of mine. Previous episodes appeared on D-Noid before the outage so I am continuing here.

As always I will seed until 50-100 completes and then the rest is down to you as I will be using my speeds elsewhere. Thanks in advance and leave a comment or visit the Facebook page to leave feedback.