Title: Animated Wallpaper Maker 3.1.1
Year: 2012
Platform: Windows All
Language: English
Medicine:

Operating system: Windows XP, Vista, 7
Processor: Pentium III 1 GHz or higher
Memory: 512 MB or higher
Video: 32-bit, 1280x800
Free space on HDD: 50 MB

Description:
Animated Wallpaper Maker - latest version of the small in size, but very interesting and easy to learn program with which you can dramatically transform your desktop, replacing the already boring desktop wallpaper animated images (it supports all common image formats) with amazing effects, made his own . You do not need any special skills or expensive and complicated software - just install the program, choose from any of his collection, you liked the image, adjust the animation and the result can be placed on the desktop.

Additional Information:
Animated Wallpaper Maker has a built-in editor that allows you to add animation to the default wallpaper Windows (supports all popular image formats) and built-in player, replacing a static background on your desktop animated wallpaper. Animated wallpaper using minimum system resources and the user can be enabled or disabled
work in operating systems, Windows XP, Vista and Windows 7.

Features:
• Realistic live animation effects with optimal image quality.
• Low resource requirements.
• Free in the slide-show effect fades and the developer.
• Animated wallpapers work correctly in Windows 7, XP and Vista.Breathe new life into your desktop! Animated Wallpaper Maker will help you turn your static photos into animated pictures and set them as your desktop background. You can animate any photo you have. Really! You don't need expensive, complicated software anymore. You can create your own animated wallpaper in just a few mouse clicks. Load a picture, adjust animation parameters, and place the result on your desktop.

HOW IT WORKS
Animated Wallpaper Maker is all-in-one solution for customizing your desktop background with amazing animations effects. It contains an editor that allows you to add animation to standard windows wallpaper (supporting all common image formats) and a built-in player replaces the static windows background with an animated one. The wallpaper animation requires minimum system resources and can be disabled / enabled at will.

FEATURES
• Realistic live animation effects. Animated Wallpaper Maker uses up-to-date computer graphic effects for the best picture quality.
• Low resource requirements. Our software was designed to work jointly with office and home software without slowing it down.
• Wallpaper slideshow mode. Animated Wallpaper Maker can operate as wallpaper changer with a smooth fade in / fade out effect.
• Windows Vista / XP support. Animated wallpapers work correctly in both versions of Windows: XP and Vista.

Installation:
Set the program to open a crack to generate the key to the program