The Beatles is the ninth official album by the English rock group The Beatles, a double album released in 1968. It is also commonly known as "The White Album" as it has no graphics or text other than the band's name embossed (and, on the early LP and CD releases, a serial number) on its plain white sleeve.

The album was written and recorded during a period of turmoil for the group, after visiting the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi in India and having a particularly productive songwriting session in early 1968. Returning to the studio, the group recorded from May to October 1968, only to have conflict and dissent drive the group members apart. Ringo Starr quit the band for a brief time, leaving Paul McCartney to play drums on two tracks. Many of the songs were "solo" recordings, or at least by less than the full group, as each individual member began to explore his own talent.

Upon release in November 1968, the album received largely positive reviews and reached number 1 on the charts in the United Kingdom and the United States. The album is notable for the eclectic nature of its songs, which has divided critics in evaluating its legacy. The album has sold over 30 million copies worldwide and was listed at number 10 on Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Albums of All Time" list.  Previously in 1987, as part of their 20th anniversary, Rolling Stone magazine ranked it #9 on "The 100 Best Albums of the Last Twenty Years."

Mono Version

The Beatles was the last Beatles album to be released with a unique, alternative mono mix, albeit one issued only in the UK and a few other countries. Twenty-eight of the album's 30 tracks ("Revolution 1" and "Revolution 9" being the only exceptions) exist in official alternative mono mixes. Several of these mono mixes are quite different from the stereo versions. Perhaps most notably, the mono mix/edit of "Helter Skelter" eliminates the fade-in at the end of the song (and Ringo Starr's ending scream "I've got blisters on my fingers!"), and the mono mix of "Yer Blues" has a longer fadeout than its stereo counterpart.

Beatles albums after The Beatles (except Yellow Submarine in the UK) occasionally had mono pressings in certain countries (such as Brazil), but these editionsΓÇöYellow Submarine, Abbey Road and Let It BeΓÇöwere in each case mono fold-downs from the regular stereo mixes.

In the US, mono records were already being phased out; the US release of The Beatles was the first Beatles LP to be issued in stereo only.

The mono version of The Beatles was made available worldwide on 9 September 2009, as part of the Beatles in Mono CD box set.

2009 MONO REMASTER [320k MP3]

 	"Back in the U.S.S.R."   	
 	"Dear Prudence"   	
 	"Glass Onion"   	
 	"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da"   	
 	"Wild Honey Pie"   	
 	"The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill"   	
 	"While My Guitar Gently Weeps"  	
 	"Happiness Is a Warm Gun"   
 	"Martha My Dear"   	
 	"I'm So Tired"   
 	"Blackbird"   	
 	"Piggies" 	
 	"Rocky Raccoon"   	
 	"Don't Pass Me By" 
 	"Why Don't We Do It in the Road?"   	
 	"I Will"   	
 	"Julia"  	
 	"Birthday"   	
 	"Yer Blues"   	
 	"Mother Nature's Son"   	
 	"Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey"   	 	
 	"Sexy Sadie"   	
 	"Helter Skelter"   	
 	"Long, Long, Long" 
 	"Revolution 1"   	
 	"Honey Pie"   	
 	"Savoy Truffle" 
 	"Cry Baby Cry"   	
 	"Revolution 9"   	 
 	"Good Night"   			