A Throw Of Dice~1929~Vintage Silent Classic~DVDRip~1.02 GB~Phantom

Synopsis:-
Prapancha Paash aka A Throw of Dice is a film from the silent era beautifully restored with English intertitles. It has gorgeous soundtrack by Nitin Sawhney which complements the visuals perfectly. 

ItΓÇÖs the third film from the collaboration between Himansu Rai and German director Franz Osten, which had already produced Light of Asia and Shiraz. Osten was working with his brother Peter OstermayrΓÇÖs production company Emelka in Germany when he met Himansu and Devika Rani, and came to India to work with them on these joint efforts. This partnership also gave us 1936 Achhut Kanya starring Ashok Kumar and Devika Rani; but when World War II broke out Osten and the other German technicians were arrested by the British and then deported, and Himansu Rai died in 1940.

A Throw of Dice features 10,000 extras, a thousand horses and fifty elephants (loaned by a local maharajah), and is gorgeously filmed  on lush sets and beautiful outdoor locations in Rajasthan. Himansu himself plays the villain in this, with Seeta Devi and Charu Roy in the other two lead roles. ItΓÇÖs an entertaining and fast-paced story of intrigue, treachery and romance against a Mughal court backdrop penned by Niranjan Pal (based on a story from the Mahabharata).

The film has been in the British Film Institute (BFI)ΓÇÖs archives since 1945, though rarely seen. In 2006, the film was digitally restored, in honour of the 60th anniversary of Indian independence, and re-released at the Luminato Festival, Toronto, Canada, on 13 June 2008, with a new orchestral score by British Indian composer, Nitin Sawhney.

Plot :-
The movie is about two kings vying for the love of a hermit's daughter, the beautiful Sunita. The two kings, Ranjit and Sohat share a passion for gambling and decide to play a game of craps to determine who will marry Sunita. Sunita wishes to marry Ranjit. Ranjit loses the game to the nefarious Sohat and as a forfeit becomes his slave. Sunita soon uncovers the truth about Sohat's evil deeds and to escape punishment he hurls himself off a cliff into the rapids below. Ranjit and Sunita are reunited and married.

Cast:
Seeta Devi...Sunita
Himansu Rai...King Sohat
Charu Roy...King Ranjit
Modhu Bose...Kirkbar, King Sohat's Henchman
Sarada Gupta...Kanwa, Sunita's Father, the Hermit
Tincory Chakrabarty...Kanzler Raghunath
Lala Bijoykishen...Raghunath's Son Birbal 

Media Info
Language - Hindi (Indian)
Video Size - 1.02 GB
Video Codec - H264/AVC
Video Res - 640 x 480
Video Frame Rate - 29.970 fps 
Video Bitrate - 956 Kbps
SAudio Codec - MP3
Channels - Stereo
Sample Rate - 44100 Hz @ 128 kbps
Length - 2 Hours 32 mins

Poster: 
http://imgur.com/oIrmK

Screens : 
http://imgur.com/rYJhV
 
http://imgur.com/i1ZO5
 
http://imgur.com/X3v4G
 
http://imgur.com/rIIYq
 
http://imgur.com/TbsUL
 
http://imgur.com/YyrmP

