Ultimate Guide to Graphic (2nd Edition)
by Nik Rawlinson
Dennis Publishing | April 2010 | PDF | 196 pages | ISBN: 1907232478 | 77.1Mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Ultimate-Guide-Graphic-Design-Rawlinson/dp/1907232478

There are almost as many definitions of 'design' as there are colours in the spectrum. At its most basic, though, we can say that it's the creation of any inanimate object that motivates a fellow human being. That motivation could be anything from going out to buy a new car ?? the point of vehicle design and of those adverts that trumpet their benefits - to simply stopping for a moment and appreciating the art before them.
Design is a deeply ingrained part of the human psyche. Since the earliest days when we were painting on cave walls, we have been interested In creating objects that tell a story or simply brighten up our surroundings, proving that the need to design is an inherent urge in all of us. Over the years, of course, things have changed, tastes have evolved and technology arnved, but still that desire remains. The advent of the computer elevated design into a whole new level. No longer were we restricted to sculpting, painting or drawing with physical objects; now we could create in a virtual space on a screen, change our creations as often as we wanted and finally output a definitive copy to share with family, friends and the world at large.
And that's where The Ultimate Guide to Graphic Design 2nd Edition can help. Over the course of almost 200 pages, we'll show you how you can harness the power of your computer to create more professional, appealing and engaging work that you'll be proud to show, and which will impress those who see it.
With full coverage of Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, QuarkXPress and more, our team of expert writers will guide you step by step through each task at hand. And, if you need to brush up on your skills before launching yourself into some of the more ambitious projects, check out the comprehensive A to Z of Design in the second half of the book, where we explain key concepts that every professional or aspiring designer should have in their armoury.