Brendan Dubois Books(3) Epub,Mobi


Twilight (2007)
 (The Dead of Night)
 A novel by Brendan DuBois
 

For years UN peacekeepers have been deployed to war-torn regions of the world from Rwanda to Serbia and Congo to East Timor.
 
Now it's America's turn.
 
Samuel Simpson is a young, idealistic journalist from Canada. Seeking adventure, he volunteers to become a records keeper for a UN war-crimes investigation team at work in upper New York State. Months earlier, a crippling terrorist attack against the United States resulted in its cities being emptied, its countryside set afire, and its government shaken to its knees.
 
In the aftermath of this attack, a virtual civil war broke out, until UN peacekeepers arrived to establish an uneasy peace. While Samuel and his team travel through the New York countryside, searching for evidence of an atrocious war crime, he promptly realizes that death is quick to strike from any farmhouse, road corner, or rest area. Even more chillingly, he begins to suspect that there is a traitor in his team, trying not only to conceal important evidence, but working to betray and kill them all, including the woman he loves.
 
Award-winning author Brendan DuBois paints a disturbing and poignant portrait in this smart, fast-paced thriller.
 
Genre: Thriller
 

Resurrection Day (1999)
 A novel by Brendan DuBois
 

In the aftermath of the Cuban missile crisis, the U.S. has been crippled into a second-rate power dependent upon European allies for survival. In the shadow of this devastating chaos, a reporter stumbles across a man with secrets of the great war's origins--and lies about Kennedy's death.
 
Genre: Thriller
 

Final Winter (2006)
 A novel by Brendan DuBois
 

After 9/11 the US Government vowed that any similar attack on American soil would be thwarted, and the newly created Homeland Security knew that the only way to achieve this end was to have the very best intelligence.
 
A group of elite officers from the police, the FBI and the CIA are recruited to form a special branch within the new organisation, operating in deep cover, their contact with each other and with other agencies strictly compartmentalised. One of these is Brian Doyle, an NYPD detective, chosen for his dogged determination and deductive instincts - instincts which serve him and his masters well, because at the heart of the organisation is one person ruthlessly using the carefully gathered intelligence to unleash a biological attack across the United States. And when Doyle does work out the truth it seems as though he is too late to stop it...
 
Enjoy!