DR. EAMONN BUTLER is the director of the Influential UK think-tank, the Adam Smith Institute, where he has spent three decades privatizing state industries, reforming public administrations and instructing government leaders around the world on market economics. With degrees in Economics, Psychology and Philosophy from St Andrews University, Dr Butler is superbly qualified on the mechanics, mentality and morals of markets. His highly readable introductions to free-market thinkers including Adam Smith, Ludwig von Mises, and Nobel economists FA Hayek and Milton Friedman have won wide acclaim and been translated into many languages.

RIGGENBACH, a radio announcer and longtime voiceover artist, has an engaging, authoritative voice. 

The Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises is increasingly recognized as one of the most important originators of modern economic thought. This book studies his ideas in a clear and systematic way and pulls out from MisesΓÇÖs own writings the main themes of his work. MisesΓÇÖs central theme is an emphasis on microeconomics. All real economic decisions, he insists, are taken by particular people at particular times and places; the motivating forces, therefore, are personal and psychological. In this view, economics is not a science at all, but a discipline more like mathematics or geometry. Its principles are deduced not by observation and experiment, but from certain axiomatic facts about the nature of human choice. This basic insight allows Mises to study important topics such as entrepreneurship and competition in new and fruitful ways.

Nobel prize-winner F.A. Hayek is one of the great thinkers of the twentieth century, but up to now there has been no book for the non-specialist that describes his ideas and explains their significance. Eamonn Butler's clear, systematic, perceptive study fills this gap. Starting with a short survey of Hayek's life, Dr. Butler goes on to analyze all the main elements in his thought under six basic headings: Understanding How Society Works; The Market Process; Hayek's Critique of Socialism; Criticism of Social Justice; The Institutions of a Liberal Order; and The Constitution of a Liberal State.


Milton Friedman: controversial Nobel economist and advocate of free markets and libertarian social policy. 
	
Friedman was an intellectual inspiration of Margaret Thatcher, Ronald Reagan and former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, making him one of the main intellectual influences in late 20th century politics. This new book will place Friedman in the context of the politics and economics of today.

3 audiobooks encoded in AAC, in .m4b format with chapters