Smart Diary Suite

lets you quickly & easily see what's happening in your life. 

See upcoming Schedule appointments and Tasks, as well as most recent Diary and Notes entries. Never miss anything important coming up again!

Smart Diary Suite Features

The Right Choice for Taking Control of Your Life
Smart Diary┬« Suite delivers everything you'd expect to find in a professional personal information manager (PIM) and so much more. Our Life Factors, graphs, medical tracking and the way they're integrated seamlessly together makes Smart Diary Suite the right choice for taking control of your life.

Smart Diary Suite's components work together to help you keep track of your life (select a specific feature below to learn more about it or click on an image to zoom in):

Quickly see what's coming up.
See Diary, Schedule, Tasks and Notes entries at a glance using the Overview feature. Quickly know about upcoming events and things you have to do.

Keep everyday records and see your life.
Want to keep an everyday journal and describe memorable events of your life in your own words? Save and browse your personal records in the Diary protected by a password and encryption. Are you curious how your diet, sleep or life style influence your performance or relationship? Keep a regular record with the help of our life factors and see the results on a color Graph.

Be organized and ready.
Would you like to be reminded of your important appointment or your kid's baseball on Thursday? Schedule puts a fully featured calendar at your fingertips to make sure you never miss anything important in your life!

Stay focused and determined.
Want to set short and long-term goals, like a New Year's resolution? Use Tasks to set items you want to accomplish and monitor their progress.

Never lose anything and find information quickly.
Saw something interesting, but now cannot remember where to find it? Notes will take care of that by providing a powerful way to organize any bits of information.

Eat healthy and tasty.
Do you want to eat healthy and tasty food? Nutrition will let you create and share recipes, at the same time helping you to understand and plan your dietary needs.

Stay healthy and relaxed.
Need to remember what medication to take and when? Medication will remind you - it can even send you an e-mail, if you are away from your computer.

Be in touch with others.
Did you forget that anniversary your friend had? Just enter the date once in the Contacts and you will be reminded of it when due.

Talk to us and others.
Join our online community to interact with other people, share life factors and ingredients, suggest features, provide feedback and help grow SDS further!

Smartest Diary Suite Offers So Much More...

Try Smart Diary Suite today and see how it will help you organize and stay on top of your life! Some of the additional benefits of using Smart Diary Suite include:

Encryption of your data using industry-standard methods for your privacy and all your entries are protected by an optional password.
Run it directly off a USB or flash drive without installing on any machine.
Optional password and auto-lock on inactivity settings.
Multiple skins (visual styles) included.
Fully resizable and customizable interface.
Fast and reliable.
Free support.

System Requirements

Smart Diary Suite 4 runs on:

Microsoft Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7

Homepage: http://www.sdiary.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.