Complete Electronics Self-Teaching Guide with Projects (4th Ed)
by Earl Boysen and Harry Kybett
Wiley | July 2012 | ISBN: 1118217322 | 576 Pages | ePUB | 31 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Complete-Electronics-Self-Teaching-Projects-ebook/dp/B008K9AH6

Follow hands-on projects so you can work with electronic circuits
Are you ready to keep up with the rapidly evolving world of electronic products? From smartphones and tablets to MP3 players and digital cameras, this resource will build your understanding of how the latest electronic circuits work. You'll dive into hands-on projects and walk through the calculations and concepts for key circuits to get you up to speed. As you progress through the chapters, you'll learn how to build the circuits, and then observe or measure how they work so you can apply the information on your own.

-    Learn how to control the flow of electric current
-    Design a transistor circuit, and compare the switching action of a JFET and a BJT
-    Explore the use of resistors, capacitors, and inductors in bandpass and band-reject filters
-    Use BJTs, JFETs, and operational amplifiers in amplifier circuits
-    Find out how an oscillator works, and then design and build one
-    Discover how a transformer converts AC voltage to a higher or lower voltage
-    Calculate the values of components that produce a specified DC output voltage for a power supply circuit

The book's website (  http://www.buildinggadgets.com) provides project pages that include links to suppliers and are kept up to date with supplier part numbers for components you'll need.

About the Authors
Earl Boysen is a veteran engineer who maintains two technology-focused websites, www.buildinggadgets.com and www.understandingnano.com. He is coauthor of the first edition of Electronics For Dummies as well as Electronics Projects For Dummies and Nanotechnology For Dummies, all published by Wiley.
The late Harry Kybett wrote the bestselling first and second editions of Electronics Self-Teaching Guide. He was director of engineering operations at Columbia Pictures Corporation. He built many studios and video systems for the broadcasting industry, and created training programs for Sony Corporation of America. 

CONTENTS
Chapter 1: DC Review and Pre-Test
Chapter 2: The Diode
Chapter 3: Introduction to the Transistor
Chapter 4: The Transistor Switch
Chapter 5: AC Pre-Test and Review
Chapter 6: Filters
Chapter 7: Resonant Circuits
Chapter 8: Transistor Amplifiers
Chapter 9: Oscillators
Chapter 10: The Transformer
Chapter 11 : Power Supply Circuits
Chapter 12: Conclusion and Final Self-Test
Appendix A: Glossary
Appendix B: List of Symbols and Abbreviations
Appendix C: Powers of Ten and Engineering Prefixes
Amendix D: Standard Com~osition Resistor Values
Appendix E: Supplemental Resources
Appendix F: Equation Reference
Appendix G: Schematic Symbols Used in This Book