Harry Potter and The Prisoner of Azkaban 2004 
Year: 2004
Language: English
Platform: Windows (PC)
 
INFO
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a 2004 video game that was released concurrently with the film release of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Both the game and the film were based on J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, the third novel in the Harry Potter series.


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS 

  Minimum Configuration:

 Operating System Windows 98/2000*/ME/XP*
 Processor 600 MHz Intel Pentium III processor or

 comparable
 Memory 256MB
 Videocard 32MB GeForce 2 class Direct 3D-compatible video

 card**
 HDD Space 820MB plus additional hard drive space for

 Windows swap file and saved game files.
 CD ROM Speed x8
 Soundcard DirectX 9.0 compatible drivers
 DirectX Version 9.0 (included)

 * With the most recent Service Pack.
 ** Supported video cards: nVidia GeForce 2 or greater, ATI Radeon or greater or Matrox Parhelia. If you do not have the minimum required video card and correct drivers installed then Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban will default to Software mode as your video card will not be used for hardware acceleration. Although you will still be able to play the game, you will not be able to enjoy the performance or full graphical experience that Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban can offer.


 Recommended Configuration:

 Operating System Windows XP*
 Processor 1.5 GHz Intel Pentium IV processor or higher
 Memory 512MB or higher
 Videocard 64MB Direct 3D-compatible video card or higher
 HDD Speed 7200rpm or faster
 CD ROM Speed x16
 Soundcard DirectX 9.0 compatible drivers
 DirectX Version 9.0 (included)

 

HOW TO INSTALL 

1- Run the file "Autorun.exe". 

2- Use any of the keys provided (keys are in the file "Serials &

 CracksKeys.txt") 

3- Replace the file in the installation directory ["C:Program FilesEA

 GAMESHarry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban(TM)System" by default]

 from the file "hppoa.exe" [the file is in "Serials & CracksNO CD

 CRACK" folder] 

4- Run the game & Enjoy. 