Deep Purple - Machine Head [DVDrip - Eng Ac3 Sub IT-DE-PO-NL-FR-ES] TNT Village

Sub Ita Ger Pol Fra Esp Nld

.: Release Originale :.
 
http://forum.tntvillage.scambioetico.org/tntforum/index.php?showtopic=82281

.: Plot :.

Classic Albums is a documentary series about pop and rock albums that are considered the best or most distinctive of a well-known band or musician or that exemplify a stage in the history of music. The TV series is made by Isis Productions and distributed by Eagle Rock Entertainment. It is shown on various broadcasters including BBC, ITV, Sky Arts, VH1 and VH1 Classic. They are also available on DVD. The show is similar in structure to VH1's short-lived 2001 series, Ultimate Albums.

The music, and its production, is dissected by the musicians and/or producer playing the multitrack recordings and singling out tracks that one does not usually consciously hear when listening to the music, giving insight into the way the sound is built up. Also, the individual musicians play back pieces, which are then blended with the original recording. Almost all songs are dealt with, focusing almost entirely on the music itself, how it was composed/realised. Personal aspects of the band or members are occasionally dealt with, but mostly only if they serve this purpose. TV episodes are 50 minutes long but the DVD releases contain much additional material. All the releases in this series are done with the co-operation and full authorisation of the artists involved. The Series Producers are Nick de Grunwald and Martin R Smith. Various Directors have been used for the series but the majority of the programmes have been directed by Bob Smeaton, Matthew Longfellow and Jeremy Marre. The most recent episodes in the series cover Black Sabbath - Paranoid, Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers - Damn the Torpedoes, and Rush - 2112 & Moving Pictures. These were released in mid-2010, and were also released on the Blu-ray Disc format.

.: Cover :.
 
http://img718.imageshack.us/img718/3051/machineheaddvd201003031.jpg

.: Crediti :.

Regista: Matthew Longfellow

Ritchie Blackmore	... 	Se stesso
	Chris Charlesworth	... 	Se stesso
	Ian Gillan	... 	Se stesso
	Roger Glover	... 	Se stesso
	Jon Lord	... 	Se stesso
	Ian Paice	... 	Se stesso
	Brad Tolinski	... 	Se stesso
	Chris Welch	... 	Se stesso