Horny Birds 2 XXX DVDRip XviD - XCiTE

Real Women In A Cock Frenzy At Real Parties!

Everyday Girls Going Cock Crazy At Bachelorette Parties, Birthday Parties And More - And You're Invited!

Don't Miss The Wild Home Video Footage of These Real Parties!

Never Let Your Girl Go Anywhere Close To A Male Strip Club!

Horny Birds Volume #2 Just Proves That When You Get A Little Liquor In Every Day Women, They Go Wild Over Huge Dongs! Enjoy!

'Employee Of The Month' - Why can't more bosses be as cool as this one? This sexy lady has decided to reward her hardworking employees by having a little party for her Employee of the Month. I didn't know you could order strippers straight to your office! It turns out, the older these ladies get, the hornier they get! Grandma? Is that you? Just kidding! This guy's dick gets passed around this office more than the stapler from the copy room! This is one hell of a team building exercise if I ever saw one!

'Girls Night Out' - If this is how girls act when they go out together, I am never letting my girl out again! Imagine a room full of every day women just going wild over naked dudes and their dongs! Who knew this is what goes down at male strip clubs? Its nonstop dick sucking from every direction! And these girls are hot too! It turns into an out of control wild sex party that you have to see to believe!

'Snow Bunnies' - Never let your girl go on vacation with her girlfriends! This episode is a Horny Birds winner right here! They've documented their entire hot ass vacation and now we really know what girls do! It's really just an excuse to fuck random dudes they meet! And man, do these girls have some thumping asses! Nothing is sexier than a game of spin the bottle, unless you factor in some hot make out sessions in the hot tub and some hardcore fucking in the bedroom! Man, do I need to hit up the slopes!.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=xfmrdubyntmanzf0282m.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=1epcpu8img3hpu9ejn9e.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=x7fe3jeq2ml95fv43ufm.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=0h7t4cssmv6otqzvg1q8.jpg