Pantyhose Prisoner - LakeviewEnt.

The young submissive knelt and worshipped Mistress MonicaΓÇÖs high heels as She and Mistress Kozmina idly chatted. The slipped off their shoes after he had a taste of both pairs of heels and their stocking covered feet caressed and kicked his face and body. Standing, he served beneath as they stomped him and made him eat their feet in between bouts of face sitting. Mistress Kozmina kicked his balls over and over and Mistress MonicaΓÇÖs dainty hand made sure his cock stretched tight in the cock cage.

The fun continues as the slave gets his neck scissored and squeezed by both pairs of long legs. They take turns trampling him and then make him smell their pussy and ass. He inhales deeply through the nylon covering and is treated to whiffs of pure sweaty femininity. Mistress Monica wipes Her ass clean with toilet paper and stuffs his mouth full as Mistress Kozmina holds his head. She is getting quite excited and he gets another chance to sniff Her panel covered crotch.

This slave is in for rougher treatment after his humiliating ordeal in front of their asses. Mistress Monica spanks him hard with the slapper as his head is locked helplessly between Mistress KozminaΓÇÖs silky nylon covered thighs. His big bulging trapped cock gets played with and teased before the humbler is snapped on his balls. Mistress Monica plays with his trapped balls and then orgasms in front of his face as Her partnerΓÇÖs feet beat a tattoo on the back of his balls.

Mistress Monica finishes masturbating in his face and he is obliged to smell Her fragrent pussy and then Mistress Kozmina takes him for a short pony ride. Next scene he is bound in a chair in the dungeon and Mistress Monica is chocking him with a noose. She sits on his lap and leans way back, cutting off his air and Her partner keeps slapping his face. Even though he is getting a lap dance he cannot enjoy it with blackness closing in from the choking. Next, they tape him to a pole standing and cut his cock out of his pantyhose.

5 Parts WMV 720p HD video. Screens in torrent.

Cover front and back:
 
http://www.hotmovies.com/boxcover.php?img=http://imgcover-2.hotmovies.com/image2/large/204/204246.large.0.jpg

Enjoy, and remember to leave some nice comments for Merzedes and myself if you like what we upload :)
		


