Kasey Chambers (born 4 June 1976) is an Australian country singer-songwriter. She is the daughter of steel guitar player Bill Chambers, and the sister of musician and producer Nash Chambers.

While "Not Pretty Enough" eventually went double platinum, Barricades & Brickwalls would achieve sales of 7*platinum in Australia meaning Chambers had the second best selling single and album by an Australian artist in 2002 behind Kylie Minogue whose single Can't Get You Out of My Head and album Fever became the biggest successes of the year. At the 2002 ARIA Awards, Chambers won "Album of the Year", "Best Female Artist" and "Best Country Album". Barricades & Brickwalls was released in the US in 2002 peaking just outside the top 100 of the Billboard 200 album charts, topping the Billboard Heatseeker Charts and reaching the top 20 of the Billboard country charts. The album also received a generally positive critical response.
She recorded a cover of the Cyndi Lauper song "True Colours" which became the theme song of the 2003 Rugby World Cup and reached the top 5 in Australia in May 2003.
Chambers released her third solo album Wayward Angel in Australia on 31 May 2004. It debuted at No. 1 on the Australian charts and went platinum in its first week of release. Singles from the album include "Hollywood", "Pony" and "Saturated". " Following the Boxing Day Tsunami, Chambers appeared at the Wave Aid fundraising concert in Sydney, to raise funds for aid organisations working in disaster affected areas.
Chambers's next album, Carnival, debuted in the No. 1 position on the ARIA album charts in late August 2006. The lead single, "Nothing at All" also reached the top ten of the singles chart.
Chambers and Shane Nicholson with Troy Cassar-Daley played at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 14 March 2009 for Sound Relief, a multi-venue rock music concert in support of relief for the Victorian Bushfire Crisis. The event will be held simultaneously with a concert at the Sydney Cricket Ground. All the proceeds from the Melbourne Concert will go to the Red Cross Victorian Bushfire relief.[2][3] Appearing with Chambers in Melbourne are, Augie March, Bliss N Eso with Paris Wells, Gabriella Cilmi, Hunters & Collectors, Jack Johnson, Jet, Kings Of Leon, Liam Finn, Midnight Oil, Paul Kelly, Split Enz and Wolfmother.
In 2010 the Australian Independent Record (AIR) Award for 'Best Independent Country Album' went to the Australian Country family dynasty - Kasey Chambers, Poppa Bill and the Little Hillbillies - for their Lost Music Blues album. A unique collaboration of 3 generations - the 16 original songs were crafted together by Kasey, Father Bill, Brother Nash and their collective brood of Little Hillbillies.

Albums:

1999 - The Captain
2001 - Barricades & Brickwalls
2004 - Wayward Angel
2006 - Carnival
2008 - Rattlin' Bones (With Shane Nicholson)
2010 - Little Bird
2011 - Storybook
2012 - Wreck & Ruin (With Shane Nicholson)