Sometimes you just want to fuck a bitch up. Hard throat, pussy fucking, squirting, brutal orgasms! | Hailey Young | Matt Williams

January 7, 2013 
 
  
MP4 only.  
    

Hailey Young with her youthful looks and runway model body is back on Sexually Broken. Hailey might look pure and innocent but this girl likes it hard and rough, the more intense the better. 

Sometimes you just want to fuck a bitch up. It's just that simple. She's sitting there looking all sexy in her short dress, long legs, tiny tight ass, and beautiful smile. Then you think to yourself, "Fuck the elaborate bondage and set up, I'm going in". 

Hailey starts in a modified Japanesse box tie. When a girl gets bound in this position they know they're in trouble. It means something bad is going to happen to them for a long while, because the bondage is comfortable but inescapable. Hailey finds herself on her knees, helpless, while cock is jammed in and out of her pretty mouth hole. It's just that simple. 

When we get a part-time runway model bound and on her knees we are going to face fuck her, long, hard, and deep. We turn our cock into a weapon. We make it like a flogger or a cane, to cause discomfort and suffering. Every girl we get on Sexually Broken loves sucking cock and is pretty good at it. We take them to the next level, we are brutal, we are relentless, and they are bound and helpless. 

We turn their love for sucking cock against them, we push them farther then they have ever gone before, we turn it into a fight for survival. We keep the cock deep in their throat, they fight for air but love the cock. It turns them on, that the cock is controlling them, controlling when and if they breathe. It sends a girl into subspace faster then any other BDSM activity and that is a fact. Before long the girl is loopy, dizzy, and more turned on than even they know. They are drooling uncontrollably and just trying to survive, fighting for air as the cock slides deeper and deeper. 

The girl is almost a sex zombie at this point as the extreme breath play has robbed them of a will of their own. They only know cock. They sit there with their mouth hole open and you can just fuck it at will. When we see that glassed over look in their eyes we know it's time. We yank Hailey to her feet bend her over and in one thrust, drive balls deep into her wet, shaved pussy. Within seconds she cums, they all do after a face fucking that extreme. It's just how it works and it works every time. 

We fuck her to another orgasm and knock her back to her feet and fuck her face even harder. Pick her up and fuck her pussy rinse and repeat. Hailey doesn't know up from down. Hailey has been Sexually Broken and we aren't even close to done. We knock her down and tie a leg up, we finger blast her to a squirting orgasms. Her scream is primal as we make her cum and cum hard. We even pull out the vibrator and make her cum more. In the end Hailey has some form of liquid drooling out of every one of her holes, all she can do is lie their dazed, confused, and wondering what the fuck just happened.... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2013/01_07hailey3/SexuallyBroken-Hailey-Young-Matt-Williams-Sometimes-you-just-want-to-fuck-a-bitch-up-Hard-throat-pussy-fucking-squirting-brutal-orgasms.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

