Outlaw TV series

Created by 	John Eisendrath
											Starring 										Jimmy Smits
David Ramsey
Ellen Woglom
Carly Pope
Jesse Bradford
											Country of origin 	United States
Language(s) 	English
No. of seasons 	1
No. of episodes 	8 (List of episodes)

Executive producer(s) 									Conan O'Brien
Jimmy Smits
John Eisendrath
Richard Schwartz
David Kissinger
Marcos Siega
Amanda Green
Luke Reiter
Peter Elkoff
Running time 	43 minutes
Production company(s) 	Universal Media Studios
Conaco Productions

Original channel 	NBC
Original run 	September 14, 2010 (2010-09-14) ΓÇô November 12, 2010 (2010-11-12)


Outlaw is an American television series that was aired on the NBC network. The one-hour courtroom drama stars Jimmy Smits as a Supreme Court Justice who resigns from the bench to start his own law firm, as a way to more directly promote the ends of justice. The series premiered on Wednesday, September 15, 2010 (a day earlier in Canada), and began airing on Fridays beginning September 24. On October 11 Outlaw was announced as canceled by NBC and the remaining four episodes were moved to a Saturday time slot. The series finale aired on November 13, 2010.
Contents



The series was originally titled Rough Justice, and then briefly Garza. NBC green-lit the pilot, which was written by John Eisendrath, in late January 2010. In mid February, Terry George signed on to direct the pilot.

Jesse Bradford was the first actor cast in early March. Jimmy Smits was cast next to headline the drama. Carly Pope and David Ramsey came on board a few days later. Filming for the pilot took place in late March and April, with some exterior shots done in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and neighboring Bensalem, Atlantic City, New Jersey, and in the Arlington, Virginia area.

NBC announced in mid-May 2010 that the network had picked up the pilot for the 2010ΓÇô11 season. The series was expected to be produced in Los Angeles.

On October 6, NBC announced it had placed production of the series on hiatus due to low ratings for the first three episodes. The hiatus became permanent after ratings failed to improve for the October 8 broadcast. Eight of the planned thirteen episodes have been produced.

Four episodes had aired when NBC announced Outlaw's cancellation. The remaining four aired on Saturdays through November 13.
 													Cast

    * Jimmy Smits as Cyrus Garza
    * David Ramsey as Al Druzinsky
    * Ellen Woglom as Mereta Stockman
    * Carly Pope as Lucinda Pearl
    * Jesse Bradford as Eddie Franks
    * Melora Hardin as Claire Sax (recurring)