The Tiny Toon Adventures characters leave for their summer vacations after their term at Acme Looniversity ends. Babs and Buster Bunny have a water pistol fight, which eventually escalates into their flooding Acme Acres. The bunnies, along with Byron Basset, float from Acme Acres down to a river and end up in the southern United States, where they continuously avoid getting eaten by the river's residents. Fifi Le Fume is obsessed with film actor Johnny Pew and manages to track him down at the hotel at which he is staying. Fifi meets Johnny and he offers for her to spend time with him by carrying his luggage. Plucky Duck joins Hamton J. Pig and his family as they drive to the amusement park HappyWorldLand. The trip turns out to be very long and painful for Plucky, who becomes annoyed with the family's habits and is almost killed by an escaped convict who the Pigs mistake for a hitchhiker. Plucky endures to ride only HappyWorldLand's Monorail and then go home, severely disappointing him.
Meanwhile, Elmyra Duff becomes sulky after losing her cat Furrball. When her family visits a nature park, she wanders off on her own upon hearing that there are animals there and tortures them with her adoration. The animals escape by stealing her family's station wagon and leaving the park. Fowlmouth drags Shirley the Loon to see Skunknophobia, a film he has already seen 100 times. Fifi and Johnny attend the same film. Fowlmouth continuously talking through the film and is thrown out of the theater. Fifi gets annoyed when Johnny takes her photograph of him and signs it for another girl. Fifi kicks Johnny out of the theater, causing him to end up with Elmyra and becoming her new "kitty".
After realizing they are the main course at a dinner theater on a showboat, Babs and Buster escape with the help of Byron. They are chased down by the hungry animals they met throughout their journey, but are rescued by a banjo-playing possum Buster had befriended earlier. The escaped convict returns and tries to kill them as well; Buster, Babs, Byron and the possum try to escape in a mine cart. The four end up falling down a "plot hole" which leads them through Wackyland and back to Acme Acres just in time for school to start again. The film ends with the characters' return to the Looniversity for the fall semester of school.

Converted to 480x480 resolution for your handhelds, pulled it from the DVD rip thats up here and seeded pretty well, started at 700 Megs shrunk down to 376 Megs, perfect for your handhelds plus in my preferred format for fast uploading. And considering they are trying to sell VHS's of it on Amazon for 53$ I just wasnt having none of that....