Lucy Diamond: 6 Novels - Kindle + ePub - Barbie1710

Any Way You Want Me - EPUB, MOBI
On paper, Sadie’s got it all – the partner, the children, the house. But in real life, that doesn’t feel quite enough. Sadie can’t help harking back to the time when she was a career woman by day and a party animal by night. And what happened to feeling like a sex kitten, anyway? The only sleepless nights she’s getting now are due to the baby. Maybe a little reinvention is the answer... Sadie can’t resist creating a fictitious online identity for herself as a hot TV producer. It’s only a bit of harmless fun...until truth and fantasy become dangerously tangled. It isn’t long before she’s wondering if the exciting alter ego she has dreamed up really is the kind of person she wants to be after all... Wry, funny and with a wonderful twist in the tale, Any Way You Want Me is an enchanting novel of infidelity, motherhood and friends reunited that heralds the debut of a lovely new voice in fiction.

Over You - EPUB, MOBI
Josie, Nell and Lisa go back a long way – they were flatmates, soulmates and best mates back in their twenties when life was one long party. Five years later, things are different. Josie is married with kids in deepest suburbia, free-spirit Nell has travelled the world, and Lisa is on the path to career glory (and the salary Premiership). A reunion weekend in London seems a great idea to Josie . . . until she discovers something which will change the course of her life forever. 

Hens Reunited - AZW3, EPUB, MOBI
Katie, Georgia and Alice were at each other’s hen nights but now the chickens have come home to roost: their marriages have fallen apart and their friendships have been tested to the limits. Control-freak Katie has become a commitment-phobe – there’s no way she wants to get married again. Is there? Ambitious Georgia always puts her career first. If anyone gets hurt, it’s their look-out – right? And faithful Alice wants to make a fresh start, but can’t get over her cheating ex – and Georgia’s betrayal. Hearts have been broken, and feathers ruffled … can the hens ever be reunited?

Sweet Temptation - EPUB, MOBI
Maddie's getting it from all sides. Her bitchy new boss at the radio station humiliates her live on air about her figure, her glamour-puss mum keeps dropping not-so-subtle hints that Maddie should lose weight and her kids are embarrassed to be seen with her after the disastrous Mums race at their school sports day. Something's got to change¦ Maddie joins the local weight-watching group expecting more humiliation but instead finds two unlikely allies bitter divorcee Lauren who, despite running a dating agency, has signed off romance for ever and shy Jess, the beautician, who's desperate to fit into a size 10 wedding dress for her Big Day.

Beach Cafe - AZW3, EPUB, MOBI
Evie Flynn has always been the black sheep of her family - a dreamer and a drifter, unlike her over-achieving elder sisters. She's tried making a name for herself as an actress, a photographer and a singer, but nothing has ever worked out. Now she's stuck in temp hell, with a sensible, pension-planning boyfriend. Somehow life seems to be passing her by. Then her beloved aunt Jo dies suddenly in a car crash, leaving Evie an unusual legacy - her precious beach cafe in Cornwall. Determined to make a success of something for the first time in her life, Evie heads off to Cornwall to get the cafe and her life back on track - and gets more than she bargained for, both in work and in love...

Summer With My Sister - AZW3, EPUB, MOBI
Polly has always been the high-flier of the family, with the glamorous lifestyle to match. Clare is a single mum with two children, struggling to make ends meet in a ramshackle cottage. The two sisters are poles apart and can’t stand each other. But then Polly’s fortunes unexpectedly change and her world comes crashing down. With no money and nowhere to go, she’s forced back to the village where she and Clare grew up, and the sisters find themselves living together for the first time in years. With an old flame reappearing for Polly, a blossoming new career for Clare and a long-buried family secret in the mix, sparks are sure to fly. Unless the two women have more in common than they first thought?

This is a multi-tracker torrent.  Please check your Bit-Torrent client for the true number of seeds.  Enjoy & Please Seed
