Fractal Science Kit
 
The Fractal Science Kit fractal generator is a Windows program to generate a mathematical object called a fractal. The term fractal was coined by Benoit Mandelbrot in 1975 in his book Fractals: Form, Chance, and Dimension. In 1979, while studying the Julia set, Mandelbrot discovered what is now called the Mandelbrot set and inspired a generation of mathematicians and computer programmers in the study of fractals and fractal geometry. 

Like other mathematical ideas, fractals involve numbers and equations. Unlike most other mathematical ideas, fractals can be used to generate complex, beautiful images that appeal to mathematicians and children alike. Swirling spirals, endless self-similar repetitions receding into the distance, geometric objects arranged in infinitely complex patterns, plant-like creations, geologic designs, clouds, and more, comprise the fractal landscape. These wondrous patterns defy logic yet owe their very existence to mathematics and computers. See the Fractal Image Gallery for some examples of the myriad of fractal designs possible.
 
This is not to say that you must write code to use the Fractal Science Kit. On the contrary, hundreds of Built-in Programs are available and most of these provide options that yield countless variations. A fractal image is the result of combining an equation with data collection programs, complex transformations, and color controllers (the instructions that map the data to colors). By choosing different combinations of these programs/options, you can generate more fractal images than you could ever hope to view in your lifetime without ever writing a single line of code. See the Fractal Image Gallery for examples of what you can produce using only the Built-in Programs.
 
Supported OS:
 
Windows 7/vista/xp
 
Homepage: http://www.fractalsciencekit.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install program.
2. Run Application, click on file Tab and use given information to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 