The iPhone Book: Covers iPhone 4S, iPhone 4, and iPhone 3GS (5th Edition) 
by Scott Kelby and Terry White 
Peachpit Press | February 2012 | ISBN: 0321832760 | ePUB | 368 pages | 63.8 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/The-iPhone-Book-Covers-Edition/dp/0321832760

There are basically two types of iPhone books out there: 
(1) The “tell-me-all-about-it” kind, which includes in-depth discussions on everything from wireless network protocols to advanced compression codes. 
(2) Then there’s this book, which instead is a “show-me-how-to-do-it” book that skips all the confusing techno-jargon and just tells you, in plain, simple English, exactly how to use the iPhone features you want to use most.
The iPhone Book is from Scott Kelby, the award-winning author of the smash bestseller, The iPod Book. Scott takes that same highly acclaimed, casual, straight-to-the-point concept and layout and brings it to learning Apple’s amazing iPhone. Scott teams up once again with gadget guru and leading iPhone authority Terry White to put together a book that is an awful lot like the iPhone itself–simple to use and fun to learn. The book’s layout is brilliant, with each page covering just one single topic, so finding the information you need is quick and easy, with a large full-color photo on each page so you can see exactly how it works.

Contents
Chapter One. The Bare Essentials: 10 Things Brand New iPhone Users Need to Know
Chapter Two. Phoneheads: How to Use the Phone
Chapter Three. Message in a Bottle: Sending Text Messages
Chapter Four. App Anthem: Using Apps & the App Store
Chapter Five. Please Mr. Postman: Getting (and Sending) Email
Chapter Six. Surfin’ Safari: Using Safari, Your iPhone’s Web Browser
Chapter Seven. Tool Time: iPhone’s Tools for Organizing Your Life
Chapter Eight. Let’s Get Siri-us: How to Use Siri: Your Built-In Personal Assistant
Chapter Nine. McCloud: Keep Everything in Sync Using iCloud
Chapter Ten. The Song Remains the Same: Using iTunes and the iTunes Store
Chapter Eleven. I Got the Music in Me: Using Your iPhone’s Built-In iPod That’s Not Called an iPod
Chapter Twelve. Video Killed the Radio Star: Using the Videos App
Chapter Thirteen. One Hour Photo: Using Your Camera and Working with Photos and Videos
Chapter Fourteen. Cereal Killer: Killer Tips and Tricks
Chapter Fifteen. Setting Me Off: The Ins and Outs of Your iPhone’s Settings
Chapter Sixteen. The Trouble with Boys: Troubleshooting Your iPhone
Index