The Blues Brothers: Music from the Soundtrack was released on June 20, 1980 as the second album by the Blues Brothers Band, which also toured that year to promote the film. "Gimme Some Lovin'" was a Top 20 Billboard hit, peaking at number 18.[38] The album was a followup to their debut, the live album, Briefcase Full of Blues. Later that year they released a second live album, Made in America, which featured the Top 40 track, "Who's Making Love".[38]
The songs on the soundtrack album are a noticeably different audio mix than in the film, with a prominent baritone saxophone in the horn line (also heard in the film during "Shake a Tail Feather", though no bari sax is present), and female backing vocals on "Everybody Needs Somebody to Love", though the band had no backup singers in the film. A number of regular Blues Brothers' members, including saxophonist Tom Scott and drummer Steve Jordan, perform on the soundtrack album but are not in the film.
According to director Landis in the 1998 documentary The Stories Behind the Making of 'The Blues Brothers', filmed musical performances by Franklin and Brown took more effort, as neither artist was accustomed to lip-synching their performances on film. Franklin required several takes, and Brown simply rerecorded his performance live. Cab Calloway initially wanted to do a disco variation on his signature tune, "Minnie The Moocher", having done the song in several styles in the past, but Landis insisted that the song be done faithful to the original big band version.




	1.	She Caught The Katy - Jake
	2.	Peter Gunn Theme - strumentale (di Henry Mancini)
	3.	Gimme Some Lovin' - Jake
	4.	Shake a Tail Feather - Ray Charles/Jake & Elwood
	5.	Everybody Needs Somebody to Love - Jake & Elwood
	6.	The Old Landmark - James Brown
	7.	Think - Aretha Franklin
	8.	Theme From Rawhide - Jake & Elwood
	9.	Minnie the Moocher - Cab Calloway
	10.	Sweet Home Chicago - Jake & Elwood
	11.	Jailhouse Rock - Jake


320 Kbps Enjoy!