Angry Birds Anthology


1.Angry Birds



Excellent arcade game in which you must help the birds away back eggs stolen by evil pigs. Attack the pig with its battle birds, destroying their fortifications. Each level is unique and requires its own approach. v2.1.0


2.Angry Birds Seasons



New adventures Angry Birds came out on PC!.Soak up the spirit of Halloween, Christmas, Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day, Easter and other holidays. v2.3.0


3.Angry Birds Rio



A product of partnership Rovio and 20th Century Fox. The game takes place in the magical city of Rio, where, after the abduction, have been delivered, loved by many,evil birds. They eventually go away from the kidnappers and sent to rescue his friends, Blu and Jewel - rare parrots and heroes multfilma "Rio" from 20th Century Fox. v1.4.4

4.Angry Birds Space


Includes 60 levels for interstellar planets and in zero gravity, which provides exciting gameplay - from leisurely to the fast-paced action puzzle. It is the whole galaxy, which you will explore!. After a giant paw stole eggs Angry Birds, they follow it through the tunnel in space and find themselves floating in the mysterious galaxy surrounded by space hog! .Fortunately, Angry Birds have their own super powers ... v1.2.0


5.Angry Birds Star Wars



Start Angry Birds Star Wars classic: a long time ago, in a far, far galaxy ... a group of birds, the rebels faced a galactic threat: the evil imperial svinoshturmovikami. Dealing a blow to the secret base, bird Rebels won their first victory over the evil imperial pigs. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire superweapon, Svinozvezdy Death, and they race to deliver plans birds-rebels. Right now they need help.

6.Bad piggies



Externally, the game very much looks like the original Angry Birds set of elements - animation, sound design and mood. The new arcade game you will need to collect from the materials at hand tool to move, in which "bad pigs" can reach the cherished Stars. This can be a fun three-wheeled vehicle with wings, flying in two balls box or hybrid bike with an airship.


System requirements:

Operating system: Windows XP / Vista / 7
Processor: 1 GHz
Memory: 512 MB
Video: 256 MB
Sound card: compatible with DirectX 9.0

FOR 1-4
1. Install the game.(Dont Run)
2. Install Patch, run from the folder Patch file Patch.exe.
3. Run the game.
4. Activate the game with the key in the file Readme.txt.
5. Play.
FOR 5
1. Install the game.(Dont Run)
2. Copy Patch to the installation folder, run as administrator,
3. Run the game.
4. Activate the game with the key in the file Readme.txt.
5. Play
FOR 6
1. Install the game.(Dont Run)
2. Install Patch, run from the folder Patch file Patch.exe.
3. Run the game. ( NO KEY NEEDED)
