From Wikipedia:

The Marvel Fireside Books Series was a series of full-color trade paperbacks featuring Marvel Comics stories and characters co-published by Marvel and the Simon & Schuster division Fireside Books from 1974 to 1979.

The series enabled fans of the old comics to have access to the stories without having to pay exorbitant prices for the original back issues. It introduced new readers to the work of Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko, and other Marvel creators, and packaged the material in a traditional book format that carried more caché than the flimsy pamphlet style of a typical comic book. Many of the books featured painted covers illustrated by such artists as Bob Larkin, John Romita, Sr., and Earl Norem. In this way, the series was an antecedent to the now common practice of packaging "classic" stories into archival editions and trade paperback collections including Marvel's 1998 book Grandson of Origins of Marvel Comics.

------

One of the very first graphic novels, THE SILVER SURFER is written by Stan "The Man" Lee, pencilled by the late Jack "King" Kirby and inked by "Joltin'" Joe Sinnott. I think this was Lee & Kirby's last direct collaboration. It is certainly the only one of the Fireside books that is both a "real" comic book story and not a reprint.

If you know anything about Marvel history, Kirby had left for DC (when he created the New Gods and Darkseid) and part of his agreement to return to Marvel was he and Lee would produce this 100-plus page original graphic novel. It is truly awesome.

I don't think this takes place on the Marvel Universe Earth. No Fantastic Four or other guest stars, just Surfer and Galactus.

And I actually don't think this has ever been reprinted anywhere. I haven't researched it, but I suspect the copyright is held up by Simon & Schuster or by the estate of Jack Kirby. The copyright page in the book actually says it belongs to Stan & Jack and the work is based on characters owned by Marvel (in turn owned by Cadence). Very interesting.

As far as torrents go, I checked but couldn't find this book included in the Silver Surfer Comics on DVD torrent or the Silver Surfer Chronology series of torrents. I just don't think it's anywhere on TPB.

All credit to the original scanner.