Here are the titles:

The Modern art of Boxing, Daniel Mendoza 1790

Catch Westling Book,w to Catch Wrestle Based upon the Work of Frank Gotch, 
Robbins, 1934

Standing Catch as Catch Can Wrestling, Bacon Style 1937

Encylopedia of Wrestling (Indian)

Gene Lebell's Hnadbook of Judo

Wrestling and How to Train, Frank Gotch 1908

Ninja and Their Secret Fighting Art, Stephen Hayes

A Handbook of Wrestling, hugh F. Leonard 1897

Advanced Dim Mak, Hei Long

Art of Wrestling, Dick's and Fitzgerald 1887

Basic Battle Physical Training Boxing Wrestling, 1945

Boxing, Spalding Sports Series 1917

Boxing and Wrestling, Ed James 1878

Boxing, Edwin Haislet 1940

Championship Fighting, Jack Dempsey 1950

Combat Techniques of Taji, Xingyi, and Ba Gua, Lu Shengli

Combat Tai Chi, Paul Crompton

The Complete Science of Wrestling, George Hackenschmidt 1909

Video - Greco Roman Throws

Green Beret Combatives or Self Defense, Aaron Banks

Icelandic Wrestling, Johnaness Joseffson

Judo in 41 Lessons, T Shozo Kuwashima and Ahbel R. Welch

Kyolushin Karate Book (Author Unknown)

Lessons in Wrestling and Physical Culture, Farmer Burns 1908

Lost Fighting Arts of Vietnam, Dr. Haha Lung

Video - Olympic Wrestling Takedowns (Russsian, but high quality)

Video - Olympic Wrestling Takedowns 2

Phoenix Eye Fist - Shaolin Fighting Art of Southern China, Cheong Cheng Leong and DOn F. Draeger

Physical Culture and Self Defense, Robert (Bob) Fistzsimmons 1901

Prison's Bloody Iron, Harold Jenks

Scientific Boxing, James Corbett 1912

Secrets of Hakkoryu Jujutsu - Shodan Tactics, Dennis G. Palumbo

Shaoling Chin na - Secrets of Catch and Hold Li Jin Sheng

The Deceptie Hands of Wing Chun, Douglas Wong

The Complete Scinece of Wrestling Jiu Jitsu, Earle Liederman 1923

US Naval Course for Amphibious Scouts and Raiders 1945

Wrestling Syllabus, Stan Dzeidzic

Wrestling can Cumberland West More Land All in Styles, E.J. Harrison 1960

Xin Yi Quan Xue, Sun Lu Tang (Chinese)

Chin na grappling (Spanish)

Kung Fu, Zarko Modric

Street Fighting, Glen Carpenter


These are NOT stupid web pages that have been converted to html readable format. These are actual books that have been scanned. Lots of effort went into this. 

Most of the books cannot be bought and most if not all of the authors are probably dead. 

I had this torrent on initial seeding but my computer crashed so I put it up again.

Enjoy and please seed.