Clive Cussler-Dirk Pitt 22-Poseidon's Arrow-Unabridged CD rip

Author: Clive Cussler & Dirk Cussler
Read by: Scott Brick
Run Time: (13:11:59)
Edition: Unabridged.
Publisher: Recorded Books LLC
Date: 2012

"Dirk Pitt is oceanography's answer to Indiana Jones," praises the Associated Press. "Exotic locations, ruthless villains and many narrow escapes-Cussler's fans come for swashbuckling [and] he delivers."

And now the Cusslers bring us Pitt's most dangerous adventure of all.

It is the greatest advance in American defense technology in decades-an attack submarine capable of incredible underwater speeds. Nothing else in any other nation's naval arsenal even comes close. There is only one problem: A key element of the prototype is missing-and the man who developed it is dead.

At the same time, ships have started vanishing mid-ocean, usually never to be found again, but when they are, sometimes bodies are found aboard . . . burned to a crisp.What is going on? And what does it have to do with an Italian submarine that itself disappeared in 1943, lost at sea? Or was she?

It is up to NUMA director Dirk Pitt and his team, aided by a beautiful NCIS agent and by Pitt's children, marine engineer Dirk and oceanographer Summer, to go on a desperate international chase to find the truth, from Washington to Mexico, Idaho to Panama. What they discover at the end of it is a much, much greater threat than even they imagined.
If they don't succeed in their mission, the world as they know it might end up a very different place-and not a pleasant one.

Filled with breathtaking suspense and extraordinary imagination, Poseidon's Arrow is further proof that when it comes to adventure writing, nobody beats Clive Cussler.

About the Authors
-----------------
Clive Cussler is the author or coauthor of more than fifty previous books in five bestselling series, including Dirk Pitt┬«, NUMA┬« Files, OregonFiles, Isaac Bell, and Fargo. His most recent New York Times-bestselling novels are The Race, The Storm,and The Tombs. His nonfiction works include Built for Adventure: The Classic Automobiles of Clive Cussler and Dirk Pitt, plus The Sea Hunters and The Sea Hunters II; these describe the true adventures of the real NUMA, which, led by Cussler, searches for lost ships of historic significance. With his crew of volunteers, Cussler has discovered more than sixty ships, including the long-lost Confederate ship Hunley.He lives in Arizona.
 
Dirk Cussler, an MBA from Berkeley, worked for many years in the financial arena and now devotes himself full-time to writing. He is the coauthor with Clive Cussler of Black Wind, Treasure of Khan, Arctic Drift,and Crescent Dawn.For the past several years, he has been an active participant and partner in his father's NUMA expeditions and has served as president of the NUMA advisory board of trustees. He lives in Arizona.