Squids 1.0 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$6.99
Category: Games
Released: Mar 01, 2012
Version: 1.0.0
Size: 710 MB
Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish
Seller: The Game Bakers
© The Game Bakers
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6 or later, 64-bit processor

Description

#1 RPG in 34 countries on iPhone and iPad!
Loved by gamers all around the world: 5 stars rating!

"The adorable spawn of Angry Birds and Final Fantasy Tactics" -The Escapist 
"From the gameplay to the graphics to the sound, everything here is pitch-perfect." - GameZebo (5/5) 
"A kinetic, clean, charming, and particularly streamlined entry that has a ton of character, fun, and unique constructs to share." - Touch Arcade
"SQUIDS is the game I was waiting for since the creation of the App Store. A master piece." ApplicationiPhone

SQUIDS is a unique mix of action strategy and RPG, where you build your team of Squid heroes for epic turn-based battles against corrupted crabs and shrimps!

Steev, Vahine and the rest of the Squids are in danger! An infectious black ooze is corrupting their world. Only a few heroes can fight back and save their lush underwater kingdoms! Recruit a small army of stretchy Squids and lead them into turn-based battles against the dark hordes.

Features 
• Grab Squids by the tentacles, then fling them across the battlefield 
• A unique mix of turn-based tactics and classic RPG elements 
• Recruit a unique team of Squids in four different classes: shooters, scouts, troopers and healers 
• Use strategy and skill to win turn-based battles, use the environment to your advantage
• Customize your party with special ability-boosting helmets 
• Enjoy an epic story with giant turtle rides and heroic boss battles 
• Discover the Squids' legendary world through gorgeous detailed levels 

The game is localized in English, German, French, Spanish and Italian.

For the latest info on SQUIDS, or to ask us a question, check us out on Twitter @SquidsTheGame or Facebook/SquidsTheGame

No Squids were harmed during the making of this game.