 https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sky-gamblers-storm-raiders/id574375380?mt=8

THIS IS THE ULTIMATE WWII AIR COMBAT GAME! YouΓÇÖll participate in visceral dogfights, protect
cities and fleets, bomb enemy structures and even fly through tunnels. Everything is set up in accurately
recreated real life locations like Pearl Harbor, Coast of Dover, Midway, Germany and France.

AMAZING QUALITY AND ITΓÇÖS ONLY ON iOS!
Unparalleled visuals, special effects and audio including: specular masks, bump mapping, atmospheric
scattering, volumetric clouds with realistic lighting, sun glare, day & night transitions, God rays, high
definition textures, 4x anisotropic filtering, High Dynamic Range (HDR) rendering, radial blur, heat haze,
refractive raindrops and more!

IMMERSIVE GAMEPLAY
Take off and land on landing strips and carriers. You will fly in fully recreated cities with realistic
weather, accurate atmospheric scattering with aerial perspective and highly detailed planes with
interactive cockpits.

HUGE HISTORIC FLEET
Fly highly detailed WWII top aces planes. Watch the progressive damage affecting planes and finally
being shredded into pieces.

HUGE COLLECTION OF ONLINE MODES 
Invite your friends to play online! Choose between cooperative and competitive modes: Survival, Last
Man Standing, Free Flight, Free for All, Team Match, Capture the Flag and the new Assault. Use Game
Center head to head with Voice Chat for the ultimate duel experience.

GAME CENTER, AirPlay and iCloud
Since this all takes place on Apple devices, iCloud support has been integrated so players can save
and share progress across devices while AirPlay allows them to use an Apple TV to play the game on a
large display. Climb the Game Center leaderboards, challenge friends and unlock all achievements.

UNIVERSAL APP
Play Sky Gamblers: Storm Raiders on iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPad, iPad 2, 3 rd
gen iPad and the new iPad, iPod touch 3, iPod touch 4 and iPod touch 5 for one low price.

Online play requires a Wi-Fi or 3G/4G internet connection.

Please send us your impressions and suggestions, help us identify bugs. We want to make your gaming
experience the best youΓÇÖve ever had. Please visit our support site at www.atypicalgames.com/support.

Like us on Facebook:
Follow us on Twitter @sg_stormraiders