Contains:
---------
NEW 34 MINS! footage in WAYYYYYY better quality than what i had earlier (1080p is coming bear with me)
Documentary - The Story of Felix Baumgartner (like 48 mins long)

Red Bull Stratos, a mission to the edge of space, will attempt to transcend human limits that have existed for 50 years. Supported by a team of experts Felix Baumgartner plans to ascend to 120,000 feet in a stratospheric balloon and make a freefall jump rushing toward earth at supersonic speeds before parachuting to the ground. His attempt to dare atmospheric limits holds the potential to provide valuable medical and scientific research data for future pioneers.

The Red Bull Stratos team brings together the world's leading minds in aerospace medicine, engineering, pressure suit development, capsule creation and balloon fabrication. It includes retired United States Air Force Colonel Joseph Kittinger, who holds three of the records Felix will strive to break.

Joe's record jump from 102,800 ft in 1960 was during a time when no one knew if a human could survive a jump from the edge of space. Joe was a Captain in the U.S. Air Force and had already taken a balloon to 97,000 feet in Project ManHigh and survived a drogue mishap during a jump from 76,400 feet in Excelsior I. The Excelsior III mission was his 33rd parachute jump.

Although researching extremes was part of the program's goals, setting records wasn't the mission's purpose. Joe ascended in helium balloon launched from the back of a truck. He wore a pressurized suit on the way up in an open, unpressurized gondola. Scientific data captured from Joe's jump was shared with U.S. research personnel for development of the space program. Today Felix and his specialized team hope to take what was learned from Joe's jumps more than 50 years ago and press forward to test the edge of the human envelope.


Side Note - DAMN YT was hurting on this one, shockwave of searches and people wanting to see it slammed poor Googles servers to a crawl. Redbulls site was down most of this as well cuz of so many people wanting to see it. No this isnt the Discovery channel version, took me about an hour of hardcore searching just to get a replay of it. Theres a few other videos included with this just to help keep the story together as well.	1080p is coming(Just taking FOREVER to get here and convert to 1080). This may not be perfect, my torrents aren't known for HD or nothing so i apologize if somethings off here. Sorry its in FLV format, i would've converted to avi or MP4 but screw making you all wait even longer for someone to throw something up.SORRY bout the language, the commentatory is French or Swedish(I BELIEVE, sad im a canuck who can't tell lol) but the spoken language from ground control and from Felix is in english.