Release Date: November 12, 2007 
Release date in Russia: 29 November 2007 
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 1st Person 
Developer: Midway Studios Austin 
Publisher: Midway Games 
New Disk 
Language: English / Russian 
Language voice : Russian / English 
Publication Type: RePack 
Crack: enclosing 
Platform: PC

Operating System: Microsoft Windows XP / Vista / Se7en 
Processor: Intel Pentium IV 3.0 GHz or equivalent AMD Athlon 
Memory: 1 GB 
Video: class GeForce 7600 or Radeon X1600 or higher with 256 MB memory, compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c 
Sound Card : Sound device compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0 
Free space on hard disk: 11GB

Description of
Nevada, a small town of Rachel, located 85 miles northeast of the gambling capital of the world Las Vegas. Unremarkable, except for one "but": located near the base, formally belonging to the Air Force USA - Zone 51. Also, the assurances of official sources, based mainly engaged in the development and testing of advanced military aircraft. At least, so thought until now - until the streets of a provincial town is not overrun the hordes of alien monsters ...

The team consists of members of the elite army unit, players will find out what happened behind the walls of one of the most secret facilities in the United States. Blacksite - atmospheric sci-fi thriller with an exciting, non-trivial plot and a lot of surprises (the author made ΓÇïΓÇïSusan O'Connor - screenwriter of the cult Gears of War). At the height of a graphic component - the game uses Unreal Engine 3 tech. Fans of diversity have access to a new generation gameplay shuternuyu rich tactical elements. In addition, the game has a system of morality men: the commander of the stress depends on the spirit and the will to win the whole team.

Features
"The ultra-modern graphics engine Unreal Engine 3.0 - a visual perfection of the new generation. 
"Maximum control platoon. Victory in any war depends on how well the men interact with each other. Therefore command the soldiers carried with one click - fast, easy and convenient. In addition, along with an extensive arsenal of army soldiers used a variety of military equipment. 

"Artificial intelligence is a new generation of aggressive opponents and drive insane war for survival - an extraordinary spectacle in which you are taking a direct part.