RELEASE NOTES 

Alma is expecting and a new level of terror grows as you and your 
cannibal brother battle through a hellish nightmare. Fight together or  
die alone on a deadly mission to confront your twisted mother. Players 
can take on the role of Point Man, a genetically enhanced soldier with  
superhuman reflexes and the ability to manipulate time, or the undead  
spirit of his brother Paxton Fettel, a paranormal entity who possesses  
incredible psychic powers.                                              
                                                                       
Features:                                                            
                                                                      
Blood Runs Deep, F.E.A.R. Runs Deeper: F.E.A.R. 3 delivers all the      
hallmarks that define the F.E.A.R. brand: terrifying paranormal         
experience, frenetic combat and a dramatic storyline.                   
                                                                       
Never Face Fear Alone: F.E.A.R. 3 evolves the brand, introducing        
Divergent Co-op: deep, social gameplay that gives players distinctly    
different abilities that affect their own play as well as the          
experience of gamers they are playing withΓÇª or against.                
                                                                        
Frenetic Combat: Active 360 degree cover, evolutionary slow-mo modes,  
scoring systems and best in class mech- combat aid players in facing an 
army of soldiers and paranormal enemies.                                
                                                                        
Experience the Almaverse: The game world is tainted by the Almaverse,  
the alternate dimension where Alma's psychic essence subsists. New      
sinister and fantastical enemy creatures birthed in AlmaΓÇÖs warped mind 
spill into reality and intensify the panic.                             
                                                                       
Generative System: Proprietary technology creates random events to      
increase the feeling of isolation and unpredictability when playing     
alone or with a friend, and offers new experiences each time gamers     
play through.                                                           
                                                                        
Masters of Horror: Legendary film director John Carpenter and writer    
Steve Niles provide their expertise and guidance to take F.E.A.R. 3's   
intensity to the next level. Niles co-wrote the twisted storyline that  
reveals the motivations and family dynamics of the main characters, and 
Carpenter helped craft the cinematics for maximum storytelling and      
fright factor.                                                          


INSTALL NOTES      
                                                
1. Install                                                                    
2. Play the game from desktop shortcut                                                       
3. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!            


 ADDITIONAL NOTES  


Use our included Language.exe file from F.E.A.R 3-=AviaRa dir for changing languages! 


More info and support here:
 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=15010.0


We are looking for nice coders
We are looking for seeders
We are looking for people who could help us
We are looking for Games Helpers
we are looking for peope with seedbox


If you think you are one of those contact us at contact@gamerszone.ro

How To Get Your Maxspeed (uTorrent)

Torrent Client - Preferences - Bandwidth - Number of connections - Set aprox. 500 for each
Torrent Client - Preferences - BiTorrent - Protocol Encryption - Forced
Bandwidth Allocation - High (Set download/upload limit - Unlimited)
Stop Other Active Torrents - Start downloading and wait for connections.
Enjoy and Seed for at least 1:1 ratio. Don't forget to say thanks/leave reviews. 

Check my user for more games: 

 
http://thepiratebay.se/user/aviara/

AviaRa Team



                                                      
                
