Donner Pass: Southern Pacific



Developed by : RailSimulator.com | Type of distribution : Add-On | Language : English | Year : 2011 | Compatibility : TS2012 11.0b or higher | Release Date: 24 Nov 2011 | Genre: Simulation



About the Game
Donner Pass: Southern Pacific puts you to the test on this world-famous railroad where engineers deal with steep grades, tight curves and seriously heavy trains as part of a dayΓÇÖs work. With more than 140 miles of track between Roseville and Reno and the dramatic Sierra Nevada landscape of the Donner Pass itself, there are hours of pleasure to be had driving through this incredible part of North America.

The first railroad through the Sierra Nevada mountains was opened by the Central Pacific Railroad way back in the 1860s, the culmination of a significant engineering challenge with a combination of tunnel-building and tough weather high in the mountains causing numerous problems for the Chief Engineer and his team. The line has changed ownership over the years, and different operators have chopped and changed the track layout and tunnel system in the Donner Pass region in order to keep maintenance costs manageable whilst keeping the railroad operational throughout the seasons.

Donner Pass: Southern Pacific puts you at the controls of Southern Pacific diesels in the early-1990s, taking trains between Roseville, California and Reno, Nevada through the foothills of the Sierra Nevada and high up through the incredible 7,000-foot Donner Pass. The trains are heavy, the railroad is tough and the scenery is awesome. So, start the motor, you have some real challenges ahead...

Includes:
140+ mile railroad line between Roseville Yard, California and Reno, Nevada including the world-famous Donner Pass.

5 diesel locomotives in early 1990s-era Southern Pacific livery:
SW1500 Diesel Switcher
GP9 Diesel Locomotive
SD40-2 Diesel Locomotive
SD40T-2 Diesel Locomotive ('Tunnel Motor')
C44-9W Diesel Locomotive
Scenarios:

5 Free roam scenarios:

Colfax Depot
Truckee Yard
Sparks Yard
Donner Pass
Roseville Yard
7 Standard/Career scenarios:

Doing it Right: Switching freight cars at Roseville Yard
Get Involved: Helping a heavy train over Donner Pass
Together as One: Rescuing a failed train
Cold Play: Inspection of the line in winter
Under Pressure: Drive a heavy train over Donner Pass / weather condition 1
Grade Crossing: Drive a heavy train over Donner Pass / weather condition 2

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2012
Set the selected files. Rwp via Package Manager.


Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"



Visit Us At:   
http://www.railgamer.co.uk/


More Torrents over at:      
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/


Like Us On Facebook:
Search "Rail Gamer"
To keep up to date on new releases