THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image.php?id=716F_4F425738

Asuras Wrath XBOX360-COMPLEX

Asura's Wrath finds Asura facing off against numerous distinct enemies, including planetary sized bosses. 
Through a mix of range attacks and visceral close quarter action players will fill Asura's 'Burst Gauge,' 
unleashing the full force of his rage and delivering devastating attacks on those who betrayed him. Asura's 
story of revenge will be told through episodic gameplay, taking the player on a journey of highs and lows 
and adopting a structure that is similar to a TV drama series. 

Features:

New type of action game: Asuras Wrath will seamlessly blend action and narrative and will adopt an episodic 
nature, more akin to a TV drama series.

Relentless action: Asuras Wrath keeps placing gamers in tight situations and says now get out of that.

What the ?: Unique enemies and planetary sized bosses will continually challenge players’ expectations.

Innovative setting and story: Fusing Asian mythology with sci fi, Asuras Wraths universe will be truly unique.

Collaboration with Cyber Connect2: Continues Capcoms strategy of partnering with the best developers to 
produce titles to complement its own internal projects.

A range of unique enemies and planetary sized bosses will continually challenge players expectations.

Asuras Wrath seamlessly blends action with narrative, adopting an episodic nature more akin to a TV drama series.

Beat em Up gameplay that places gamers in tight situations and that forces you to fight to survive.

Innovative setting and story that fuses Asian mythology with sci-fi, to create a universe that is truly unique

Play as Asuras rival Yasha and adopt a different playing style, traveling at lightning fast speed across environments.

Platform: XBOX 360 
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD3
Size: 1 DVD
Languages: English 
Genre: Action    

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image.php?id=3EF4_4F425738 
http://www.freeimage.us/image.php?id=15B3_4F425738