 .:Release info:.
Original Name: ParaNorman
Aka: El alucinante mundo de Norman
title: ParaNorman
Release Date: 8/17/2012
Genre: Animation | Adventure | Comedy | Fantasy | Horror
Certification: PG
Rating: 7.5 / 10
Studio: Focus Features
Tagline: It's all fun and games until someone raises the dead.
Imdb Url: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1623288
TmDb Url: http://www.themoviedb.org/movie/77174
Trailer Url:
Storyline:
In the town of Blithe Hollow, Norman Babcock is a boy who can speak to the dead, but no one besides his eccentric new friend, Neil, believes his ability is real. One day,

Norman's estranged eccentric uncle tells him of an important annual ritual he must take up to protect the town from an curse cast by a witch it condemned centuries ago.

Eventually, Norman decides to cooperate, but things don't go according to plan. Now, a magic storm of the witch threatens Blithe Hollow as the accursed dead rise. Together

with unexpected new companions, Norman struggles to save his town, only to discover the horrific truth of the curse. With that insight, Norman must resolve the crisis for

good as only he can.

.:Cast Info:.
Cast:
Anna Kendrick ... Courtney
John Goodman ... Mr. Prenderghast
Leslie Mann ... Sandra Babcock
Casey Affleck ... Mitch
Jodelle Ferland ... Aggie
Christopher Mintz-Plasse ... Alvin
Kodi Smit-McPhee ... Norman Babcock
Bernard Hill ... The Judge
Tucker Albrizzi ... Neil
Alicia Lagano ... Female Tourist
Jeremy Shada ... Pug
Scott Menville ... Deputy Dwayne, Rapper G
Ariel Winter ... Blithe Hollow Kid
Alex Borstein ... Mrs. Henscher
Tempestt Bledsoe ... Sheriff Hooper
Denise Faye ... Blithe Hollow Townspers
Elaine Stritch ... Grandma


.:General Info:.
File Size: 632 MiB
Duration: 1h 32mn
Source: Blu-Ray
Format: MPEG-4
Sample: Included
SubTitles: English

.:Video Info:.
Container: mp4
Aspect ratio(AR): 2.40:1
Frame Rate: 23.976 fps

.:Audio Info:.
Audio Codec: AAC
Channel Count: 2 channels (Front: L R)
Audio language: English