Is MP4 the new BetaMax in a VHS world?
Is AVI a "horse & buggy" in the automotive age?
Now you too can be both kinds of snob!

Coming completely clean about two things I'm currently doing.

1) You already know and trust me as MP4SUX, encoder of XVID AVI.

2) I've recently begun offering x264.MP3 AVI files because ...

There is this SourceForge project - MP4Cam2AVI - Current version 2.98

It is a completely LossLess conversion process.
I call it CC2AVI - Container Conversion To AVI.
As it is a description - feel free to use it as a universal moniker.
It allows you to "pour" X264 MP4 encodes into an AVI container.
You can choose to keep the AAC audio in the conversion.
However, among others, VLC doesn't recognize AAC audio in an AVI container.
So I convert the audio to MP3 for universal compatibility.

Conversion takes about a minute, depending on file size.
The only flaw is if the source has a glitch, so will your AVI.
Garbage in, Garbage out.

Have all those MP4 files and an old tablet that can't play them?
Want to use your favorite AVI editing tools?
Wish you could back up frame by frame in Media Player Classic?
Now you too can turn (almost) any MP4 encode into your favorite AVI.
About 5% of MP4 files won't work (divide by zero error), but the rest will.

Which is why MP4SUX will continue to offer some AVI XVID encodes.
More if requested, but people don't seem to do that here.

I choose to remain (mostly) anonymous because we are being watched.
... OK, because I'm paranoid ... that doesn't mean we're not being watched.
I don't do movies (MPAA) or music (RIAA), but I'm still not sure if it's safe.
So, I sacrifice any chance of "trusted" status on TPB.
A small price to pay to offer something that has proven value.
You don't need to know me - you only need to know my work.

I NEVER claim an x264 encoding credit. I GIVE proper credit where due.
I toyed with the idea of replacing the file's moniker with "CC2AVI".
But that would be wrong ... for me at least.

My offerings are clearly identifiable:
use search term "MP4SUX"
use search term "x264.MP3*.avi"
Without quotes for TPB.
With quotes for Google.

TPB is very good at removing fakes - dozens comment and then it's removed.
Remember, if you see "it's a fake" and it's not removed - it's NOT a fake.
But have some compassion - comments cannot be removed once made on TPB.
You should click on the handle of such comments and see if THEY offer anything.
So far (fingers crossed) I have had nothing removed from TPB.

This is MY labor of love.
I make no money, I seek no credit & I am NOT affiliated with anyone but you.
Anonymous or not, I have a growing track record of doing my bit responsibly.
Competition and choice are my watchwords in cyberspace.
Anything I can do - you can do better!
I would love nothing more than for you to go into competition with me.

MP4SUX
