Blues-rock legends Jack Bruce (bassist for the ground-breaking 1960s-era band Cream) and guitarist Robin Trower, a long-ago member of British rockers, Procol Harum, and a successful solo artist, have teamed up once again to release their first live CD and DVD together.

Seven Moons Live was filmed in February, 2009 in front of a raucous, enthusiastic audience in Nijmegen, Holland. The fourteen-song performance features eight songs from the pair's 2008 studio album, Seven Moons, as well as new versions of three classic Cream songs.  The interplay between Trower's stinging leads and Bruce's ever-present bass tones is nearly seamless, the two musicians appearing, for all intents and purposes, like they've been performing alongside each other for years. Drummer Gary Husband is a solid timekeeper, seldom flashing or jumping over-the-top, but always apparent in the mix, complimenting the string play of the two superstar front men.

The show starts with the DVD's namesake, Seven Moons opening with a brief guitar intro reminiscent of Hendrix's Little Wing. The band falls into a power trio groove quite easily.  Trower has been the base of such musical pyramids most of his decades-long career; and the voice of Jack Bruce is still a hearty, warm instrument. The deep groove of Lives Of Clay could pass for a long-lost Cream song, the heady bassline taking the listener back to 1968.

She's Not The One (one of the bonus tracks not included on the CD) is an up-tempo Chicago-blues-via-old-London styled barn-burner. While Trower scrapes and tears at the strings, achieving vibrations sounding not unlike his early-70s work, the BruceΓÇÖs jackhammer bass notes pounce from your speakers and grab you by the ears.

When Bruce and Trower do take a trip back in time some forty years to revisit the Cream catalog, the results are predictably impressive. Beneath Bruce's familiar bass riff, Trower embroiders a raw, tough-as-nails solo on Sunshine Of Your Love. Fingers low on the fretboard, the guitar screams like a bird of prey descending on the unsuspecting audience. The big finish, with an extended instrumental crescendo, leaves the crowd speechless before they erupt into applause.

If the Bruce/Trower take on Sunshine Of Your Love was stunning, their cover of Cream's White Room is beyond adjectives. Bruce's well-worn bass riff and familiar vocals are complimented by a majestic soundtrack. Although Trower plays by the Clapton blueprint for much of the song, when he cuts loose with his cosmic solo, he takes ol' Slowhand's original outline into the stratosphere, bending strings and tearing off notes as if he's experiencing a dervish-like trance. Backed by Bruce's raging four strings and Husband's sledgehammer drumbeats, the guitarist transcends the songΓÇÖs classic rock roots, and transforms it into something truly magical.

When Jack Bruce apologizes at the end of the show, saying, "Us old guys, we get it right eventually," it is perceived as a moment of levity by the audience.  After all, these guys have seldom gotten it wrong, and what they accomplish with these fourteen songs is a brilliant fusion of electric blues and hard rock, delivering a breathtaking showcase of instrumental virtuosity that will entertain any viewer who enjoys guitar-driven, blues-rock performances.

Enjoy, and please seed.
