CDRoller v9.40.50.1 Incl Patch ~HuNtEr~

CDRoller is a powerful, easy-to-use and low-cost toolset for CD/ DVD/ BD/ HD-DVD/ Flash data recovery. CDRoller finds, retrieves, and copies the lost data from CD/DVD/s, and Blu-Ray discs (BD and HD-DVD) that seem to be inaccessible for Windows standard tools. It features effectively retrieves the discs data created by drag and drop CD/DVD/BD writing software, finds, and recovers a video and photos created by Sony digital cameras, DVD camcorders and personal DVD recorders, includes a built-in UDF Reader, retrieves back up files from the multisession discs, finds and recovers accidentally deleted files, and includes a built-in DVD-video splitter.

image


Features:
Effectively retrieves the lost data from the discs created by “drag and drop” CD/DVD/BD writing software, such as well-known Sonic (Roxio, Adaptec) and Ahead Nero software packages, CeQuadrat’s PacketCD, DLA, B’s CLiP and others.
Reads unfinalized (“open”, “left as-is”) CDs and DVDs, including the discs with Microsoft’s Live File system created under Windows 7 and Vista.
Includes an own UDF Reader. No need to install 3-rd party software in order to read an old UDF discs on your new machine under Windows 7 or Vista.
Offers all-in-one toolset for DVD Video Recovery. Finds and recovers the lost DVD movies, converts VOB or VRO data into generic MPG files and, finally, makes a new disc that can be played back in the most DVD players.
Finds, identifies and retrieves the lost video and photos off non-finalized DVDs created by a wide set of standalone devices that record directly onto discs: Hitachi, Canon, Panasonic, Samsung and Sony DVD camcorders as well as standalone video recorders.
Recovers CD data written by Sony Mavica CD digital cameras.
Retrieves the lost pictures, video and other types of files from flash memory cards, such as SmartMedia, Memory Stick, CompactFlash, xD Picture Card and other flash memory drives.
Finds and retrieves accidently deleted files, files located in the corrupted folders, files on incorrectly closed disks, etc.
And more…

Install Notes
1. Install program
2. Run the Patch
3. Run the Program



~HuNtEr~