The seventh edition of the benchmark evidence-based pharmacotherapy text--now in full color!

Includes Online Learning Center--that features 11 additional chapters, learning objectives, interactive questions, and more!

A Doody's Core Title ESSENTIAL PURCHASE!

4 STAR DOODY'S REVIEW!
"This book is, by far, one of the best in pharmacy. It is an exceptionally useful reference for both pharmacists and pharmacy students. It communicates a wealth of information that is well researched and referenced. The seventh edition is a much needed update."--Doody's Review Service

When it comes to helping you develop a mastery of evidence-based medicine for optimal patient outcomes, no book can match Pharmacotherapy: A Pathophysiologic Approach. Like the discipline it covers, the scope of this trusted resource goes beyond drug indications and dosages to include the initial selection, proper administration, and monitoring of drugs. Pharmacotherapy delivers everything you need to know to provide safe, effective drug therapy across the full range of therapeutic categories.

The book also delves into psychosocial issues that affect compliance--topics related to a patient's ability to understand and manage often-complex therapy--and lifestyle changes that may reduce the need for drug therapy or improve pharmacotherapeutic outcomes.

FEATURES

Key Concepts in each chapter
Critical Presentation boxes that summarize common disease signs and symptoms
Clinical Controversies boxes that examine complicated issues you face when providing drug therapy
Therapeutic recommendations in each disease-specific chapter
Evaluation of Therapeutic Outcomes Information in each disease-specific chapter containing key monitoring guidelines
NEW MATERIAL! including chapters on Pulmonary Hypertension, Disorders of Calcium and Phosphorous Homeostatis, and Multiple Myeloma
NEW! Expanded evidence-based recommendations
NEW! Extended coverage of the timely issue of palliative care and pain medicine