Follow my uploads here:                        
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                         
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: Android 2.2 and up
Overview: Workout planner and journal / log with hundreds of weightlifting and cardio exercises, routines, progress tracking and gym tools such as stopwatch to help you achieve your fitness goals! Gymrat is for fitness enthusiasts, serious bodybuilders, and weightlifting beginners.

Workout planner and journal / log with hundreds of weightlifting and cardio exercises, routines, progress tracking and gym tools such as stopwatch to help you achieve your fitness goals! Gymrat is for fitness enthusiasts, serious bodybuilders, and weightlifting beginners.

Discover new weightlifting and cardio exercises with easy search and filtering. Create your own gym routines with custom goals and supersets or follow the built-in ones. Track your workout progress with charts and graphs. Track vital statistics such bmi, body fat, blood pressure, pulse, glucose and weight tracker. Record your body measurements such as chest, arms, waist and gym benchmark exercises such as push ups, pull ups, and bench press. Utilize stopwatch and countdown timer tools for other gym tasks.

* Exercise database: 300 exercises and more in later updates. Weight lifting and cardio exercises are available and custom exercises can be added. Exercises are grouped by body part such as abs, core, biceps, chest, shoulders, glutes and calves. Each exercise is searchable by name, fitness difficulty and gym equipment.

* Routines: six built-in routines are included focusing on beginners, core, strength training, travel and others. Several new workouts are added with each update. Create custom routines for weight training, general workout, strength training, bodybuilding, bulking, cutting, resistance training, etc. You can reorder, add, delete, and superset each exercise. Optional rest timer is available.


What's in this version:
v0.9.4 Jul 11
Bugfix for existing users who upgraded to v0.9.3 on Jul 9, 2012 and had their custom exercises erased due to SQL database bug. I apologize!
1. Re-add them w/ same exact case-sensitive names (look up the names in logs)
2. Your logs are unaffected. But you can't graph or see them in list of exercises until you re-add them

                                By bobiras2009		