Description

Champions aren't born. They're made.
The ONLY official "Real Steel" game on App Store. 
★★★★★ "Game looks fun as hell."  - Gizmodo
★★★★★ "Real Steel is a solid winner." – iPhoneappreview

The Smash Hit with over 5 Million Downloads across all platforms.

Based on the Dreamworks movie, starring Hugh Jackman, Real Steel is an underworld fighting game set in the near-future, where 2,000 pound robots fight in a no-holds barred battles to the death. 

Experience the fights with the Robots in the movie such as – Atom ‘The People’s Champion’; Zeus ‘King of the Robots’; Twin Cities ‘Two Headed Tower of Power; Ambush ‘The Comic Book Crusher’, Noisy Boy ‘The Manga Mangler’; Midas ‘The Gold-Blooded Killer’; Metro ‘Frankenstein’s Monster of the Ring’; Blacktop ‘The Bot Out of Hell’; Six Shooter ‘The Sheriff of RoboTown’; BlacJac ‘ The Casino Bot with an Amazing Hand’; Blue Bot ‘The Electric Blue Brawler’; Aqua Bot ‘The Diver Bot from the Deep’; 

✓ New robot released – GRIDLOCK ‘The Bronzed Bodybuilder Bot’
✓iPhone 5 now supported
✓ Build Your Own Robot 
✓ Two Game Modes – Tournament and Free Sparring
✓ Official robots from the Real Steel movie
✓Customize your own Robot from over a 1000 unique possible combinations 
✓Easy to use on-screen controls and Amazing 3D graphics
✓ Hours of endless robot battles
Test your metal in the real sport of steel! Get in the fight now!
For optimal performance, we recommend closing other applications and re-booting your device after downloading and starting your first boxing bout.

What's New in Version 1.3.3

Major Update! DOWNLOAD NOW!
-	New Robot Added – GRIDLOCK ‘The Bronzed Bodybuilder Bot’
-	iPhone 5 supported
-	Most requested feature added – BUILD YOUR OWN ROBOT with Customization from over 1000 unique possible combinations
-	Significant performance upgrades and updates
- To Restore your original purchases, please click on the restore function!

Requirements: Compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPod touch (3rd generation), iPod touch (4th generation), iPod touch (5th generation) and iPad. Requires iOS 4.1 or later. This app is optimized for iPhone 5.