* File Info *
Size: 4.92 Mb
Format: Rar / Exe

* Description *: Internet Download Manager is a download manager which can integrate with a variety of browsers, such as Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Internet Explorer and many others. Furthermore, it can increase download speeds up to five times, schedule downloads keep downloads which had been stopped for any reason.

Internet Download Manager supports links coming from different sources: proxy servers, FTP, HTTP, redirect links, as well as MP3 and MPEG files. But the main advantage, which can make it look quite interesting, is the fact it allows you to download flash videos from sites like YouTube, MySpaceTV, and many others.

Using Internet Download Manager.

When you open Internet Download Manager a window will appear with tips if they did not want to show up again on startup of Internet Download Manager, uncheck the box with that option.

* News From Version 6.12 Final Build 15 (09/05/2012):
Added Support for Firefox 17
Added Support Seamonkey 2:12 & 2:13
Fix Bugs

* Novelty From Version 6.12 Final Build 12 (31/08/2012):
Fix Bugs

* News From Version 6.12 Final Build 11 (08/28/2012):
Download videos from youtube optimized.

* News From Version 6.12 Final Build 10 (23/08/2012):
Added support for Firefox 16
Added the feature to set the creation date of the file, as provided by the server (Options> Save For IDM)
Fixed erroneous interception attendant content of web pages in Chrome
Added the ability to translate text to IDM IDM installer and uninstaller
Checking file integrity during reconstructed curriculum.
Improved ability to resume after power outage.
IDM Integration refurbished for IE.
IE optimized module integration and improved performance speed.
Added support for IDM download panel for Google Frame installed in IE.
Better integration in IE based browsers such as AOL, MSN, etc..
Added support for Firefox 2.10.
Added support for new version of Adobe Flash Player
Better support for multiple web players.
He made a solution to bugs in a new Outpost firewall.
Bug fixes


OBS1: Fully in Portuguese of Brazil, including other languages

NOTE 2: If your antivirus says that Patches (Activation, keygen) are viruses, not mind is a false alarm, if it happens disable your antivirus temporarily.