                              DevOps for Developers-2010kaiser



DevOps for Developers delivers a practical, thorough introduction to approaches, processes and tools to foster collaboration between software development and operations. Efforts of Agile software development often end at the transition phase from development to operations. This book covers the delivery of software, this means “the last mile”, with lean practices for shipping the software to production and making it available to the end users, together with the integration of operations with earlier project phases (elaboration, construction, transition).

DevOps for Developers describes how to streamline the software delivery process and improve the cycle time (that is the time from inception to delivery). It will enable you to deliver software faster, in better quality and more aligned with individual requirements and basic conditions. And above all, work that is aligned with the “DevOps” approach makes even more fun!

    Provides patterns and toolchains to integrate software development and operations
    Delivers an one-stop shop for kick-starting with DevOps
    Provides guidance how to streamline the software delivery process

What you’ll learn

    Know what DevOps is and how it can result in better and faster delivered software
    Apply patterns to improve collaboration between development and operations
    Introduce unified processes and incentives to support shared goals
    Start with or extend a tool infrastructure that spans projects roles and phases
    Address pain points in your individual environment with appropriate recipes
    Break down existing walls that make up an unnecessarily sluggish delivery process

Who this book is for

DevOps for Developers is for motivated software engineers, particularly programmers, testers, QA, system admins, database admins, both beginners and experts, who want to improve their software delivery process. It’s the perfect choice for engineers who want to go the next step by integrating their approaches for development and delivery of software. This book is for engineers who want to shape their processes and decide on and integrate open source tools and seek for guidance how to integrate standard tools in advanced real world use cases.
Table of Contents

    Beginning DevOps for Developers
    Introducing DevOps
    Building Blocks of DevOps
    Quality and Testing
    Introduce Shared Incentives
    Gain Fast Feedback
    Unified and Holistic Approach
    Automatic Releasing
    Infrastructure as Code
    Specification by Example 



ISBN-10: 1430245697
 
ISBN-13: 9781430245698

ENJOY AND SEED!!!