Whore.Hotel.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-SLiEZE


Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/X/viewer.php?file=26074681082903563327.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/X/viewer.php?file=01010114512809009151.jpg
 
http://www.seedimage.com/X/viewer.php?file=60223994551595107646.jpg



Henessy, Linet Slag, Megan Coxxx, Skin Diamond, Valentina


Danny D and his friends embark on a holiday of a life time as their spacious Barcelona villa is soon turned into a fully-fledged rampant sex hotel, they
Devise a cunning plan to find gullible, naughty beauties that they can take full advantage of. Once you’ve checked in you’ll never want to leave!
Danny D and his friend are bored and in need of some entertainment and luckily their sexy house maid Henessy arrives. First Henessy’s painted red lips meet two pulsating cocks; sucking long and hard before the explosive double penetration scene unfolds! This will leave you gasping for more and longing for the next scene to begin.
The beautiful Valentine’s car breaks down so the perverted Danny D, realizing she doesn’t speak any English, offers to help her out and takes her back to the villa to meet his two horny friends. They strip off her clothes while Valentine takes a turn feasting on their hard cocks; this soon breaks into a no holes barred magical foursome. Truly breathtaking!
To his dismay bad boy Marco gets a surprise visit from his girlfriend the stunning Megan Coxxx. Marco feels disappointed as he was looking forward to some new fresh pussy but Megan soon gets him into the swing of things as he thrusts her throbbing pink pussy before Megan rides his long cock home in this hardcore pussy fucking scene.
Luscious Linet Slag receives an English lesson from her naughty tutor….but with a twist. This perverted tutor teaches Linet how to `suck cock’ in this fast paced pussy pounding scene, finally shooting his load all over her pert tits. This scene will have you reaching for your cock in no time.
Beautiful maid Henessy has been bragging about Danny D impressive cock to her American friend Skin Diamond. To Danny D’s delight they decide to pay his huge cock a visit, stuffing all their holes to the max. This threesome is totally erotic to watch!