Made By Me
By Jane Bull
DK CHILDREN | September 2009 | ISBN-10: 0756651638 | PDF | 64 pages | 21.6 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Made-Me-Jane-Bull/dp/0756651638
PDF made by me (scanned by ???)

From DK's top-selling crafting author Jane Bull, "Made By Me" contains more than 30 homespun craft projects for young crafters. The book is divided into three sections, on knitting, sewing, and embroidery, and each one begins with a primer on basic techniques and stitches. Then lots of simple and sweet projects help children master needle skills while making bags, dolls, bracelets, hats, and more. Kids will love giving their creations as gifts, or keeping them to enjoy!

About the Author
Award-winning Jane Bull has created an enormous range of arty activity books for children including Make it!, The Gardening Book, The Holiday Activity Book, The Christmas Book, The Baking Book, The Cooking Book and The Crafty Art Book. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.

Review
I just can't get over what a cute, perfect book this is for little girls! I would say there is something here to interest the beginner from age 4 to 12 (obviously with big differences in how independently they work). It starts with a couple of pages about how to make your own sewing basket, if you don't want to buy one. Your child could help with this, of course. My daughter received the book at five with a sewing basket full of all the recommended products and it has been the biggest hit!
The book is just a winner all around. Some of the projects include transferring your child's drawings onto fabric to embroider (a PERFECT gift item for grandparents!), embellishing a t-shirt, tapestry and cross-stitch work, sewing a doll and simple clothes, drawstring pouches, lavender bags, felt lockets and stuffed toys (especially good for young beginners, as felt is so easy to work with), felt flowers (to embellish hair clips, pony tails, etc.), ribbon bag, and felt cupcakes and pincushions. The knitting section includes purses, hats and scarves with pompoms using knitting dolls (even teach you how to make one yourself), finger knitting and needles.
If you're looking for the perfect gift for a little girl, this is it. Collect a basket of supplies and wait for the creative genius to start.