Action! - Record everything! 
 Action! allows real-time recording/capture of Windows Aero desktop in a superb HD video quality. With Action! you can record web player videos, your gameplay, display game framerates, add live audio commentary to create high quality tutorials, record music, capture screenshots... and more!

Record your gameplay in HD. Benchmark games performance.
 Action! outstanding performance and GPU utilization allows the smoothest real-time HD gameplay video recording ever! Display current and average game framerate (FPS) during gameplay and save your benchmark results.

Capture screenshots 
 With Action! you can capture multiple screenshots of your games or desktop. Just press a hotkey and screenshot will be saved directly to a file on your hard disk without interrupting your work or gameplay.

Record live audio commentary 
 Action! allows to record additional live audio commentary during gameplay or dekstop recording making easy creation of tutorials and game walk-through videos. Microphone settings provide full control of microphone input volume and mixing level with system sounds.

Upload to YouTubeΓäó or Facebook 
 Export and upload your recordings to popular services and social networks like YouTubeΓäó and Facebook. Action! provides predefined exporting profiles for YouTubeΓäó and Facebook, just push a button to export and automatically upload your recordings
 to your favorite service fast and easy.

Real-time web videos recording. Record what you see.
 Record videos from websites and other applications in real-time. Action! allows to record videos from defined display region, selected application window or in fullscreen mode. With Action! you can record videos from ANY web player, no matter which video service you are using!

Smooth Windows Aero HD desktop recording, easy tutorial creation!
 Action! defines a new standard of performance 
and user experience for real-time desktop 
recording software. Record smooth high framerate
 HD videos of your dekstop and applications activity,
 add microphone audio commentary and create great tutorials with ease!

OPERATING SYSTEM
 Windows Vista┬«, Windows 7 Windows 8
 (with Windows Aero enabled for dekstop recording)
GRAPHICS CARD
 Direct3D 9.0 compatible with Pixel Shader 2.0 support
 