Platform:Intel only

System requirements: Mac OS 10.4.8 or later
 512 mb RAM
 2GB free hard drive space
 Integrated graphics MAC (gma945i ╨╕ x3100) Compatible. (!)
Language: English only

Description:
Heroes of Might and Magic V - is the continuation of the legendary strategy in grown fond million players a magical world. The best tradition of the series, combined with new ideas and technologies allow you to plunge into the enchanting atmosphere of the revived universe filled with mysterious powers of magic and noble desire to fight. Modern standards of graphics breathe in the magical world even more life, and new characters and creatures will make your trip there even more fun.

Key features include:

Next Gen Graphics: First Heroes universe is embodied in a fully three-dimensional volume! Wandering through its picturesque expanse, you are never penetrate magical atmosphere and the beauty of this mysterious world - a magnificent three-dimensional cities its epic scale and give identity of each race!

The dynamics of the battle: You can fight in the traditional mode of heroic battles - or try to force a new dynamic battle system with real-time elements. New spells, artifacts, and the characters and the ability to increase the number of creatures tactical combinations, making the battle even richer!

Rich opportunities multiplayer games: In all five multiplayer modes while waiting course reduced or filled with a new sense of playing! One mode is a dynamic short-lived game - for those who can not give her a lot of time. Another mode allows while waiting for his turn to play a special version of the ghost-world exploration by small and even small diversions. The standard multi-user time-out reduces the possibility of simultaneous moves players.

Flexible strategy: Strategic Opportunities world Heroes of Might and Magic are even better. More flexible line of urban development will implement various long-term schemes, and new opportunities for the development of characters expand your tactical arsenal. Unique distinctive features of each race will make your gaming experience more varied and brighter!

Tested under Leopard 10.5.1 on MacBook Pro 2.20 GHz, 3 GB ram.