Info-
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 | Publisher: Activision Blizzard | Developer: Infinity Ward | Genre: Shooting / FPS | Platform: PC | Languages: English, German, Italian, Spanish, French| Size: 13:83 GB | Release Date: 2011-11-09

Description:
The player assumes the role of various characters during the single-player campaign, changing perspectives throughout the progression of the story. Each level is a mission that features a series of objectives that are displayed on the heads up display, which marks the direction and distance towards and from such objectives. Damage to the player is shown by blood shown on the screen. The player’s health regenerates as time passes. Tasks vary in their requirements, having the player arrive at a particular checkpoint, eliminate enemies in a specified location, stand their ground to defend an objective, or plant explosive charges on an enemy installation. The player will be accompanied by troops who cannot be issued orders.

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 is the 2011 release in the best-selling Call of Duty First-Person Shooter action series. The game is a direct sequel to the previous game in the series, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, with a campaign storyline continuing the struggle of U.S. forces against an invasion by the Russian Federation following the framing of an undercover U.S. agent in a terrorist attack on Moscow. Along with classic Call of Duty multi-character control, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 contains deep multiplayer support, including two-player Co-op Survival mode. The game also contains all-new Kill Streak categories and customizable strike packages that offer more options for player combat styles and strategies.

Prepare yourself for a cinematic thrill-ride as only Call of Duty can deliver. Engage enemy forces in New York, Paris, Berlin and other attack sites across the globe. The world stands on the brink, and Makarov is intent on bringing civilization to its knees. In this darkest hour, are you willing to do what is necessary?

Minimum System Requirement
CPU: Intel® Core™ 2 Duo E6600 or AMD Phenom™ X3 8750 processor or better
RAM: 2GB RAM
VGA: Shader 3.0 or better 256 MB NVIDIA®GeForce™ 8600GT / ATI® Radeon™ X1950 or better
DX: DirectX® 9.0C or later
OS: Windows® XP / Windows Vista® / Windows® 7
HDD: 16 GB free hard drive space.

Install Note:
1. Unrar.
2. Burn Or Mount Image.
3. Install Game By Setup.exe
4. Copy Over The Cracked Content From Crack Dir On DVD2 To Your Installation Dir.
5. But before launching the game, you need to download crack fix in order to solve low frame rate when playing the game.
6. Extract the crack fix & copy “iw5sp” from the crack fix & paste it into the installation directory (replace the original).