"A Handbook of Statistical Analyses using SPSS" by Sabine Landau, Brian S. Everitt
Chаpmаn & Hаll/СRС Press | 2004 | ISBN: 1584883693 9781584883692 | 339 pages | PDF 

This Handbook clearly and concisely describes how to conduct univariate and multivariate statistical analyses using the latest release of SPSS. Each chapter addresses a different type of analytical procedure and applies it to real data sets, primarily, though not exclusively, from the social and behavioral sciences.

The authors briefly review the theoretical background of many of the techniques, but they set that material apart in boxes so that the presentation of the various analyses proceeds without interruption. Each chapter ends with exercises, some related to the data sets introduced in that chapter, others introducing additional data sets.
Researchers and students alike will find this a convenient, self-contained route to using SPSS for effective data analysis.

Contents
Preface
Distributors
Chapter 1. A Brief Introduction to SPSS
Chapter 2. Data Description and Simple Inference for Continuous Data: The Lifespans of Rats and Ages at Marriage in the U. S.
Chapter 3. Simple Inference for Categorical Data: From Belief in the Afterlife to the Death Penalty and Race
Chapter 4. Multiple Linear Regression: Temperatures in America and Cleaning Cars
Chapter 5. Analysis of Variance I: One- Way Designs; Fecundity of Fruit Flies, Finger Tapping, and Female Social Skills
Chapter 6. Analysis of Variance II: Factorial Designs; Does Marijuana Slow You Down? and Do Slimming Clinics Work?
Chapter 7. Analysis of Repeated Measures I: Analysis of Variance Type Models; Field Dependence and a Reverse Stroop Task
Chapter 8. Analysis of Repeated Measures II: Linear Mixed Effects Models; Computer Delivery of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
Chapter 9. Logistic Regression: Who Survived the Sinking of the Titanic?
Chapter 10. Survival Analysis: Sexual Milestones in Women and Field Dependency of Children
Chapter 11. Principal Component Analysis and Factor Analysis: Crime in the U. S. and AIDS Patients' Evaluations of Their Clinicians
Chapter 12. Classi.cation: Cluster Analysis and Discriminant Function Analysis; Tibetan Skulls
References
