

Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the Game:

Transformers: Fall of Cybertron is a third-person shooter video game developed by High Moon Studios and published by Activision. 
It is the sequel to the 2010 video game Transformers: War for Cybertron, and directly follows the events of that game as the Autobots struggle to defeat their Decepticon foes in a war for their home planet of Cybertron.
The game tells the story of the final days of the Transformers conflict on Cybertron. 
A reimagined origins subplot for the Dinobots is also told, and other subplots also tell an adapted story for several characters. 
Some of the voice cast from the 1984 series The Transformers return to reprise their roles, including Peter Cullen as Autobot leader Optimus Prime and Gregg Berger as Grimlock. 
Other actors return to reprise their roles from Transformers: War for Cybertron.
Players can control each transformer in both their robot and alternate forms. 
Instead of a traditional health system the game features a system similar to The Halo Series, Where the player has a shield and health under that which can be replinished by a health pack. 
The weapon selection in Fall of Cybertron is upgraded, with new weapons that can take on very significant upgrades, including an upgrade that allows a weapon to fire up to 75% faster.,,, 


PC System Requirements:

OS: Windows XP / Vista / 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.6 GHz or AMD Phenom X3 8750
Memory: 2 GB system RAM
Hard Disk Space: 8.4 GB Free Space
Video Card: GeForce 8800 GT series with 512 MB RAM or ATI Radeon HD 4850 with 512 MB RAM
DirectX: DirectX 9.0c or DirectX 10
Sound: DirectX compatible Sound card 


Notes:
This version of game is already cracked - just install and play
If your game is not starting at all - add info to registry from file Transformers-FOC_reg.reg.
If you have Windows 8 x64 DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME - NOT WORKING.
DO NOT TRY TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH STEAM APPLICATION OPENED ,CLOSE (LOGOUT) STEAM BEFORE PLAY THIS GAME !!!!


How to install:
After download is done:
- open part1 (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.

More info and support on nosteam.ro

www.nosteam.ro
 
If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .	


