You can find  personal rip from retail DVDs. The languages are English, French and Spanish.
It contains NO CRACK, it's just a 100% backup.

Install Instructions:

The folder contains 2 ISO files
You can mount, burn or extract them, and install the game using your steam account.
And, wait for anybody to crack it.

INFO:

The fifth game in the multi-million selling franchise showcasing IOΓÇÖs new Glacier 2 game engine, Hitman: Absolution follows Agent 47, a cold blooded assassin, who takes on his most dangerous contract to date. Betrayed by those he trusted and hunted by the police, he finds himself at the centre of a dark conspiracy and must embark on a personal journey through a corrupt and twisted world, in his search for the truth.

Features:

Contracts Mode: Create your own custom hits by choosing the level, targets, weapons and the rules of assassination in an innovative new online mode. Created contracts can be shared with friends or the whole Hitman community and the money that you earn will unlock weapons, upgrades and disguises.
Freedom of Choice: Stalk your prey, fight them head on or adapt as you go along. As Agent 47 the choice is yours thanks to highly evolved gameplay mechanics and a ground-breaking AI system.
Experience a Living, Breathing World: In the world of Hitman: Absolution every moment can become a story as unique characters, rich dialogue and Hollywood standard performances combine to create a gameplay experience like no other.
Disguises: As Agent 47, the identity of almost anyone you meet is yours for the taking. Immobilise your prey, steal their outfit and use your instinct to blend in and deceive your enemies.
Instinct Mode: See the world through the eyes of Agent 47 and become the worlds deadliest assassin. Using Hitman: Absolutions Instinct Mode youll predict enemy movement, discover new ways to kill and use high powered weaponry with deadly accuracy. 

Requirements:

OS: Windows Vista, 7
Processor: True dual core CPU (Intel, AMD)
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Video Card: NV8600 512 Mb RAM, or AMD equivalent
DirectX: 10 


