CONTENTS
--------

Susan Watkins: Another Turn Of The Screw?
Beneath the roiling surface of the Euro-crisis, a further chapter of the EU integration project is underway. Susan Watkins on the institutional machinery Berlin is imposing across the Union, and the political stakes—and hypocrisies—laid bare by the struggle.
Michel Aglietta: The European Vortex
Global economic turmoil has exposed the structural flaws in the single currency. Amid deepening divergences between industrial north and debt-laden south, Michel Aglietta assesses the Eurozone’s chances of recovery, and the impact of its continued travails on the world economy.
Perry Anderson: Ronald Fraser, 1930–2012
Tribute to the author of Blood of Spain, locating the impulse behind his oeuvre in a commitment to explore lived experience. Reconstructions of work, war, politics and subjectivity, from Napoleonic era to post-Fordist present.
Ronald Fraser: Politics As Daily Life
How are collective mobilizations refracted through the prism of personal experience—and in what conditions can individual histories be constituted as history? Ronald Fraser reflects on memory, method and militancy.
Alèssi Dell’Umbria: The Sinking Of Marseille
The recent fate of France’s second city—post-war decline followed by modish resurgence—seen in the longue durée by its radical historian. A social and political archaeology of Marseille, amid the steady dismantling of its urban worlds.
Roberto Schwarz: Political Iridescence
Brazil’s foremost literary critic engages with the autobiography of Caetano Veloso, its best-known musician. The dense weave of relations between 60s counter-culture and left movements, and its rending by years of dictatorship and capitalist triumph.
BOOK REVIEWS

Fredric Jameson on Francis Spufford, Red Plenty. A documentary-cum-fable reconstructs the lost future of the Khrushchev era.
Tom Hazeldine on D R Thorpe, Supermac. Lengthy apologia for Harold Macmillan from a serial Tory biographer.
Gregory Elliott on Lucio Magri, The Tailor of Ulm. The trajectory of Italian communism, analysed by an unillusioned participant-observer.
Paul Buhle on Frank Bardacke, Trampling Out the Vintage. Chronicle of the United Farm Workers and their mercurial leader, Cesar Chavez.


ABOUT NLR
--------

A 160-page journal published every two months from London, New Left Review analyses world politics, the global economy, state powers and protest movements; contemporary social theory, history and philosophy; cinema, literature, heterodox art and aesthetics. It runs a regular book review section and carries interviews, essays, topical comments and signed editorials on political issues of the day. ‘Brief History of New Left Review’ gives an account of NLR’s political and intellectual trajectory since its launch in 1960.

The NLR Online Archive includes the full text of all articles published since 1960; the complete index can be searched by author, title, subject or issue number. The full NLR Index 1960-2010 is available in print and can be purchased here. Subscribers to the print edition get free access to the entire online archive; two or three articles from each new issue are available free online. If you wish to subscribe to NLR, you can take advantage of special offers by subscribing online, or contact the Subscriptions Director below.

NLR is also published in Spanish, and selected articles are available in Greek, Italian, Korean, Portuguese and Turkish.

Submissions to the journal are welcome, but please consult the submission guidelines before sending in an article or book review. For queries concerning advertising, bookshop distribution or subscriptions, please consult the full contact details.