Forgot my earlier password as OwlPox.  This is the new username.

Direct Release Myofascial Technique

by Michael Stanborough, certified Advanced Rolfer and 
longtime Rolfing educator

This series is about Rolfing techniques and does not offer the viewer a complete education in Rolfing.  The video series is meant to augment the book, Direct Myofascial Release, which in included in this torrent.  There are a number of bodywork torrents put out by ToadOne Torrents, including the Art Riggs video series, Deep Tissue Massage and Myofascial Release.  The Riggs videos are of a similar nature and somewhat toned down for amateur and beginning massage therapists as well as being appropriate for the more advanced bodyworker.  However, this series by Stanborough is not as well suited for those less familiar with human anatomy and physiology or with more advanced massage work.  I would recommend that people view the Riggs videos before watching these, both to become more familiar with the terminology used here, and to get some of the basics, including important issues of safety.

Rolfing is both technique and body alignment.  While this and the Riggs videos cover technique to varying degrees, they do not cover the issue of structure or body alignment.  The Thomas Myers videos and book does cover that, at least from the Myers' Anatomy Trains perspective.  The more classic  segments view of the body as opposed to the Anatomy Trains view is equally important, and both views of the body to my understanding are taught in the standard Structural Integration/Rolfing schools of today.  Of course, the Myers videos are also part of the ToadOne Torrents series of bodywork torrents, including the Bodyreading set by Myers.

Please note that this work can be dangerous if misapplied.  It is best to have a thorough knowledge of the work and to have gone through the Rolfing series, both basic and advanced, before using the techniques haphazardly on, say, your girlfriend.  This work is not recreational massage for lovers or for the casual massage.  For that, perhaps try Shiatsu or Tui Na, though the latter can involve some more advanced training as well.

A file containing other ToadOne Torrent files is always included along with the main files in all of my torrents along with their descriptions.

If you appreciate this work, perhaps you could say, ΓÇ£thank youΓÇ¥, to the author, Michael, by purchasing one of his newer series on spinal manipulation.  This guy is a pro and only one of a handful of Rolfers willing to discuss some of the ΓÇ£trade secretsΓÇ¥ of the Rolfing profession.  Sales of this type of educational video target only a small audience, and to encourage the writing of more books and the creation of more videos, someone needs to actually purchase some.

Keep your chi strong, your karma good, and may the force be with you!