Vertigo's "cross-over" "event" from 1993-1994, 7 issues, approx. 400 pages

The Children's Crusade #1 - Neil Gaiman, Chris Bachalo
Black Orchid Annual #1 - Dick Foreman
Animal Man Annual #1 - Jamie Delano
Swamp Thing Annual #1 - Nancy A Collins
Doom Patrol Annual #2 - Rachel Pollack
Arcana, Books of Magic Annual #1 - John Ney Rieber
The Children's Crusade #2 - Neil Gaiman, Alisa Kwitney, Jamie Delano


The Children's Crusade is the over-arcing title of a seven-issue comic book crossover and limited series, and specifically the two bookends thereof. It was published in 1993 and 1994 by DC Comics as a part of the Vertigo imprint.[1]

The two bookends, which open and close the crossover were written by Neil Gaiman and Alisa Kwitney, with the middle five issues being the newly created or resurrected Annuals from the then-on-going Vertigo titles (bar the Arcana Annual, which re-launched a new Books of Magic series). These were written by those titles' then-authors: Dick Foreman, Jamie Delano, Nancy Collins, Rachel Pollack and John Ney Rieber, respectively.

This storyline marked the first - and only - attempt by the then-brand-new Vertigo comic line to do a crossover within its titles. Its relative lack of success, and the subsequent retooling of the Vertigo imprint to feature comics that do not tend to share a universe, make it unlikely to be repeated in such a manner. Subsequently, therefore, while individual characters (in particular John Constantine) occasionally guest-star in other titles, such a wide-ranging crossover has not been attempted.

In addition to the two Children's Crusade issues, the crossover ran through five newly created/resurrected Annuals. In reading order the event runs as follows: Children's Crusade #1, Black Orchid Annual #1, Animal Man Annual #1, Swamp Thing Annual #7, Doom Patrol Annual #2, Arcana Annual #1, and Children's Crusade #2.

Alongside Edwin Paine and Charles Rowland, the "Dead Boy Detectives", it focused on the children who played major roles in these books: Suzy, Maxine Baker, Tefé, Dorothy Spinner and Timothy Hunter respectively.

he story starts with the ghosts of two boys, Edwin and Charles (seen previously in issue #25 of The Sandman and later in The Dead Boy Detectives), who have set up shop as detectives for hire, with nothing but the knowledge of the great mystery novels and films. The two boys are approached by a young girl that finds their ad and enlists them to locate her brother who, along with several other children, disappeared from the small English hamlet they all live in, called Flaxdown.

It turns out that all the children of the village as well as all other children who have ever disappeared (see "The Children's Crusade" & "The Pied Piper of Hamelin") were taken to a place called "Free Country". Free Country is a place where children never grow old and are free from the abuse and tyranny of adults (child abuse is a recurring theme). Free Country is run by a council of various children who have existed there hundreds of years. The council is attempting to bring over all the children in the world, but unfortunately Free Country is having trouble supporting them all. To help bolster Free Country's power they bring over five innately powerful children. As long as the children stay in Free Country they provide the place with power.

The comics include many references to the works of Robert Browning.