Test Drive®: Ferrari is the ultimate driving experience for fans of the Ferrari brand. Detailed physics underpin a huge variety of challenges set throughout the history of this landmark automotive brand. Painstaking detailed cars and tracks reflect visceral damage as races wear on, an acute sense of speed communicates the power of these highly tuned vehicles, as advanced AI challenges even the most experienced driver.

Game Features

 Multiple Race Types – A variety of race types challenges including rally, GT, and Formula 1.
 Extensive Online Competition – Single and Multiplayer integration with a selection of racing styles. Up to 8 players can join a single race.
 36 circuits, including variations – GP circuits, test circuits, and bonus circuits; a wide variety of driving environments. Tracks from the past and present.
 52 stunningly detailed cars – The greatest modern and classic Ferrari models are lovingly rendered inside and out – including working switchgear and visible engines. Car dynamics include realistic deflating tires and blow-outs.
 Campaign Mode – Players experience the rich history of the Ferrari brand as they unlock tracks and cars throughout Ferrari’s history. Circuits unlocked during the campaign can be raced subsequently using any available cars.

System Requirements: 

OS – Windows XP (SP3) / Vista (SP2) / Windows 7
 Processor – Intel Core™2 Duo 2.0 GHz / AMD X2 64 2.4GHz
 Memory – 2.0 GB
 Hard Drive – 7 GB
 DVD Drive – 8 SPEED
 Video Card – DirectX 9.0c Compatible 3D-accelerated 512 MB video card with Shader Model 3.0 or higher
 Sound Card – DirectX 9.0c compatible
 DirectX – Version 9.0c
 Online Multiplayer – 512 Kbps or faster; 2-8 Players
 Input – Keyboard, Mouse, Supported Game Controllers
 Optional – USB Steering Wheel / Dual Analogue Gamepad

*Supported chipsets: ATI HD3 Series or greater; NVIDIA GeForce 8 Series or higher or greater Laptop versions of these chipsets may work but are not supported. Updates to your video and sound card drivers may be required.

Test Drive Ferrari Racing Legends-SKIDROW
 SIZE: 2.69 GB