             Sonoris DDP Creator Pro v3.0

The Sonoris DDP Creator is a standalone cross-platform CD authoring application compatible with virtually any DAW software on the market. The DDP Creator lets you assemble professional RedBook compatible audio CD's and supports the import and export of DDP 2.00 images and Cue Sheet (cue) files. It also enables you to burn and rip audio CD's and send off images with FTP.

CD authoring
With the DDP Creator you can assemble a RedBook compatible CD by just dropping wav or aif files on the workspace and set the track order. After that you can adjust the spaces between tracks and audition this by playing back the transition from one track into another. Then edit the PQ points, ISRC, MCN and CD-Text data. Finally export to DDP, Cue Sheet or CD and print a PQ sheet if needed.

DDP export
The main feature of the DDP Creator is the export of the CD project to a DDP 2.00 fileset. The industry standard DDP protocol is supported by all major CD replication plants and ensures an error free transfer and manufacturing of your masters. No more need to burn a physical master CD any more!

DDP import (loadback)
Besides DDP export the DDP Creator can import (loadback) a DDP fileset too, including DDP images made by other software, like Bias Peak Studio (XT), Sonic Studio HD, SADiE, Sequoia or Pyramix. This feature allows you to check the project including all PQ codes, ISRC, MCN and CD-Text data. You can edit the project, playback tracks and export to DDP, Cue Sheet or burn a Redbook compatible CD from it.

Enhanced CD
The Pro option allows even more control and adds Enhanced CD support to the DDP Creator. You can create Enhanced CD DDP filesets from within the program by adding an ISO file to an audio project. This can be an (Hybrid) ISO file made with for example Toast or an ISO file made with the DDP Creator by converting a folder holding the data files. 

System requirements Windows:

   Windows 2000 or higher

INSTALLATION:

  ΓÇó  Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

  ΓÇó  Install the application.
   
  ΓÇó  Start the program and copy (DDP_Player.license) file to the
           applications folder.

             ΓÇó  That's it! Done.

                            enJoy!!!