Hot blond with huge natural tits, suffers throat fucking and intense bondage, fucked to orgasm | Cherry Torn | Matt Williams

October 8, 2012



Wmv Only

Cherry Torn is back and she brought her amazing body with her. With huge natural breasts and an amazing phat ass, Cherry is the total package!

 Severely bound with her wrists tied and elbows touching behind her back, Cherry finds herself completely helpless and unable to escape. We take thin leather wraps and bind her breasts so tight you could bounce a quarter off them. Cherry moans as we wrap the breasts tighter and tighter. 

There is nothing sexier than a girl on her knees with her arms hopelessly trapped behind her back, her huge bound breast sticking out, and a cock jammed all the way down her throat! We fuck Cherry's skull with reckless abandonment! We love watching girls suffer from a brutal face-fucking. Their struggle to breathe, the look of fear in their eyes as the cock slide all the way down the throat cutting off all air. The pleading whimpers, the massive drool that runs down their bound bodies, we love it all.

 After sending Cherry into subspace from her brutal facehole fucking, we gag her with a huge red cloth, slide pantyhose down over her face and use a harness gag to keep it all in place. We strappado her arms up, elbows still touching, and slide the cock into her wet tight pussy. She cums almost immediately. We fuck our helpless toy deep and hard, Cherry cums again, and then again. 

We tighten up the bondage and impale Cherry on a huge dildo with a vibrator placed perfectly on her clit. She is now stuck in a catastrophic bondage position. Severely gagged, with her head pulled back, her arms strappado'd up, legs spread, and vibrator making her cum over and over. The gag is muffling her screams, her body won't stop cumming. Today Cherry was reminding us of what being truly helpless really means..


Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_08ctorn2/SexuallyBroken-Cherry-Torn-Matt-Williams-Hot-blond-with-huge-natural-tits-suffers-throat-fucking-and-intense-bondage-fucked-to-orgasm.php 

 

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   

 

Cheers  :-)  
		