BOB WEIR - Acoustic

2012-09-10
Tower Theatre
Upper Darby, PA
 
Soundboard:  SBD > CDR > EAC > FLAC8

01. Music Never Stopped >
02. Shaky Ground >
03. Music Never Stopped >
04. New Minglewood Blues
05. My Brother Esau
06. Loose Lucy
07. When I Paint My Masterpiece
08. Artificial Flowers
09. Weather Report Suite
10. Ashes and Glass >
11. Big Bad Blues
12. Easy To Slip
13. Peggy-O
14. Hell In a Bucket
15. Dear Prudence
16. Sugar Magnolia

Encore
17. Brokedown Palace

Review by "Junior Boarder" :

Really enjoyed this. First time for me at a Bob solo show. Had 11th row DFC, so it was like having the man playing in my living room. Firstly, I have to give credit for going out there by himself with just an acoustic 
guitar. Also have to say his voice sounded amazing...really fine. Great crowd, not a lot of chatter, lots of friendly faces. Missed the FFF hangout in the lot, but spotted WLewis in the lobby and gave him the BertSignal, 
but he had no idea who I was. That was kind of funny. I cruised the beautiful back roads of chester and delaware county from the job in malvern down to the mean streets of upper darby and was pleasantly surprised to find people hanging in the garage pre-show...cracked some coldies and chowed down and met some new friends and rolled into the theatre about 7:45. Very mellow scene. I liked the tie-dye tour shirt, but just could not pull the trigger at $30.

I could see how this would not be for everyone...a little something for the faithful. If you think you might like to watch Bob Weir tool around on the acoustic for a few hours (then there might be something profoundly wrong with you), then by golly this is the show for you. He puts it all out there, warts and everything, and you get rewarded with brilliance, soul, warmth, and a really interesting interpretation of the catalogue. Highlights for me were Music Never Stopped->MInglewood, WRS, BBB, Peggy-O and Sugar Mags. Would definitely catch this again. Hopefully in a somewhat smaller place. I like the Tower, but it was just a bit cavernous for this show. This would have been better suited to the TLA, Keswick, Colonial in Phoenixville or Reading PAC. 