Follow my uploads here:                                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Feel the power of more than 50,000 live radio stations in the palm of your hand.
Use XiiaLiveΓäó to stream music and internet radio. Explore more than 50,000 radio stations from all over the world!

Search, organize, tag, and save your favorite stream for easy access any time you want to rock out!

SUPPORTED:

    Formats: [aac, aac+, m3u, pls, mp3, mp4, m4a, mpeg, asf, wma, ogg, flac]
    Playlists: [m3u, pls, asx]
    Protocols: [http, hls, mms, mmsh]

Features:

    Surf easily more than 50,000 radio stations.
    Easy to use application with fast UI that is car friendly!
    Two different skins, light and dark.
    Easily tag songs you like!
    Smart recovery. Makes your streaming experience better than any other app!
    Data guard. Option that protects you by enforcing Wi-Fi only streaming.
    Scan radio stations. Feature similar to the common car stereo scan option.
    Social integration. (Twitter and Facebook. Google+ coming soon)
    Time shift live radio. Allows up to 60 min of history. (FFMpeg engine currently not supported)(beta)
    Equalizer. (Android 2.3 and greater) (beta)
    HTTP authentication support.
    Notification sounds for connecting, buffering and signal drops. Something no other app has!
    Sort and filter support for stations and songs.
    Advanced Sort and filters for discovering new stations.
    Mini player. (Only available on bigger screen devices)
    App language picker.
    Sleep timer with volume fading.
    Buffering length controls.
    Easy favoriteΓÇÖs organization. Rename, remove, edit links and give it a category.
    Easily add your own URL.
    Create custom radios station SHORTCUTS on your home screen.
    Multiple customizable settings.
    Bluetooth controls. Skip through your favorites.
    Bluetooth auto start and stop streaming.
    Backup and restore your favorites and tags.
    OPEN APIs. Allows other apps to plug in to the power of Streaming!

Official Partner of SHOUTcast

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 20, 2012)

    Audio repeated/garbled/distorted.
    App crashed/frozen when resumed.
    Translation updates for (FI, FR, PL, RU, SK, KO)
    ANR caused by changing volume fixed.
    Crash caused by date formatting bug seen on few devices.
    Crash caused by popup trying to be displayed while activity on stop state.
    Crash caused by database upgrade check.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+



                                By bobiras2009		