Sherlock Holmes: The disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax (AVI) – 1991 (Dutch subs) – NLT-Release


Een produktie van Granada Television.
Sherlock Holmes wordt gespeeld door Jeremy Brett
Dr. Watson door Edward Hardwicke

Een verfilming in het kader van de TV series Sherlock Holmes Short Stories
auteur: Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 
produktie: 1991


De verdwijning van Laday Frances Carfax

Geproduceerd in Engeland
Genre: Detective
speelduur: 52 minuten

Lady Carfax is plotseling verdwenen kort nadat Mr. Schlessinger haar had bezocht.
Watson is de eerste die op onderzoek uitgaat en ontmoet daar Mr. Green, een man die op Lady Carfax verliefd is. Samen met Sherlock Holmes wordt er een onderzoek gestart naar de geheimzinnige en raadselachtige verdwijning. 
Wat zit er achter dit raadsel?
Uiteraard lost Sherlock Holmes voor ons het raadsel op.

Info:
Category: TV series
Format: AVI
size: 486 MB
Source: Granada Television – Retail DVD
screen format: 4:3
Color: color
Subtitle: Dutch
Original language: English


Synopsis
Holmes sends Dr. Watson to Lausanne to investigate the disappearrance of Lady Frances Carfax. He sends Watson because Holmes himself is too busy in London. Lady Frances is a lone, unwed woman denied a rich inheritance on account of her gender. She does, however, carry valuable jewels with her. It is also her habit to write to her old governess, Miss Dobney, every other week, but for the past five weeks, there has not been a word from her. She has left the Hôtel National for parts unknown. Her last two bank transactions were cheques, one to pay her hotel bill, and another for £50 to her maid, Miss Marie Devine.
In Switserland, Watson finds out that Lady Frances stayed at the Hôtel International for several weeks, but then suddenly left in a hurry one day. Only one witness could suggest an explanation, one involving a big, bearded man who kept hounding her. It also emerges that Lady Frances’s maid has left her employ, although it is not known why.
The search seems hopeless. The police follow known associates, Holmes places advertisements hoping to learn something, but nothing happens. 
The Granada TV adaption starring Jeremy Brett was not completely faithful to the original story. The main action takes place in the Lake District, and though the Peters' are apprehended, the ending is ultimately more downbeat; Lady Frances is psychologically traumatized by the deadly experience and is unlikely to fully recover. Holmes acknowledges the case as of his few true failures, refusing to be rewarded by Green for bringing about a tragedy. 

Hash code: Selecteer alles

BAE084D392B4BB5FAC2105784E813EB1A7A1F095

by Chamond
