About the Game

Load your guns, start your enginesΓÇªTHE CLASSIC IS BACK! Brought to you from Remedy, renowned developers of Max Payne and Alan Wake, RemedyΓÇÖs Death Rally classic top down racer is back, stronger and more vicious than ever.

This is no Sunday Drive. This is Death Rally, so be prepared to be blown away, literally. Make a run for the finish line with a trail of burnt rubber and spent brass behind you..along with the flaming wreckage of any fool dumb enough to get in your way.

The gameplay is addictive, intense, explosive fun! Win races, upgrade your cars and weapons to defeat incredible boss drivers to beat the story mode. Join the multiplayer! lock and load and enter the Death Rally, humiliate and destroy your opponents or sabotage their race. You choose how you win, NO TRICK IS TOO DIRTY!

Key Features:

Experience the fury of Death Rally, hone your skills and prepare to race
Massive career mode,win events,earn achievements and unlock cars,weapons and challenges
Multiplayer mayhem, prove yourself against your opponents
Amazing Iconic tracks in the city, desert, jungle, ice and more. Including a unique track only for PC
Featuring amazing guest drivers
Sabotage and Destroy and earn your spot on the Leaderboards
Gameplay supports keyboard and controller

System Requirements

Minimum:
OS:Windows XP SP2
Processor:AMD K8 series, for example Athlon 64, or Intel Pentium 4
Memory:2 GB RAM
Graphics:DirectX 10 compatible with 256 MB memory
DirectX┬«:9.0c
Hard Drive:600 MB HD space
Sound:DX9.0c compatible
Additional:Even slower systems may run the game, but may have problems with multiplayer compatibility

Install notes:

  1.> Unzip                                                              
  2.> Unrar manually or use our installer                                
  3.> Play!                                                              
                                                                               
   NOTE: All online features are disabled, if you want them you'll have  
   to buy the game.                                                      
                                                                               
   Download VC++ 2010 Redist =               
   Download DirectX Redist =          