S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

            proudly presents
The Expendables 2 Videogame (c) Ubisoft

18-08-2012......Release Date  Protection.................Steam
Action.............Game Type  Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Four Expendables (Barney, Gunner, Caesar and Yin Yang) are hired to
rescue an extremely valuable kidnapped Chinese billionaire. It's
business as usual until all hell breaks loose and the explosive mix of
testosterone and kerosene detonates. The result is a massive fireball
that never lets up, with the relentless action concluding where the
new movie begins.

The Expendables 2 videogame is a way for fans to experience all of
their favourite explosive moments, as their favourite stars, in
four-player co-op action.

Features:

Over-The-Top Action:
Experience intense firepower, huge explosions and relentless opposition
as you play out all of your favorite over-the-top action moments from
The Expendables movies

Four-Player Co-Op:
Team up with three of your friends for Expendables co-op action. Take
on the singleplayer campaign or compete in the many challenge modes and
work together to join the elite ranks

Expendables Characters:
Play as some of the most memorable characters from The Expendables
movies: Barney Ross, Yin Yang, Gunner Jensen and Hale Caesar

Challenge Modes:
Challenge yourself, your buddies or the rest of the worldwide
leaderboards in the many Expendables challenge modes that unlock as you
play through the intense campaign

Vehicular Combat:
Take it to the enemy as you fly choppers & airplanes, drive 4x4s and
wreak havoc with your entire vehicular arsenal

Signature Cinematic Kills:
Experience some of the most stylish finishes ever thanks to the unique
signature moves for each character. Relive your victories with the
close-up dynamic camera capturing all your best moments

Battle in Foreign Terrain:
Battle in tactical, assault, stealth and melee missions in a great
variety of environments, from the forests of the Balkan countryside to
mountainous Somalian deserts, Kowloon industrial docks and Burmese
jungles

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice.

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!