"This wonderful book brings East and West--and ancient and modern worlds--together and provides profound wisdom and guidance for anyone struggling with stress, anxiety, anger, fear, or loneliness. Beautifully written, funny, warm, and filled with unusual, wonderful exercises. A real miracle.\"--Rabbi Gary Moskowitz, Director of the Institute for Violence Prevention

"A healing journey into the inner conflicts and contradictions that separate spirit from self.\" --Armand DiMele, the DiMele Center for Psychotherapy

"Dr. Brenda Shoshanna is a versatile, creative, warm, and truly excellent teacher.\" --Rabbi Joseph Gelberman, founder of the Interfaith Seminary and Director of the All Faith Seminary

"Zen Miracles is an inviting and inspiring message for those looking for a more simple and powerful way to enhance their lives and for those who want to integrate a practical way of peace in today\'s distorted and increasingly violent world.\"--Bob Goff, NY Naturally

"Zen Miracles is a book that is invaluable for anyone seeking to bring a profound, yet genuinely joyous, experience to life. Brenda Shoshanna explores the spiritual and therapeutic aspects of Zen practice in a way that is acceptable to anyone, no matter what their faith, philosophy, or religious beliefs. With her warm and compassionate style, she exhibits the unique ability to explain even the most difficult ideas in understandable terms. Her approach is readily accessible and applicable to even the most mundane of activities. This book is a must for anyone seeking the secrets for attaining a balanced life and true peace of mind.\"--Lewis Harrison, Director of the Academy of Natural Healing

PART I: GETTING STARTED.

What Is Zen?

How to Do It.

Welcome to the World of Koans.

Peeling Onions Day By Day.

Doing Nothing.

PART 2: CRAVINGS AND COMPULSIONS.

Quieting the Monkey Mind.

Loneliness and Separation.

Feeding the Hungry Heart.

Ambition: Taming the Violent Mind.

PART 3: LETTING GO.

Grasping and Holding On.

Empty Hands.

Pilgrimage.

PART 4: DISSOLVING THE FALSE SELF.

Putting Toys Away.

When Medicine Turns to Poison.

The True Man of No Rank.

The Zen Fisherman.

PART 5: ZEN, GOD, AND ENLIGHTENMENT.

Walking Through the Gateless Gate.

Zen and God.

Zen Cautions.

Zen Miracle Commandments.