18-09-2012......Release Date - Protection.................Steam
Skating............Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Tony Hawks Pro Skater HD takes the best elements of the classic THPS
games and gives them a fresh update to create an all new skateboarding
experience for PC. The gameplay in Tony Hawks Pro Skater HD focuses on
the satisfaction of linking sick tricks for maximum points. Combining
sharp visuals with the best controls ever in a Tony Hawk game, the feel
is cutting edge yet timeless.

Features:

THPS and THPS2 gameplay comes to PC

HD Upgrade: Game was rebuilt and polished by Robomodo using Neversofts
original level models.

Classic levels: The style and feel of the best 7 levels from THPS and
THPS2 (Warehouse, School 2, Mall, Hangar, Venice, Marseille and Phoenix
Downhill Jam) refreshed for today. The levels are exactly the same
specs as the originals - every gap, SKATE Letter, etc is exactly where
you remember it but looks a hell of a lot better

The Top Pros: Todays biggest skate pros round out the cast including:
Nyjah Huston, Chris Cole, Eric Koston, Andrew Reynolds, Rodney Mullen,
Lyn-z Adams Hawkins Pastrana, Riley Hawk and, of course, Tony Hawk
himself. Each has 8 boards, 3 special moves, and an alternate outfit.

Refined controls: The skaters animations, tricks and combos reflect
the evolution of the THPS games. Animations are improved, the tricks
have been redone (and some new special tricks added), even skater
celebrations have been added for big combos.

Manuals and Reverts: You can do manuals as part of trick combos in THPS
HD. Given the fact that this game combines the best gameplay from THPS1
and THPS2, Reverts will not work as part of trick combos in the initial
launch of THPS HD as that mechanic was not introduced until THPS3.
However, reverts will work in the post-release DLC for the THPS3
levels, as those levels were originally designed to accommodate this.

Endlessly fun objectives: Players pursue the same global and
level-specific goals as the original games, including S-K-A-T-E, Secret
DVD (used to be VHS tape), and many more.

In-Game Soundtrack: It is about half classic THPS tracks and half new
ones. Includes Goldfingers Superman and the Anthrax/Public Enemy
collaboration Bring the Noise.

Downloadable content: Coming post-release, The Tony Hawks Pro Skater
3 HD Revert Pack DLC includes levels from THPS3 including Airport,
Canada, and LA. New pros included are legends Steve Caballero and Geoff
Rowley.

In Game Map View: Pause and see the location of objectives and gaps.

Quick Restart: Back button allows you to quickly restart their session.
Perfect for the obsessive gamer who is looking to achieve the perfect
combo.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy	