THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City XBOX360-iMARS

Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City delivers a true third person team 
based shooter experience set within the dark and sinister Resident Evil 
universe and a reinterpretation of the events depicted in Resident Evil 
2 and Resident Evil 3. Zombies and Bio-Organic Weapons (B.O.WΓÇÖs) add to 
the mix as players not only compete against an opposing squad but also 
tackle this third unpredictable element, creating a brand new style of 
gameplay and breaking the conventions of traditional team based shooters.

It is September 1998 and the action centers once more on the ill-fated 
Raccoon City and the horrific consequences of the deadly T-virus outbreak 
from the Umbrella facility. With a cover up required, Umbrella orders an 
elite team into Raccoon City to destroy all evidence of the outbreak and 
eliminate any survivors. Hearing of this plan, the US Government 
dispatches its own special forces to uncover any evidence that exposes the 
cause of the viral infection and UmbrellaΓÇÖs actions. Players take on the 
role of an Umbrella Security Services soldier (U.S.S.), competing alone or 
in four player co-op in a battle against all the competing forces at play 
in Raccoon City.

Features:

Witness your favorite original Resident Evil enemies, iconic landmarks 
(such as the Raccoon City Police Department) and fan favorite characters 
(including Leon S. Kennedy, who as a rookie police officer in Raccoon City 
is on your hit list to eliminate) in a whole new way.

Players will experience a retelling of classic moments from past titles 
Resident Evil 2 and Resident Evil 3 and watch the events unfolding from 
the menacing perspective of the Umbrella Security Service, giving fans the 
chance to rewrite the history of the Raccoon City outbreak.

Delivers a number of competitive online multiplayer modes. Each one of 
these will provide a unique gaming experience thanks to the three way 
combat between the Umbrella Security Service, US Special Ops and threat of 
zombies and B.O.WΓÇÖs that could only exist in the deadly and twisted 
Resident Evil Universe.

Platform: XBOX360
Region: Region Free 
Format: XGD2
Size: 01 DVD 
Genre: Action, Horror
Languages: English
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-B714_4F64324C.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-A62D_4F64324C.jpg