Death Of The New Gods was an eight-issue comic book limited series published in 2007 and 2008 by DC Comics.  It was written and penciled by Jim Starlin and follows the final days of the New Gods as they are stalked by a mysterious killer.

Death of the New Gods was conceived by DC as a series that would lead- and tie-in to Final Crisis, much like Countdown to Final Crisis.  DC's second weekly limited series, Countdown, ties into the Death of the New Gods limited series in several issues.  The effects were felt in other DC titles, as well.

The series begins with Darkseid recalling how he first became aware of a growing crisis with the death of Willie Walker.  Walker, who is the corporeal form of the Black Racer, is seen being killed by an unidentified figure who tears out his heart; the same fate that had met all the other New Gods who were killed.  Orion, Himon, and others discover the full extent of the death toll when on screens shows the New Gods who have been killed and others who are still missing.  The Forever People are shown to be missing and two of them are prime suspects as Serifan and Beautiful Dreamer are both seen leaving two of the murders.  Orion blames Darkseid.  While searching the Wall for clues, Takion is killed by a mysterious assailant whom he recognizes.  Superman, Mr. Miracle (Scott Free) and Orion battle Darkseid's shadow demons, and discover that Darkseid has obtained a portion of the Anti-Life Equation, which is still not as strong as Free's full control.  Stalemated, Darkseid tells the heroes that he knows what is causing the murders, but that even knowing that he will die, he sees a chance to gain advantage, though he'll still not reveal his plot to the three heroes.

In the past, Metron speaks to the glowing ball of light, which reveals itself as The Source and the cause of the death of the New Gods. Long ago, the Source was attacked by the Old Gods and split into two, light and dark. The light side recovered and brought about the Death of the Old Gods, and then attempted to recreate existence, but could only manage to make the flawed Fourth World due to its imperfection. It attempted to reunite with its darker part, but was delayed by the events of Crisis on Infinite Earths, which unified alternate realities and created an impenetrable Source Wall. The Source then orchestrated the events of Infinite Crisis, apparently subtly manipulating Alexander Luthor, and later the events of 52, to bring back the Multiverse, and freeing its dark half, which had taken the form of the Anti-Life Entity.  The Source thus reveals that it is now using an agent to eliminate the Fourth World in order to bring about the Fifth World, which will be perfect.  The Source agrees to Metron's request that he be allowed to witness the end of the Fourth World.

The reunited Source reveals how Miracle's beliefs were not of its doing.  Mister Miracle, feeling manipulated and betrayed by the Source, requests to be killed and he is.  Disgusted at The Source's ruthless treatment of its most loyal follower, Metron demands to be killed as well and The Source grants Metron's request.  The Source travels to Apokolips to engage the last New God, Darkseid, who has taken a serum giving him access to the power of the Anti-Life portion of The Source.

The Source and Darkseid battle as Superman watches.  Darkseid reveals that The Source's plan was to wipe out the New Gods and create the Fifth World.  The Source then releases Orion's ghost to attack Darkseid, who flees.  The Source merges New Genesis and Apokolips into one planet to create the Fifth World.  Superman witnesses all of this and returns home.

Did you get all that?  If not, this torrent, created to honor a request, is here for your downloading and perusing pleasures.

Enjoy, and seed, please.

