         Ask Video Melodyne Tutorial DVDR 
             Bilingual English - German

Thanks to its unique audio editing possibilities and its unrivalled sound quality, Melodyne is held in the highest esteem all over the world ΓÇö by musicians, producers and sound designers.

Learn everything from the most basic to the most advanced features Melodyne has to offer in this comprehensive, informative and professional video tutorial.

34 Videos
Available in English or German
Extremely high quality tutorial videos
Lots of real life audio examples
Easy to use interface
Mac OS X & Windows compatible

Melodyne Tutorial Contents:

    Melodyne - The differences
    Installation and First Run
    Audio and MIDI Setup
    Guided Tour
    The Transport
    The Mixer
    The Menus
    Quick Run Through
    Note Analysis
    The Tools
    Editing Pitch 1 - example video
    Editing Pitch 2
    Editing Tempo
    Editing Timing
    Note Separators
    Copy, Paste, Move, Lengthen
    Compound Notes
    Playback Algorithms
    Tone Scale and Tuning
    Variable Tempo Editing Mode
    Automatic Pitch and Time Correction - example video
    Editing in the Arrange Page
    Recording Audio
    The Melodyne Bridge - example video
    Rewire
    Definition: Detecting Audio 1
    Definition: Detecting Audio 2
    Preferences
    Keyboard Shortcuts
    Saving/Exporting Audio
    The Melody Manager
    MIDI
    Synchronization
    MIDI Remote

System Compatibility:

This product includes QuickTime 7.x Mac/PC which is required for video playback. DVD-Rom drive required for Mac/PC DVD-ROM. Internet product registration required. Minimum screen resolution for DVD-ROM 1024 x 768. 

PC: Windows XP Home or Professional, Intel Pentium or AMD Athlon 800 MHz or faster, 256 MB RAM. Windows MME or DirectSound Sound Card.

MAC: Requires Mac OS X v10.2 or higher, Power Mac G4 867 MHz, 256 MB RAM, Sound Card.

INSTALLATION:

   ΓÇó   Next Open or Mount the .ISO file by Double Clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an Virtual Drive which supports ISO files such as Deamon Tools for PC or Toast Titanium for MAC (  should do double-click only ) and then run the MelodyneTutorialDVD.exe.

        ΓÇó    That's it! Done.

                 enjoY!!!