The Sixth Season

Two and a Half Men is a television situational comedy (sitcom) about a carefree, womanizing bachelor whose life is turned upside down when his neurotic bother and son move in. The series first aired in 2003 and was widely received by audiences, as well as critics. The show's success comes from an excellent rounded cast, witty dialogue, and all-around goofy storylines. What it boils down to is that Two and a Half Men is a fun-filled sitcom with nonstop laughs. For more details about the show, please refer to DVD Talk's reviews of season one, season two, season three, season four, and season five.

Season six is a busy season for Charlie, Alan, and Jake. There are several new developments, which include Charlie trying out a monogamous relationship again, Alan getting too involved with Judith and Herb, Jake and Evelyn bonding, and more. Along the way, there are plenty of laughs, as the cast continues to work very well together. The show also has excellent writing and plotlines that keep the content fresh, despite revisiting many of the same old jokes and character intricacies. Overall, fans will not be disappointed with season six.

The season begins with the episode "Taterhead Is Our Love Child", which marks a new era for Charlie -- he starts to think about people other than himself. In this episode, he runs into an old girlfriend. She has a kid named Chuck who is the spitting image of Charlie. Charlie contemplates the effectiveness of condoms, as well as having his own child. It is a fun way to start the season with lots of goofiness coming from the main characters. "A Jock Strap In Hell" is another episode that highlights Charlie's growth and maturity as a human being. Back in season two, Charlie dated Jake's 5th grade teacher Miss Pasternak. Unfortunately, after he dumped her, she went a little crazy. In a very awkward, yet comical moment, Charlie, Alan, and Jake run into her at the local drug store. Her life is a mess and she has gone from teacher to stripper. Charlie feels guilt and helps her regain part of her life back. Of course, the situation blows up on everyone. The end result is a riot!



FRAME : 320x240
VIDEO : AVI @ 160 
AUDIO : MP3 @ 32
RUNS ON ALL MOBILE DEVICES

USE SMARTMOVIE, COREPLAYER, DIVX, UC PLAYER TO WATCH

ENJOY

IF YOU HAVE ANY REQUEST, LEAVE IT IN THE COMMENTS.