Blue Flamingo ~ A Search For CMS - African Records (Excelsior) [FLAC] {MKOP}

Blue Flamingo (real name: Ziya Ertekin) is a DJ from Rotterdam, The Netherlands. Ertekin owns a huge collection of 78 RPM records. He released three unique compilations of this vintage music: 78 r.p.m. (2008), Congo Jazz (2010) and A Search For CMS (2012)

Three months: that's that's how long the journey lasted that Ziya Ertekin (also known as Blue Flamingo) made through the African continent last year. It was an unforgettable experience that took him to six countries. This side project is an account of the single day that Blue Flamingo spent in Nairobi in search of the story behind CMS (Capitol Music Store), a Kenyan record label that had already been dissolved in the 1960s. It's said that the journey is more important than the destination, and this certainly applies to this musical quest that led to somew colourful encounters throughout the corners of the city. It was not only the story behind CMS and some other Kenyan labels like AGS (African Music Store) and Melodica that came to life; the history of East African popular music in general also unfolded bit by bit, from the early acoustic finger-picking styles to the later syncopated funky beats of benga music. The music of Congo in particular always has beewn a big influence on the music of Kenya and Tanzania. But a t the end of the 1960s and the beginning of the 1970s, when benga came to full maturity, it was briefly ''the hot new sound from Nairobi'' that spread to leave its mark.

01. Silfanu Auma - Were Kery & George Ramogi 
02. Tusaidie Maskini - G. Adolph Banyora 
03. Yuro Law Kwach - The People Succes
04. Tuli Saliwa Vijano Tano - George Mukabi 
05. Mpenzi Nipe Pete - Ben Blastus 
06. Joash Okowa - Victoria Revolution ΓÇÖ73
07. Omiya - Akumu Odhiambo 
08. Bibi Mama Ngani Mzuri - George Mukabi 
09. Oremo Janyawara - Melodica Succes 
10. Kazi Ya Ki Boy - Edward Nandwa 
11. Shokoloko Bango - John Ndolo & Ngambotano Boys 
12. Joseph Ochola - Ugambe Jazz 
13. Owiti Otiende - Opondo Mugoye 
14. Kilimanjaro - John Ondolo

Music keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders