                           Love/Hate | s03e06 | WS.PDTV

                            RTE One | 16 December 2012


ABOUT THE SERIES
The last time Darren tried to walk away from John Boy Power's toxic gangland world he was shot and almost died. Now recovering from his injuries but tortured by nightmares he tries to stay on the periphery and persuade Rosie (Ruth Negga) to come home from London. When John Boy pays off a large debt, Darren yet again finds himself trapped and back under John Boy's control.

Still spooked by the death of his brother Hughie, John Boy's drug habit is making him increasingly paranoid and erratic. Nidge, now John Boy's second in command and principle enforcer, is trying to juggle an always tricky personal and professional life. Trish is about to have a baby and Nidge must try to maintain peace as John Boy becomes progressively volatile. When a consignment of drugs is impounded by customs, it sparks a war with a rival gang leader Fran. As the crisis escalates, John Boy becomes unpredictable and dangerous; loyal to no-one including members of his own gang.


IN THIS EPISODE
Now the truth is out, Nidge is hiding out in a dingy hotel but he knows it's only a matter of time before Dano and his gang ΓÇô tooled up with an armoury of smuggled AK47s ΓÇô catch up with him. But maybe there is a deal to be done, and as Nidge sets out to enter the lionΓÇÖs den, a series of betrayals is set in motion leading to redemption, vengeance, and murder.

Written by Stuart Carolan.


CAST
Robert Sheehan     ... Darren Tracey
Ruth Bradley       ... Mary Tracey
Ruth Negga         ... Rosie
Killian Scott      ... Tommy
Tom Vaughan-Lawlor ... Nidge
Aoibhinn McGinnity ... Trish
Lawrence Kinlan    ... Elmo
Mark Dunne         ... Ado
Susan Loughnane    ... Debbie
Charlie Murphy     ... Siobhan
Patrick Murphy	   ... Karl
Jason Barry        ... Dano
Caoilfhionn Dunne  ... Lizzie
Eve Macklin        ... Georgina
Peter Coonan       ... Fran


These come from Irish Torrents dot com. The cappers there encode to target bitrate, 1000kbps or 1050kbps, rather than target file size of 350MB or 550MB. 

    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love/Hate_%28TV_series%29	


Subtitles for the whole season included here since some of the previous files were not in UTF-8 and didn't present the music note characters properly.


Sorry for totally forgetting to upload this two weeks ago. Some Christmas/New Year free leeches on some private sites distracted me and this fell through the big crack. If you also like Haven at least i had something to offer whilst you waited for me to remember to upload this. 