Ripped in Winamp Pro
Bitrate: VBR 192kbps 44Khz Joint Stereo


Digitally remastered by Erick Labson (MCA Music Media Studios, Hollywood, California).

The definitive best-of album by the long running British institution features a well-chosen bunch of songs from its albums between 1970 and 1981, plus some previously unreleased tracks (a studio version of "Where Were You Tomorrow") and gorgeous remixes of early favorites, in particular "Time Was," which here absolutely shreds the version on ARGUS. All in all, this set is a great way to sample the band's trademark melange of blues, folk, Yes-style riffs, and endearingly cosmic lyrics, not to mention the tag team guitars of Andy Powell and Ted Turner.

Highlights include the epic "Phoenix," a psychedelic jam that clocks in at over 10 minutes. There's also an impressively arranged live version of the Jimmy Reed blues classic "Baby What You Want Me to Do" (misidentified for some reason as the Everly Brothers' "You Got Me Runnin'"), and "Vas Dis," an uptempo shuffle originally by jazz organist Brother Jack McDuff which gives bassist Martin Turner (no relation) the chance to do some very impressive scat singing.

Includes liner notes by Todd Everett.

TIME WAS: THE WISHBONE ASH COLLECTION includes photos from Andy Powell's collection.

Personnel: Ted Turner (vocals, guitar, steel guitar); Andy Powell (vocals, guitar); Martin Turner (vocals, bass guitar); Laurie Weisfield (guitar); Steve Upton (drums).

Wishbone Ash: Andy Powell, Ted Turner, Laurie Wisefield (vocals, guitar); Martin Turner (vocals, bass); John Wetton (bass); Steve Upton (drums); Claire Hamill (background vocals).

Additional personnel: Nelson "Flaco" Padron (congas).

Label	MCA
Orig Year	1993

Discs	2
Release Date	Apr 27, 1993
Studio/Live	Mixed
Mono/Stereo	Stereo
Producer	Derek Lawrence; John Sherry; Howard Albert; Martin Turner; Nigel Gray; Ron Albert; Ted Turner; Bill Szymcyzk; Andy McKaie (Compilation)
Recording Time	146 minutes
Personnel	John Wetton - bass
Martin Turner - vocals, bass
Steve Upton - drums
Andy Powell - vocals, guitar
Laurie Wisefield - vocals, guitar
Ted Turner - vocals, guitar, steel guitar
Claire Hamill - background vocals
Laurie Weisfield - guitar


TRACK LISTING:

CD1:
1	Phoenix
2	Blind Eye
3	Errors of My Way
4	Handy
5	Vas Dis
6	Lullaby
7	Where Were You Tomorrow
8	Pilgrim
9	Blowin' Free
10	Time Was

CD2:
1	Warrior
2	Sometime World
3	King Will Come
4	So Many Things To Say
5	Ballad of the Beacon
6	Sorrel
7	Baby, What You Want Me to Do
8	F.U.B.B
9	Front Page News
10	714
11	You See Red
12	Pay the Price
13	Underground
