Weather HD, the iPhone and iPad's top selling weather application is now available for the Mac, and brings the stunning beauty and design of Weather HD tailored and specifically designed for Mac OS X.

In reviewing Weather HD for the iPad, The New York Times wrote: "Weather HD elevates the user, placing her at cloud level for a hushed real-time weather tableau that puts the web's goofy sunshine-rain-cloud icons to shame." 

REVIEWS

➤ "Weather HD Will Change the Way You Get Your Forecast on the Mac" - CultofMac
➤ "Forecast looks amazing for Weather HD for Mac" - TUAW: The Unofficial Apple Weblog.
➤ "This is a fantastic looking weather app for the Mac that combines beautiful interface elements with a cool window that displays animated views of the current weather conditions. It actually makes me want to check my weather even more often." - The Next Web.

FEATURES 

➤ Accurate weather forecast all-around the world supporting more than 2 million locations, with 7-day and 3-hourly forecasts.
➤ Stunning high-definition animations that depict the weather conditions.
➤ Animated Radar map in the U.S., Canada and Australia.
➤ Weather maps including Satellite, Temperature, Humidity and much more. 
➤ Detailed moon phases information including sunrise and sunset.
➤ Customizable temperature notifications per city.
➤ QuickMenu in the toolbar for quick access to the current weather conditions and alerts.
➤ Severe Alerts in the U.S. and Europe.
➤ On-screen clock that can be set to show either your time, or every city's local time.
➤ Weather data provided by world-class weather provider The Weather Underground.

INSTRUCTIONS

➤ To add a city, click on Preferences, and in the window that pops up, click the "Add New City" button below the list of cities.
➤ To delete a city, click on Preferences, select a city, and click on the "Delete Selected City" button below the list of cities.
➤ To set a notification, click on Preferences, choose a city and click "Edit" button. 

SUPPORT 

If you have any questions, suggestions or encounter problems, please contact us at support@vimov.com 

Follow us on Twitter:Become a fan on Facebook:

If you like Weather HD, please leave us a review on the Mac App Store. Your support would greatly help.