Here you have the whole Angry Birds Premium Collection, Latest Version.

Year: 2012
Language: Multi
Platform: Windows XP, Vista, 7
File size: 179 MB
Genre: Puzzle | Action

Contains:
Angry Birds Classic HD
Angry Birds Rio HD
Angry Birds Seasons HD
Angry Birds Space HD

Angry Birds Classic HD:
The survival of the Angry Birds is at stake. Dish out revenge on thegreen pigs who stole the BirdsΓÇÖ eggs. Use the unique powersofthe Angry Birds to lay waste to the pigsΓÇÖ confoundingconstructions. Angry Birds features challenging, physics-baseddemolition gameplay with hours and hours of replay value. Each of the240+ levels requires logic, skill, and brute force to crush the enemy.

Angry Birds Rio HD:
The Angry Birds have been captured, caged, and taken to Rio! There theymeet new friends, and work together to make their escape from adesolate grey warehouse to the lush green jungle. Help the Angry Birdsescape and beat their captors by bombarding the evil marmosets andsmashing all obstacles in the way!

Angry Birds Seasons HD:
Get into the spirit of seasonal varieties of Angry Birds! Angry BirdsSeasons features exciting episodes for Halloween, Christmas,Valentine's Day, St.Patrick's Day, Easter, Summer, and the ChineseMid-Autumn Moon Festival. These special episodes offer more challenginglevels of pig-popping action and slightly harder golden eggs todiscover!

The chase is on! After a giant claw kidnaps their eggs, the Angry Birdschase it into a wormhole and find themselves floating in a strange newgalaxy ΓÇô surrounded by space pigs! Luckily the Angry Birdshave super powers of their ownΓÇª

Angry Birds Space HD:
introduces you to new adventures onplanets and in zero gravity, resulting in spectacular gameplay rangingfrom slow-motion puzzles to lightspeed destruction. With brand newbirds, brand new superpowers, and a whole galaxy to explore, the sky isno longer the limit!

Also featuring the DANGER ZONE, the most difficult Angry Birds levelsever! Can you master the Danger Zone?

Minimum System Requirements:
OS Windows XP SP2
RAM 512MB
CPU 1 GHz
Graphic OpenGL 1.3 compatible

Install Games Full Version, Not Require Serial
