Upon powering up Little Inferno you will be greeted with a title screen that showcases both the art style and the music, which should be very familiar to fans of World of Goo. The same unique blend of silliness and epicness that we saw (and heard) in World of Goo is very present in Little Inferno, although the soundtrack is a bit more limited. After starting a new game you will be introduced to your fireplace, complete with a warmly smiling machine face attached to the back of it, which seems to somehow stare directly into your soul, despite the fact that his are not open. You may as well get used to this fireplace, as the entire game takes place here. A sign inside the fireplace will teach you how to create fire (using the Wii U GamePad, you simply touch the screen), and the first thing that you will burn will be, fittingly, the sign itself. If you find this cleverly ironic, well... this is just the tip of the iceberg. You will then receive a letter explaining the purchase of your new “Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace”, as well as a copy of the terms and conditions of owning it. Take a guess what you will do with these.
 
http://media1.gameinformer.com/imagefeed/featured/tomorrowcorporation/littleinferno/littleinfernoteaser_610.jpg 
http://www.ntower.de/upload_bilder/LittleInfernoNews.jpg 
http://www.ntower.de/data/36389-631-350.jpg 
http://www.gamers-association.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/Little-Inferno-Burning1.jpg

And then the game truly begins. You receive your first catalog and can start purchasing things to burn in your fireplace. When you burn objects, you gain money. What can you do with this money? Why, buy more objects to burn, of course! Burn and buy, buy and burn, it’s a dirty little cycle, and when you burn enough objects and save up enough money, you can purchase new catalogs which will let you buy even more objects to burn! And if you’re getting impatient, there are tickets that you acquire that you can spend to have your objects shipped to you faster. Methinks there may be a not-so-veiled message on the vapid nature of the endless cycle of consumerism contained here. Oh, there is much more than that, but I don’t want to spoil it for you.

Speaking of, the narrative of Little Inferno is presented through letters that you will occasionally receive from various people. A representative of Tomorrow Corporation, the company that manufactures the Little Inferno, who gives off a vaguely sinister vibe behind her corporate zest. A young girl who is pained with isolation, and seems overly interested in your doings, appearing to know a lot more about you than she should. The weather man, who appears to be the only one reporting on the state of the world outside created by this thoughtless cycle of consumerism, as everyone is too busy glaring into the fire of the Little Inferno to ever leave their house. I told you this was a clever game.