RELEASE NOTES

Hitman: Absolution follows the Original Assassin undertaking his most
personal contract to date. Betrayed by the Agency and hunted by the
police, Agent 47 finds himself pursuing redemption in a corrupt and
twisted world.

Features:

Showcasing Glacier 2 technology: HITMAN: ABSOLUTION has been built from
the ground up, boasting a cinematic story, distinctive art direction
and highly original game and sound design.

Contracts Mode: Create your own custom hits by choosing the level,
targets, weapons and the rules of assassination in an innovative new
online mode. Created contracts can be shared with friends or the whole
Hitman community and the money that you earn will unlock weapons,
upgrades and disguises.

Freedom of Choice: Stalk your prey, fight them head on or adapt as you
go along. As Agent 47 the choice is yours thanks to highly evolved
gameplay mechanics and a ground-breaking AI system.

Experience a Living, Breathing World: In the world of Hitman:
Absolution every moment can become a story as unique characters, rich
dialogue and Hollywood standard performances combine to create a
gameplay experience like no other.

Disguises: As Agent 47, the identity of almost anyone you meet is yours
for the taking. Immobilise your prey, steal their outfit and use your
instinct to blend in and deceive your enemies.

Instinct Mode: See the world through the eyes of Agent 47 and become
the world's deadliest assassin. Using Hitman: Absolution's Instinct
Mode you'll predict enemy movement, discover new ways to kill and use
high powered weaponry with deadly accuracy.





Agency Gun Pack DLC including:

Upgraded silencer
Laser sights
Agency Jagd P22G: A modern top-tier pistol
Agency HX UMP: Powerful high-caliber SMG
Agency SPS 12: Brutal semi-automatic shotgun

DLC

Hitman: Absolution: Agency Jagd P22G
Hitman: Absolution: Agency SPS 12
Hitman: Absolution: Agency HX UMP
Hitman: Absolution: Bartoli Custom Gun
Hitman: Absolution: Krugermeier 2-2 Gun
Hitman: Absolution: Bronson M1928 Gun
Hitman: Absolution: High Tech Disguise
Hitman: Absolution: High Roller Disguise
Hitman: Absolution: Public Enemy Disguise
Hitman: Absolution: Deus Ex (Adam Jensen) Disguise
Hitman: Absolution: Deus Ex (Adam Jensen) Handgu
 
http://i.imgur.com/IOgwJ.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/7t9f9.jpg 
http://i.imgur.com/nGfIB.jpg


INSTALL NOTES
RUN ONLY THE Hitman-Absolution+11DLC-=AviaRa=-.exe
1. Install (NO NEED FOR SERIAL OR CRACK)
2. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
3. Play the game
4. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy


More info and support here:  
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=14538.0
