Cure Tooth Decay - Remineralize Cavities and Repair Your Teeth Naturally with Good Food
By Ramiel Nagel
Golden Child Publishing | 2011 | ISBN-10: 0-9820213-2-1 | xvi + 234 pages | PDF | 23.5 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Cure-Tooth-Decay-International-ebook/dp/B004FGMSZU 
http://www.curetoothdecay.com 

Forget about drilling, filling, and the inevitable billing. Your teeth can heal naturally because they were never designed to decay in the first place! They were designed to remain strong and healthy for your entire life. But the false promises of conventional dentistry have led us down the wrong path, leading to invasive surgical treatments that include fillings, crowns, root canals and dental implants.

Now there is a natural way to take control of your dental health by changing the food that you eat. Cure Tooth Decay is based upon the pioneering nutritional program of dentist Weston Price, former head of research at the National Dental Association. Dr. PriceΓÇÖs program proved to be 90-95% or more effective in remineralizing tooth cavities utilizing only nutritional improvements in the diet. Cure Tooth Decay is the result of five years of research and trial and error that started as one fatherΓÇÖs journey to cure his daughterΓÇÖs rapidly progressing tooth decay. With Cure Tooth Decay you will join the thousands of people who have learned how to remineralize teeth, eliminate tooth pain or sensitivity, avoid root canals, stop cavities -- sometimes instantaneously, regrow secondary dentin, form new tooth enamel, avoid or minimize gum loss, heal and repair tooth infections, only use dental treatments when medically necessary, save your mouth (and your pocketbook) from thousands of dollars of unneeded dental procedures, and increase your overall health and vitality.

Cure Tooth Decay provides you with clear and easy to understand dental facts to help you make healthy, life-affirming choices about your dental health. It is about healing cavities without dental surgery or fluoride. Cure Tooth Decay highlights include: conventional dentistry's losing war against bacteria, why people fear the dentist and what you can do about it, the power of butter to heal teeth, the difference between healthy and unhealthy fats, specific dietary and meal plans that highlight the types of foods to eat every day to remineralize teeth, a simple cavity-healing program that is easy to follow, the cause of dental plaque and an amazing technique to reverse gum disease, safe dental filling materials, how to find a good minimally invasive dentist, how to prevent root canals, how to monitor tooth decay at home, toxic vs. non-toxic tooth cleaners, your bite: a hidden cause of cavities, understanding ideal jaw position and TMJ dysfunction, how to save your wisdom teeth, x-ray proof that cavities can heal, how to heal children's cavities and find peace, why women get cavities during pregnancy and how to stop it, and so much more.

About the Author
Ramiel Nagel is an internationally published author whose tooth decay research has been featured in Nexus Magazine and the Townsend Letter for Doctors and Patients. Nagel has a BA from the University of California and has five years of training in emotional health care. Nagel is a member of the Price-Pottenger Nutrition Foundation and the Weston A. Price Foundation. He lives in California with his spouse and two daughters.
