We made our software as flexible as possible, so it will satisfy needs of the experienced professionals. On the other hand, our tools can be configured to operate in automatic mode, so you can avoid sophisticated technical questions if you are new to data recovery. In automatic mode all options are preconfigured by us to provide the best possible results. Zero Assumption Recovery (ZAR) - the full-blown but inexpensive recovery software, running under Windows, recovering damaged FAT16/32 and NTFS volumes.

ZAR is the powerful and thorough software that we develop. 

The main features of our Windows data recovery software are:
Runs on Windows NT/2000/XP/2003/Vista/7 
Supported filesystems are FAT16, FAT32 and NTFS (all versions)
Provides limited ext2 (Linux filesystem) support
Support for partition recovery
Support for hardware RAID0 and RAID5 recovery
Long and national file names are supported
Native NTFS compression is supported

What makes ZAR different? 

There are three main reasons:

Firstly, it is easy to use. You can recover the data yourself as long as you are reasonably familiar with computers. ZAR is ideal for the home user who knows what a hard drive is and how many there are in his system - but more technically minded users can also benefit from a wide range of configuration options.

Secondly, it takes its time. When you are trying to recover critical data, you need to be persistent and painstakingly thorough. ZAR slowly and methodically crawls through your disk, checking and cross-checking everything and recovering as much data as possible. Faster programs may skip though your disk in seconds and come out empty-handed. ZAR persists, and succeeds.

Thirdly, it is more powerful than most. We know that you are trying to recover important data, and that every single piece that you retrieve could be vital. With Zero Assumption Recovery, nothing is assumed - ZAR never relies on anything located on the damaged disk. If incoherencies are discovered, thorough checks and cross-checks are used to derive the necessary information. The algorithms are built to withstand a severe pounding, which means that ZAR can recover data even when things seem hopeless.

WebSite: http://www.z-a-recovery.com/info.htm
?S: Windows XP and Windows Vista/7
Language: English / Ru / Deutsch / French