Bigasoft Facebook Downloader

Bigasoft Facebook Downloader is the most professional Facebook Video Downloader that can download Facebook video to save Facebook video on your PC, iPad, iPhone, BlackBerry, Apple TV, Zune, PSP, PS3, Pocket PC, Creative Zen, Xbox, Archos and more to fulfill enjoying Facebook videos anywhere, any time with fast speed and high quality.

Bigasoft Facebook Converter is not only able to download videos from Facebook. The good Facebook Video Downloader can also download videos from almost all video sharing and video publishing websites like YouTube, Google Videos, Metacafe, eHow, Vimeo, MTV, BBC,etc to enjoy Facebook videos online and offline.

The outstanding Facebook Video Converter is also Facebook MP3 Converter that enables to download video from Facebook and convert Facebook video for enjoying.

Key Features

Download Facebook Video
Bigasoft Facebook Downloader is the professional Facebook Video Downloader specially designed to download video from Facebook. Bigasoft Facebook Converter provides the best way to download video Facebook online and save Facebook video.

Convert Facebook MP3
Bigasoft Facebook Video Converter helps convert Facebook video to MP3, AAC and more audio format with ease. The good Facebook Downloader is also able to convert Facebook to almost all the popular video formats including MP4, FLV, and more.

Automatically Convert
Bigasoft Facebook Video Downloader enables to download videos from Facebook and automatically convert Facebook videos. Converting Facebook Video to save Facebook videos anywhere, anytime is so easy.

Support Various Popular Downloading Sites
Bigasoft Facebook Video Downloader is not just a Facebook Downloader. The outstanding Facebook Converter can download videos from almost all video sharing and video publishing websites like YouTube, Google Videos, Metacafe, eHow, Vimeo, MTV, BBC,etc.

Download Video from Facebook with Fast Speed and High Quality
Downloading video Facebook with Bigasoft Facebook MP3 Converter is quite easy with the high downloading speed and the super video quality. It is so easy to download Facebook Video.

Increase Volume
Bigasoft Facebook Converter supports increasing the video and audio volume. With Bigasoft Facebook Video Downloader, the low audio problem will be totally removed.

Free Set the Number of Simultaneous Download and Convert
Bigasoft Facebook Downloader can help download Facebook Video and convert Facebook video and free set the number of simultaneous download and convert in "Preference".

Visual Downloading Progress Bar
It is quite easy to see how many Facebook videos downloaded and converted in Bigasoft Facebook Converter as well as Bigasoft Facebook MP3 Converter.

Provide Beneficial Features
Choosing the video quality, Cutting videos, naming downloaded file intelligently, easy to pause and resume downloading and so on are provided by Bigasoft Facebook Video Downloader. It is so easy to download videos from Facebook and do the basic editing.

Facebook Video Converter for the Whole World
The efficient Facebook Video Downloader supports multi-language in English, German, and Arabic now.

Facebook Downloader for Windows System
Bigasoft Facebook MP3 Converter is fully compatible with 64bit/32bit Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows 2000 to download video from Facebook.

System Requirements:

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, or Windows 8
1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
512MB RAM or more
30MB free hard disk space for installation
Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher

Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/facebook-downloader.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.