[rant]If y'all are going to copy my torrents back to the file share sites, please include the entire description, except maybe for this rant, to show how you got it or I will start naming you besides posting sarcastically in your thread. If that doesn't work, maybe I will cut out a vital file people can only get by PMing me at the forums. I very supportive of free information exchange, but when you edit out my link and insert text asking for money, you are being as lame as komu who charges for warez.
Another option would be to make your own description and images, huh, there's an idea, actually do a little work if you're gonna ask for money.[/rant]

This is a PCC derivative I found on Kaskus.

Anchorage Ted Stevens International (PANC) one of the most important airports in Alaskas and destination of many national and international flight connections. Beside asian and russian airlines also from Frankfurt fly german Condor and the switzerland airline Edelweiß from ZRH in the month may to september to Anchorage.

There probably is no place on the globe where aviation is as important as in Alaska. In this great state roads are scarce and limited to the major cities. The vast wilderness can only be reached by aircraft. Often only by floatplane or small aircraft equipped for off airport landings. And Anchorage International Airport ‘Ted Stevens’ is at the center of much of this aviation.

It is in many ways a remarkable airport. Not only does is the main connection to the other US states (a connection mainly flown by Alaska Airlines 737 in their characteristic livery) and as a hub for intercontinental flights, it is also a bush airport with a large dirt strip for the small planes that do not really like concrete and tarmac.

It even has one of the largest seaplane bases in the world on Lake Hood that’s located next to the airport. Add the violent weather and the long hours of darkness in the winter and you end up with an airport that is in all way remarkable and well worth a superb rendering for Flight Simulator.

As always simWings did a fantastic job on an airport that no serious flightsimmer can do without.

Features: 

    Anchorage Ted Stevens Airport with all buildings and facilities (International Terminal, National Terminal, Cargo area, Maintenance area, Kulis Air national Guard Base, South Airpark,...)
    Detailed rendering of LakeHood, the water airport (LHD) including many static small airplanes
    Landing strip Z41
    Aerial photos for the ground texture with a resolution down to 15cm/pixel
    AESLite ground vehicle traffic on the airport and nearby roads (with suitable vehicles like pickups)
    Trains between airport station and Anchorage with functional crossings for the cars!
    Fitting autogen to the ground texture
    Complete taxi and runway signs
    Smooth integration to the environment because of  adapted  coastlines with own mesh in the airport area avoiding plateau effects using other add-ons
    Aircraft Access Gates on the taxiways from PANC to LHD or Z41 opens automatically when you get close
    Detailed AFCAD files for all airports included
    Custom 3D RWY-lightning, 3D taxiway lightning
    Compatible with AES
 
http://en.shop.aerosoft.com/eshop.php?action=article_detail&s_supplier_aid=11886&s_design=DEFAULT&shopfilter_category=Flight%20Simulation&s_language=english




Please visit my thread in the Suprbay forums. There you can see the latest news, drop a comment and use the private message system to contact me directly. That forum has a rating system similar to the quality field found at the top of all torrents. Perhaps you'd like to say hi or show your support.
    
https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=113113&pid=709028#pid709028