the andoid, mac, and ios versions are already on the site, i saw this was needed so here it is.

DRM-free installer


Reviews

“Art so beautiful it could have been lifted from a Miyazaki movie.”
8/10 – Wired

“Perhaps this is the video game community’s chance to atone for all those lemmings they killed back in the 90s?”
85/100 – IndieGameMag

“Clearly one of the best contemporary puzzle games today.”
– Good Game Get!

About the Game

Spirits is a relaxing action-puzzle game with a dynamic wind and world environment. Autumn is quickly approaching, and the spirits of fallen leaves are setting out on their journey home. Guide them by changing how the wind blows or by rebuilding the ground. Each spirit can be sacrificed to perform one of four actions – build a bridge of leaves, create a blowing cloud, dig tunnels, or block wind currents in an area. Use your actions wisely or you will run out of spirits. In each level it's up to you to find your own creative solution on how to get the spirits to the goal.
Key Features

    Play through 46 beautiful hand-drawn levels in a poetic game world.
    Influence a highly dynamic wind system to help the spirits find their way to the swirl.
    Build new paths and dig through destructible level geometry.
    Collect hard-to-reach plants and find the perfect solution to each level.
    Stunning illumination effects meet thousand and one particles.
    New levels designed by #1 player Pyjamads.
    Orchestral music and Sound Effects by IGF-nominee Martin Straka.
    Steam achievements and custom world ranks.
    Play it on PC and Mac with SteamPlay and Steam Cloud.
    Digital booklet "The Art of Spirits" with previously unreleased material. 

PC System Requirements

    Minimum:
        OS: Windows XP
        Processor: 2.0GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor, or similar
        Memory: 2 GB RAM
        Graphics: Graphics card with 128 Mb VRAM and Framebuffer Object support. Integrated graphics cards may not work.
        DirectX®: 9.0c
        Hard Drive: 150 MB HD space
        Sound: Any

    Recommended:
        OS: Windows XP, Vista or Windows 7
        Memory: 2 GB RAM
        Graphics: 256 Mb Video Ram
        DirectX®: 9.0c
        Hard Drive: 200 MB HD space

