CONTENTS
--------

Cihan Tuğal: Democratic Janissaries?
Turkey has been hailed in the West as a democratic model for the Islamic world. Cihan Tuğal takes a cool look at the Erdoğan government’s domestic and foreign-policy record, from ‘zero problems’ diplomacy to the blockade of Libya and dirty war on Damascus, airstrikes on Turkish Kurds and silence on Bahrain.
Wolfgang Streeck: Citizens as Customers
Post-Fordist capitalism has transformed consumers’ expectations, offering limitless diversification of commodities. Wolfgang Streeck explores the implications for a public sphere which cannot hope to match the cornucopia of the market. The consumption of politics by the politics of consumption?
Jan Breman: The Undercities of Karachi
Pakistan’s turbulent metropolis as battleground for gangsters and politicians, and the iniquitous rural order that propels impoverished haris to its slums.
Robin Blackburn: Alexander Cockburn, 1941–2012
A tribute to Alexander Cockburn—director of CounterPunch, Marxian environmentalist, long-standing editor of New Left Review. Robin Blackburn traces his path from County Cork to Soho, Havana to Manhattan, the Florida Keys to California’s Lost Coast.
Alexander Cockburn: Dispatches
Reports from Paris and Moscow on the bicentenary of 1789 and dissolution of the USSR—mitterandistes hailing the Girondins as forerunners of themselves, while Yeltsin thanks George Bush for his support—and lethal advice for Western foreign correspondents.
Yiannis Mavris: Greece's Austerity Election
Social and demographic analysis of the May and June 2012 polls, as the country reels under EU structural adjustment. Narrow basis of Samaras’s ‘national’ government, DIMAR’s defection and emergence of SYRIZA as a new force on the left.
José Carlos Avellar: The Three-Headed Horse
Echoes and parallels between the work of Eisenstein, Picasso and Orozco in the late 1930s. The recurring spectres of war, conquest and destruction stalking the world from Moscow to Guadalajara to Guernica, travelling back and forth between film, wall and canvas.
BOOK REVIEWS

Sven Lütticken on Asger Jorn, Fraternité Avant Tout. The Danish artist and Situationist wrestles with Engels and Nietzsche.
Joel Andreas on Martin King Whyte, Myth of the Social Volcano. Empirical survey of attitudes to inequality in the PRC, offering comfort for Beijing.
Dylan Riley on Sheri Berman, The Primacy of Politics and Ashley Lavelle, The Death of Social Democracy. Conflicting assessments of Bernstein’s legatees and the future of a reformist left.
Emilie Bickerton on Thierry Discepolo, La Trahison des éditeurs. The Hexagon’s ‘quality’ book trade skewered by a leading radical publisher.


ABOUT NLR
---------

A 160-page journal published every two months from London, New Left Review analyses world politics, the global economy, state powers and protest movements; contemporary social theory, history and philosophy; cinema, literature, heterodox art and aesthetics. It runs a regular book review section and carries interviews, essays, topical comments and signed editorials on political issues of the day. ‘Brief History of New Left Review’ gives an account of NLR’s political and intellectual trajectory since its launch in 1960.

The NLR Online Archive includes the full text of all articles published since 1960; the complete index can be searched by author, title, subject or issue number. The full NLR Index 1960-2010 is available in print and can be purchased here. Subscribers to the print edition get free access to the entire online archive; two or three articles from each new issue are available free online. If you wish to subscribe to NLR, you can take advantage of special offers by subscribing online, or contact the Subscriptions Director below.

NLR is also published in Spanish, and selected articles are available in Greek, Italian, Korean, Portuguese and Turkish.

Submissions to the journal are welcome, but please consult the submission guidelines before sending in an article or book review. For queries concerning advertising, bookshop distribution or subscriptions, please consult the full contact details.		