Bit: 64bit
Compatibility with Vista: unknown
Compatible with Windows 7: The only x64 (64-bit)

System requirements:

 At a minimum, the 64-bit version of Autodesk Entertainment Creation Suites 2013 software
 requires a system with the following hardware:
 Windows: Intel Pentium 4, AMD Athlon processor with SSE3 instruction set support (or
 higher)
 4 GB RAM
 Entertainment Creation Suites Ultimate will require a minimum of 17 GB free disk space
 Users should allocate an additional 2 GB hard drive space for swap space
 Qualified 512 MB hardware-accelerated OpenGL 2.0 (and higher) professional graphics
 card
 Three-button mouse with mouse driver software or certified Wacom tablet
 USB 2.0 except for the Education Suite for Entertainment Creation will require a DVDROM drive

Description: Full-featured software for 3D-animation
 Autodesk ® Entertainment Creation Suite 2013 Ultimate provides 3D-tools that can be adapted to the peculiarities of his working process and even the specific task. It provides customers and artists greater workflow flexibility, which improves performance, re-use and enhances the creative potential, while allowing significant cost savings.
 Complete suite of 3D-Tool - Access to proven functions of 3D-modeling, animation, effects, rendering and compositing with the included software complex products Autodesk ® Maya ® and Autodesk ® 3ds Max ®.
 Manufacturing flexibility - Sharing Maya and 3ds Max to redirect existing sets of data in any format and provide customers the freedom to artists and organizations working on the project by any method they use.
 New creative possibilities - Impressive effects, procedural models and simulation of movements of the crowd with the help of intuitive environment Interactive Creative Environment (ICE) in Autodesk ® Softimage ®, as well as the rapid development of high-quality facial animation with a set of tools Autodesk ® Face Robot ®.
 Intuitive digital sculpture and drawing - Create highly detailed organic models using intuitive tools Autodesk ® Mudbox ® for sculptural modeling, formation of texture and paint.
 Nonlinear create animation in real-time and virtual production - Increased productivity training animations and developing virtual production, combined with interactive 3D-core set of tools for processing information about motion capture and nonlinear editing capabilities Autodesk ® MotionBuilder ®.
 High quality texture baking - Creating a general illumination for next-generation games, baking textures, the creation of maps and vertex point cloud by using an add Turtle for Autodesk Maya 2013.
 Sketching Conceptual Design - Intuitive tool sets Autodesk ® SketchBook ® Designer, combining features of drawing and vector graphics, help implement new ideas to create characters, objects and environment.
 Simplified interaction - Increased creativity and performance optimization is achieved thanks to the new possibilities of interaction and standardized interfaces 2013 product releases.
