Ladies and gentlemen,

This is an address to the people and media outlets of the world. Allow me to share with you a message. What you take from this message is for you to decide, but we must address some important issues at hand as to who we are and what we stand for. We are simply Anonymous. And before I tell you what Anonymous is, allow me to begin by sharing with you a story of one person who takes the step to becoming Anonymous. This person is neither you nor I, but everyone. It is our brother, our sister our family and our friend. This is their story:

I awoke today much like any other. The alarm, the slight ache nagging in my back, the random ray of light sneaking through the curtain. Today was just like the last and a precursor to tomorrow. Every day was exactly the same. Wake up, coffee, cigarette, get ready, off to work. Spend all day at work dealing with bullshit I could care less about, simply to make a few bucks. Go home, eat, two hours of MY time, bed. Rinse, repeat.

And this is how today was different. Because today...it hit me. Today I recognized this system for what it is. BULLSHIT. Today I identified within myself what life should be, rather than what is simply accepted. But why? Why do so many people become so completely dismissive of that tiny little itch deep within their soul that calls out to them, trying to remind them what this life could be...or perhaps I should further emphasize my belief by saying what this life should be.

Are we really here to be born into this world, raised as a child and molded into conformity? Taught what it is to be "normal", how to think, what to say, how to live? We begin our young lives with constant indoctrination under the guise of education only to grow up with higher expectations from all the garbage society shoves into our minds. Our obsession with idols, entertainment and celebrities has us chasing unattainable wealth and fame until we finally realize that reality is knocking on our door and it's time to put the suit on and get that dream job everyone always talks about. And why not? Maybe get a nice house in the suburbs, nice car, enough money to live comfortably numb to the world around us. Maybe a nice little dog would do too? Yes I think so. Sony has a new big screen? Why yes, I must have that. Right after I get the iPhone 15! We grow up being told who to be. We become that person and we are told what to buy, what to wear and how to be happy. And if you can't, there's drugs to help. Then we get old, maybe buy a home in Florida and we die. Is this what we are here for? To be shaped into molds, taught to consume until the day we're put in the ground?
