Description

Screencasts are the most effective way of explaining how to work on a Mac to friends, relatives, colleagues or customers. Screenium will help you demonstrate a workflow by making capturing it easy. Start the recording and forget about it while you concentrate on what you do best — equipping your viewers with knowledge.

Screenium 2 offers a choice of four capture modes: capture the entire screen, a single window, a freely selectable area on your screen or have an area follow your mouse pointer.
Screenium 2 also introduces a completely new and built-in video editor. Now it is also possible to create stunning compositions of your captured videos directly in Screenium 2.
Whether it is cutting, adding transitions, organizing your screencast with chapter marks, or adding effects and animated forms and text, Screenium 2 offers all the features you need to create sophisticated screencasts.

■ Cut and edit you video directly in Screenium 2
■ Organize your video with chapter marks
■ Emphasize you mouse clicks or focus on the menu you were working in by adding zoom effects in the video editor
■ Animate text and shapes in the video editor to hide sensitive information or to highlight menu entries
■ Customize cross fade animations and brush up you screencast with special effects
■ Edit audio and add audio filters to improve sound quality
■ Have Screenium hide your desktop wallpaper and icons during capture.
■ Record everything you hear from your Mac's speakers along with the video.
■ Connect a microphone or use your Mac's integrated mic to record your voice.
■ Integrate a video from any QuickTime-compatible webcam or from your Mac's integrated iSight.
■ Have your mouse pointer and your clicks stand out with the included mouse visualization.
■ Control main features with freely assignable keyboard shortcuts.
■ Export your captured videos into any QuickTime format available on your Mac. 

What's New in Version 2.1.1

Retina support for recording
User interface has been adopted for Retina
Fixed a bug that lead to Keynote presentations not being recorded properly
Other stability improvements and performance enhancements 