                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Basic antivirus protection that stops viruses and spyware, so you can safely go online and share.

    Five patented layers of protection qui

Features

    Advanced protection for your PC – includes everything from Norton AntiVirus

EXCLUSIVE

    Norton Protection System – Our 5 patented layers of protection detect and eliminate threats more quickly and accurately than other technologies.
    Browser Protection – Proactively protects you by checking for and blocking online threats as your browser loads, to stop online threats before they can do damage.

IMPROVED

    SONAR Behavioral Protection & Live 24x7 Threat Monitoring – Stays ahead of, detects and eliminates threats that haven’t been invented yet by watching your PC for suspicious activity.

NEW

    Threat-removal Layer – Targets and eliminates hard-to-remove threats less sophisticated products often miss.

EXCLUSIVE

    Insight – Improves performance by identifying safe files and only scanning unknown files.
    Download Insight 2.0 – Protects you from dangerous applications before you install them by telling you if they are harmful or unstable.

NEW

    Always up-to-date Product Version – Norton automatically sends you important product and feature updates throughout the year. The latest version installs without you needing to do anything.
    FREE 24x7 Support – Offers you expert help and answers by phone, live chat or online, whenever you need them.1

EXCLUSIVE

    Norton Management – Cloud-based controls let you fix, update, renew and install Norton AntiVirus over the Internet with a few simple clicks. It brings together your available Norton protection for other devices, like your Mac® computer, smartphone or tablet, in one place.

IMPROVED

    Bandwidth Management 2.0 – Automatically adjusts Norton data usage updates when you connect to 3G networks to avoid using up your monthly data allotment or causing overage fees.
    Vulnerability Protection – Stops cybercriminals from using security holes (vulnerabilities) in applications to sneak threats onto your PC.

EXCLUSIVE

    Norton Pulse Updates – Updates your protection every 5 to 15 minutes, without disrupting you.

ckly and accurately detect and eliminate viruses and spyware.
    Lets you download and freely share without getting or passing on viruses.
    Protects your privacy and prevents your passwords and identity from being stolen when you surf the Web.


                                   By bobiras2009	