


POtHS - Creation 57

The Latest On Cavemen




POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

Description:

POtHS - Creation - 57 - The Latest On Cavemen

The Latest on Cavemen by Dave Prentice:
Rocky Mountain Creation Fellowship (http://denvercreation.org) celebrated the new year with a return visit from science educator Dave Prentice of New Orleans, LA. Dave received his B.S. degree in Physics from Loyola University, New Orleans, in 1976. Having been trained to believe in evolution, he continued to do so even after becoming a Christian in 1980.

When the Louisiana legislature passed the "Balanced Treatment Act" in 1980 requiring that the evidence for creation be presented alongside that for evolution, his state representative tried to repeal the law. Dave contacted him to say that it was only fair for the "other guys," the creationists, to have their say. In response to his representative's statement that there was no evidence for creation, Dave began doing research to investigate the claims of the creationists. Within six months of study, he became one of them! Since then he has appeared on radio and television and taught seminars, Sunday school classes, and Bible college classes in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Texas, Washington, Colorado, Haiti, Peru, China, India, Honduras, South Africa, Zambia, Kenya, Uganda, Singapore, Malaysia, Cambodia, and Sri Lanka. As shown below, he is into fossil digging.

After working in the computer industry for over 27 years, Dave went through a midlife career change in 1999 and became a fulltime high school science teacher. He holds a Louisiana lifetime certificate to teach physics, chemistry, biology, general science and mathematics. He has two master's degrees, M.Ed. in Curriculum and Instruction - Secondary Science Education, and Master of Arts in Science Teaching as well as a Masters Plus 30. He has been a classroom teacher for twelve years and is currently teaching in the Jefferson Parish Public School System.
----------------------------------------------------------

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 



