Math for Moms and Dads - A Dictionary of Terms and Concepts … Just for Parents
by Catherine V. Jeremko
Kaplan Publishing | October 2008 | ISBN-10: 1427798192 | ePUB/PDF | 3.15/18.3 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Math-Moms-Dads-dictionary-concepts-just/dp/1427798192
PDF conversion is mine.

Kids are struggling with math in school, on tests, and with homework. Parents feel stressed, helpless, and math-phobic. They struggle to encourage and assist on the very subject they are least prepared to manage: MATH.
Broken down using straightforward, simple language, this guide offers parents who are easily intimidated by math instructive and handy concepts to use when helping their students with homework or studying for a big test.
Parents banish math phobia once and for all by facing math head-on in Math for Moms and Dads. Frequently, the issue isn’t “how to,” it’s actually “what do they want me to do?” Learning the language of math in context is the first step in the right direction for helping yourself in today’s math morass so parents can help their child find his or her way out of any math quagmire.
Using a similar methodology applied in SAT Score-Raising Math Dictionary, Kaplan now focuses on the parent in this no-nonsense guide to the lexicon of math. Math terminology and key concepts are defined and decoded into regular, everyday language to promote authentic understanding of what’s at the heart of any math problem.
Parents (and then students) learn how to kick word problems to the curb once they figure out how to simplify the language of math with Math for Moms and Dads' easy-to-follow lexicon and resource guide!

About the Author
Kaplan Publishing is one of the nation's leading publishers of academic and professional development resources. We produce more than 150 new titles annually, on topics such as test preparation, college and graduate school admissions, academic and career development in the legal, medical, education, and general business fields. Kaplan Publishing is the number one provider of test prep materials for a variety of standard tests, including GRE, GMAT, LSAT, PSAT, MCAT, TOEFL, and more.

CONTENTS
Introduction
Chapter 1: How to Use This Book and When to Use Your Calculator
Chapter 2: Mathematics Vocabulary
Chapter 3: The Rules You Should Know
Chapter 4: Direction Decoding
Chapter 5: Little Pieces Lead to Big Problems
Chapter 6: Study Strategies
Chapter 7: "When Will I Use This, Anyway?"
Good answers you can give your child
to this inevitable question.
Chapter 8: Parent-Teacher Communication
Appendix
Quiz: What Kind of Learner IS Your Child?
Conversion Fonnula Sheet
A Timeline of Mathematical Education
Index