THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Dead Island Game Of The Year Edition RF XBOX360-ZRY

The island of Banoi is a lush, tropical paradise in the South Pacific where its flagship 
Royal Palms Resort serves as the ultimate getaway for vacationers with money to burn. 
However, all good things must soon come to an end and the picturesque resort falls into 
madness, carnage and chaos after a mysterious and contagious zombie outbreak claims its 
once peaceful atmosphere. Cut off from the rest of the world, only four individuals who 
strangely find themselves immune to zombification have the power to protect the remaining 
survivors from the horrors of the island, to discover what’s really going on and find a 
way to escape before their own fatal ends.

Features:

In keeping with an atmosphere of desperation and survival by any means, Dead Island 
focuseson serious, first-person action gameplay with a close-quarter, immersive melee 
focus.

Dead Island’s seamless 4 player co-op multiplayer seeks to provide the most immersive 
multiplayer experience to date. Players can drop in and out of each other’s games at any 
time with no loss of progress as well as the ability to continue on alone or with others.

With thousands of weapons in-game to collect, from simple wooden bats to fire-axes to 
heavy rifles, Dead Island is a collector’s dream. This in combination with Dead Island’s 
weapon customization system will enable the player to craft the ultimate weapon to ensure 
their survival.

The ability to enhance and develop your character using RPG-like elements including an 
XP/leveling system and un-lockable skill trees put the power in your hands to create and 
play a unique protagonist.

Dead Island’s damage system gives an unprecedented visual detail of the effects of each 
attack on enemies pushing the boundaries of visualized gore.

With an open-world setting, Banoi is filled to the brim with things to do and objectives 
to tackle, allowing a fresh way to advance both the characters and story at the same time 
and providing for endless replay value.

Platform: XBOX360
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD2
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: FPS / Action
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-F272_4FED696C.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-535E_4FED696C.jpg