Follow my uploads here:                     
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                      
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

The funniest way to enjoy memes on your Android Device.
Memedroid is a meme reader that lets you watch, create, comment and rate in a social and amusing way memes (rage comics, advice animals and much more)

Pro Features:

    Offline store: To read memes even when Internet connection is unavailable. Just fill up the offline store beforehand to enjoy memes wherever you are without requiring a 3G connection.
    Ad Free: More place for your memes.

Standard Features:

    New memes everyday from many different Internet sources, including those created by Memedroid users. 
    Share memes on Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, WhatsApp, and other social networks.
    Rate and comment each meme, and use if you want memeticons in your comments!
    General Gallery: read the latest memes, updated everyday.
    Top Gallery: To provide you with the best rated rage comics and advice animals of the week, the month or ever.
    Create your own memes within the application and share them with your friends or the whole Memedroid community by uploading them to Memedroid servers. 
    Hide those memes that you have already read.
    Multilanguage support: memes in English, Spanish and Portuguese.
    Filter memes by categories: Rage comics (fuck yeah, poker face, trollface, challenge accepted, derp), Advice animals (success kid, philosoraptor, Y U No, socially awkward penguin...) and more.
    Try to beat all our challenges: The more you unlock the more medals you win.
    Check the rankings to discover which users have the highest scores on Memedroid and try to get over them.
    Play as you are reading memes: Be fast and catch the rage faces that come up in your screen.
    Favorites Gallery: To store your favorite memes and read them whenever you want.
    Move to SD support (problem, phone storage?)

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 13, 2012)

    Faster loading.
    New section: Top Day.
    Lots of new meme templates added to the Meme Factory.
    User interface improvements.
    New report option: Repost.
    Less battery and data consumption.
    New memeticons available for comments.
    Statistics and achievements synchronization improved.
    Minor bugfixes and lots of optimizations.
    Thank you everyone for your great suggestions, new features are on its way!
    We'll be more than happy to receive your feedback and ideas at memedroid@novagecko.com!

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		