OneChanbara: Bikini Zombie Slayers

The game features elements from campy exploitation horror films, with equal amounts of bloody violence and exposed female flesh all played up to an intentionally ridiculous level. It is the second title in The OneChanbara video game series.
Characters

    Aya: Raised by her now-deceased father and trained by the sword, Aya has done her best to lead a normal life with her half-sister Saki yet been sometimes feeling a little bit insecure about her family's "Baneful Blood" curse, which has a tendency of sending her into berserk frenzies. Her alt-attack mode has her wielding two swords at once, which furthers the potency of her standard sword-fighting techniques.

    Saki: Aya's younger half-sister and descended from the same cursed bloodline, Saki has fully recovered from wounds sustained during the events of OneChanbara: Bikini Samurai Squad but harbours as much worries about the "Baneful Blood" curse as her older sister does. Her alt-attack mode is focused on single-target hand-to-hand attacks with extreme lethality and precision.

    Reiko Γäû9: One of the nine "Single Digit" clones of Reiko Mizusaki (Γäû1ΓÇô9; all subsequent mass-production clones were based on the Single Digits instead of the original Reiko), she is capable of the full-range of investigative tasks from intelligence gathering to self-defense combat and is telepathically linked to all other Single Digits and the original Reiko; in addition, she is genetically-modified to duplicate what is essentially Humanity's understanding of the Baneful Blood descendants. Her story arc paints both the original Reiko and her clones in a more positive light, stating that despite extreme methods that have put her clones in conflict with Aya and Saki, Reiko's true aim is not only to wipe out the undeads but also to prevent the possibility that Baneful Blood descendants can turn on the living afterward. Reiko Γäû9 possesses an alt-attack mode that grants her the use of firearms and comes equipped with a shotgun and a submachine gun. She is unlocked by completing Aya's story arc.

    Misery: Being revived by power left behind by Himiko (the arch-nemesis of Aya and Saki in OneChanbara: Bikini Samurai Squad), this yet another descendant of the "Baneful Blood" is now only interested in exacting vengeance upon Aya and Saki. Her alt-attack mode has her sword transformed into a whip sword, granting it a far longer reach. She is unlocked by completing Saki's story arc.

Source: Wikipedia.