Wise Care 365 PRO

Tune up your PC with Wise Care 365:

Wise Care 365 is a bundle of important registry, disk, and other system utilities for your PC. Easy to use and effective, Wise Care 365 is the good solution to improve your PC's performance. Get Wise Care 365 and your computer will never run slow again! 

What can Wise Care 365 do? Clean up, defragment and optimize the Windows Registry
Defragment and free up space on your hard disk
Protect your privacy by erasing personal tracking data
Recover lost files
Hide important files or folders
Prevent unauthorized use of personal applications
Auto shut down your PC
Free up Memory to boost game and enterprise software performance
Simple "One Click Tune-up" option will optimize your PC

An all-in-one utility

Wise Care 365 is a full collection of Wise Disk Cleaner and Wise Registry Cleaner. However, with other attractive and exciting features, it is far more than that. Wise Care 365 will keep your PC in tiptop shape and at peak performance!

Able to find out more hidden problems than CCleaner.

Wise Care 365 can detect more hidden invalid registry issues than CCleaner, which is accredited by Gizmos and PCWorld.

Simpler and easier to use

What you need to do is just one click when you use Wise Care 365. And your old PC will turn into a brand new and blazing fast one after Wise Care 365's automatic cleanup and tuneup.

Fastest scanning speed by now

The scanning speed of Wise Care 365 is twice as fast as CCleaner, and five times as fast as Advanced System Care Pro. 

Highly reviewed by professionals and users

All the features in Wise Care 365 are highly reviewed by PCWorld, PCAdvisor, ComputerBild, CHIP, CNET, ZDNet, and so on. 

Top experienced expert group

A group of top programmers, all of whom have at least ten-year experience in programs, spent three years in Wise Care 365 after collecting millions of feedbacks from users. 

Full-time technical support service

If you meet any problem when you use Wise Care 365, please send your problem to support@wisecleaner.com. We will slove your problem in the first place!

Supported OS:

Windows XP, Vista, Win7/8 (both 32-bit and 64-bit)

Homepage: http://www.wisecleaner.com/wisecare365.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register with any name/email.
3, Done,Enjoy.