Welcome to TheSkyX First Light Edition!

Most of you have never seen the sky. Not really. If you live in a city or suburb, a pale blue or grey dome looms overhead while the Sun is up, and a darkish brown curtain hangs down at night, with maybe a few sparks of light poking through here and there if the clouds haven’t gathered and the glare from buildings and cars and billboards isn’t overwhelming. The Sun and the Moon are unmistakable of course, but the spattering of stars you glimpse are probably strangers to you. Some of them might even be planets – for most people, it’s hard to tell the difference.
All of this is about to change. You have in your hands an extraordinary tool for revealing not just new worlds, but the entire universe. The night sky is an incredible wonderland of diverse and spectacular objects and phenomena. Some of these breathtaking sights are created by tiny particles that ply the fringes of our atmosphere. Others are immense, ancient structures, incomprehensibly far away.
TheSkyX First Light Edition will bring all of these amazing marvels and more to your desktop. It will help you learn the fundamentals of astronomy, the most ancient science, and teach you how to recognize just about everything in the real sky. Whether you’re looking up from the streets of a light-polluted city, or taking in the view from a remote, pitch-black mountaintop, TheSkyX First
Light Edition will help you understand what you see and find what you’re looking for.
You’ll also enjoy experiences that are only possible through the magic of simulation and virtual-reality programming. Faster-than-light flights through the solar system, out-of-this-world views of the Earth and Moon, and the orbital tracks of hundreds of satellites are just some of the animations built into TheSkyX First Light Edition. Trips through space and time that were once possible only in the imagination will be vividly brought to life on your computer screen.
TheSkyX First Light Edition has something to offer everyone, from the absolute beginner to the most knowledgeable amateur astronomer.

Platform: Windows/Mac

Type: ISO IMAGE

Size: 638 MB

Requirements:

Macintosh

TheSkyX for Mac can run on any Macintosh desktop or laptop computer running OS X 10.4.8 with a 1.25 GHz or faster G4 PowerPC processor, or a 2 GHz or faster Core Duo processor. You also need at least 512 MB RAM, 64 MB video RAM, and 450 MB of disk space, a mouse or other pointing device and a CD ROM drive.

Windows

TheSkyX for Windows can run on any desktop or laptop computer running Windows Vista or XP with a 1.5 GHz or faster Intel Pentium 4, Pentium M, Pentium D, or AMD K-8 (Athlon) or better processor. You also need at least 512 MB RAM, 64 MB video RAM, and 450 MB of disk space, a mouse or other pointing device and a CD ROM drive.