“A Magic WordPress Plugin That’s About to Change Everything About Blogging…”


WP Simplicity Plugin is an amazing blogging tool, which allows you to leverage your time and put your  income on autopilot. It is developed with the most advanced features to offer time-saving solutions and transform blog into an automated money making machine.

Now you can skyrocket your website traffic and make you more money from every WordPress sites you have – with just a few clicks. It’s simple, install WP Simplicity Plugin on any new wordpress blog and let WP Simplicity do all of the work for you.

It will even work with all of your already existing blogs so you can automatically add new quality content that will have the search engines constantly crawling your website and sending you massive amounts of free traffic.

Regardless of what niche you are in or what online business you are into, WP Simplicity is an easy to use blogging tool that takes care of those time-consuming tasks and automates your blogging. With the WP Simplicity Plugin, everything becomes easy

Below are the unique features that make it WP Simplicity Plugin stands out:

    True “one-click” installation and activation of pre-loaded over 140 latest most used and rated WordPress plugins.

    Access for users to add their own favorite WordPress plugins from their portfolio in a matter of a few seconds. You can add loads and loads of popular plugins.

    One-click automatic set up of preset search engines friendly permalinks for the purpose of search engine optimization (SEO) and also pre-configures all your sidebar settings.

    Automatically laid out and configured the basic pages such as About us, Contact us, Privacy policy and Sitemap. All of this with content!

    Total control over contents posted on your blogs. You decide, plan, manage or edit your blog contents and the layout you prefer which boost your site ranking and position in search engines.

    Create automated, targeted posts that are relevant to the niche you are targeting by in-putting a single keyword. It generates keyword rich articles from which you can simply select which content you like.

    Create video post for any targeted keyword of your choice. You can have WP Simplicity insert video post from YouTube with the video title, descriptions using your targeted keywords.

    Instant content creation with on-topic photos and images.

    Easily promote products from Clickbank and earn cool affiliate commission. With this plugin, you can enhance your post by promoting Clickbank products relating to your blog niche with your Clickbank ID. Products can be selected using different criteria such as gravity, popularity, keyword relevance, etc.

    Earn commission with Amazon products. You can easily create post with as many Amazon products as you want with the keyword you choose and earn commission for every sale made from your referral.

    Targeted auction items from Ebay. Earning from eBay is made simple with this plugin as it has features to add auctions from eBay and make money as a result. Easy to use feature simply with your eBay ID.

    Insert news about your blog niche. You can post latest news relating to your niche at any time of the day on your blog with this transforming plugin.

    You don’t need to worry about copyright issues. WP Simplicity grabs contents which are allowed to be republished by its creators from official API programs!

    Add map to any post created. You can choose to add map to post you want to create where necessary. The plugin make provision for you to make embedding of direction possible with your post.

    One-Time Affiliate Link Set up. All product links from Clickbank, Amazon and Ebay are pre-loaded and populated with your affiliate links – so every time someone clicks through and buys something you will earn a commission.

    It’s Quick and Easy to install… You don’t need to be a technical expert and it installs in minutes!

    Instant Easy to Manage User friendly Backend. WP Simplicity comes with user-friendly backend that you can familiarize yourself with. No more waiting to access your user guide. You will start configuring and setting up your blog instantly after installation of the plugin. You don’t need any technical knowledge or background to manage the backend.

    It’ compatible on all WordPress versions!

    And much more…