Mahara ePortfolios helps you to use software as you follow an experiential learning cycle. In Mahara you can:

    * Plan your learning.
    * Do what you do and gather evidence of your competence as you do those things.
    * View and organize your work by structuring your data in easy-to-make (web)pages and (mini-website) collections of those pages.
    * Reflect on your learning by use of professional journals, engaging feedback on your pages and establishing and engaging in online communities who share a similar interest.

Mahara ePortfolios: BeginnerΓÇÖs Guide is a step-by-step guide to develop a feature-rich and highly personal electronic portfolio. Form a digital repository of reflective journals, action learning plans, presentations, reports, images and videos. Easily share this with your friends, family, tutors, students, project team and others using this step-by-step guide written in a clear and easy to learn manner.

This book guides you to build an impressive e-Portfolio and to work in professional communities of interest within a Mahara walled garden. It brings to life the key features of Mahara which will help thoughtful people to display their artefacts coherently and to engage with like-minded peers professionally.

This book introduces you to exciting features of Mahara framework and helps you develop a feature-rich e-portfolio for yourself. You will see how easily you can create folders, upload multiple files like project documents, pictures and videos and share them with your friends. You will learn to set up single pages and collections of pages which organize these files, making these visible only to your own chosen peers, supervisors or friends. Then, you will allow people to give their inputs.

You will learn to create journals, learning plans, your professional resume, group spaces and forums which help you get connected to the rest of the world. Customization and administration of your Mahara site will be easy after you have gone through this book. Imagine how good you will feel when you will see your knowledge, success, and ideas going live and available to your chosen audiences for their inputs.

Mahara ePortfolios: BeginnerΓÇÖs Guide is a step-by-step guide to building an impressive professional e-portfolio using Mahara. It covers the key features of Mahara that will help you set up your customized digital portfolio and display the artefacts in your preferred way allowing contribution from selected users only.



Language : English
Paperback : 328 pages
Release Date : July 2012
ISBN : 1849517762
ISBN 13 : 9781849517768
Author(s) : Richard Hand, Thomas Bell, Derrin Kent 