S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Prototype 2 - Proper (c) Activision

30-07-2012....Release Date <-> Protection.............Steam + CEG
Action...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................2 DVD


RELEASE NOTES

Welcome to New York Zero

The sequel to Radical Entertainment's best-selling open-world action
game of 2009, Prototype 2 takes the unsurpassed carnage of the original
Prototype and continues the experience of becoming the ultimate
shape-shifting weapon. You are Sgt James Heller, husband to a deceased
wife and child and a soldier left simply to die

As the game's all-new infected protagonist, players will experience Sgt
James Heller cutting a bloody swathe through the wastelands of
post-viral New York Zero. Equipped with unparalleled new shapeshifting
powers,players will gradually build a vast genetic arsenal of deadly
new biological weapons and abilities as they hunt, kill and consume
their way toward the ultimate goal - to kill Alex Mercer!

Are you ready to murder your maker?

Features:

The Power of Tendrils: Prepare to unleash the ultimate form of
shape-shifting devastation. Sgt James Heller's incredible new Tendril
power lets you lift and tear apart cars and military vehicles, ensnare
powerful infected beasts and even rip large groups of enemies to
shreds. Get ready to unleash hell!

Customize Your Killer: Prototype 2 delivers the raw power of character
customization back into your hands, allowing players to creatively
mix-n-match a devastating range of new Mutation perks into their
ultimate Prototype. Faster and bigger locomotion abilities, sharper
claws or even enhanced disguise abilities the choice is yours!

Hunt - Kill - Become: Imagine having the power to track down any enemy
by unleashing a powerful sonar-pulse from your body! Sgt James Heller
brings an all-new dimension to the Prototype experience by letting you
Hunt, Kill and Become anyone standing in your way

Disguise yourself as a soldier, scientist or anyone at all whilst
absorbing their memories and acquiring new abilities. It doesn't get
any better than this!

Bring Down the Devil: Gamers will experience the epic story of Sgt
James Heller attempting to take down the devil himself Alex Mercer

Unraveled against the explosive backdrop of New York Zero and it's
vicious factions warring for control over the infection, Prototype 2
sets the stage for the ultimate showdown "event" videogame of 2012

Size Does Matter: Utilizing the unparalleled technology of Radical's
proprietary "Titanium 2.0" engine, Prototype 2 will redefine gamer's
expectations of over-the-top open world action. Witness building-sized
Infected behemoths bullrushing entire city streets, whilst gliding and
parkouring across swarms of highly trained Blackwatch soldiers
Prototype 2 = Bigger, Badder, Better!

New York Zero: An All New Open-World Hunting Ground! The New York that
humanity has come to know and love over the years no longer exists - it
is now New York Zero, or more simply, NYZ

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 2 into the game
installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!
