Book Description

With Acceptance Test-Driven Development (ATDD), business customers, testers, and developers can collaborate to produce testable requirements that help them build higher quality software more rapidly. However, ATDD is still widely misunderstood by many practitioners. ATDD by Exampleis the first practical, entry-level, hands-on guide to implementing and successfully applying it.

ATDD pioneer Markus Gärtner walks readers step by step through deriving the right systems from business users, and then implementing fully automated, functional tests that accurately reflect business requirements, are intelligible to stakeholders, and promote more effective development.

Through two end-to-end case studies, Gärtner demonstrates how ATDD can be applied using diverse frameworks and languages. Each case study is accompanied by an extensive set of artifacts, including test automation classes, step definitions, and full sample implementations. These realistic examples illuminate ATDD’s fundamental principles, show how ATDD fits into the broader development process, highlight tips from Gärtner’s extensive experience, and identify crucial pitfalls to avoid. Readers will learn to

    Master the thought processes associated with successful ATDD implementation
    Use ATDD with Cucumber to describe software in ways businesspeople can understand
    Test web pages using ATDD tools
    Bring ATDD to Java with the FitNesse wiki-based acceptance test framework
    Use examples more effectively in Behavior-Driven Development (BDD)
    Specify software collaboratively through innovative workshops
    Implement more user-friendly and collaborative test automation
    Test more cleanly, listen to test results, and refactor tests for greater value

If you’re a tester, analyst, developer, or project manager, this book offers a concrete foundation for achieving real benefits with ATDD now–and it will help you reap even more value as you gain experience.

Table of Contents
Part I: Airport Parking Lot
Chapter 1. Parking Cost Calculator Workshop
Chapter 2. Valet Parking Automation
Chapter 3. Automating the Remaining Parking Lots
Chapter 4. Wish and Collaborate

Part II: Traffic Light Software System
Chapter 5. Getting Started
Chapter 6. Light States
Chapter 7. First Crossing
Chapter 8. Discover and Explore

Part III: Principles of Acceptance Test-Driven Development
Chapter 9. Use Examples
Chapter 10. Specify Collaboratively
Chapter 11. Automate Literally
Chapter 12. Test Cleanly
Chapter 13. Successful ATDD

Appendix A. Cucumber
Appendix B. FitNesse
Appendix C. Robot Framework