Games : Windows : Full Game : English

About the Game

Borderlands 2 is a space western first-person shooter video game with role-playing elements, 
that was developed by Gearbox Software and published by 2K Games. 
It is the sequel to 2009"s Borderlands and was released for the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 platforms.
Borderlands 2 builds upon the gameplay elements introduced in its predecessor. 
It is a first-person shooter that includes character-building elements found in role-playing games, leading Gearbox to call the game a "role-playing shooter." 
At the start of the game, players select one of four new characters, each with a unique special skill and with proficiencies with certain weapons.
From then on, players take on quests assigned through non-player characters or from bounty boards, 
each typically rewarding the player with experience points, money, and sometimes a reward item. 
Players earn experience by killing foes and completing in-game challenges (such as getting a certain number of kills using a specific type of weapon). 
As they gain levels from experience growth, players can then allocate skill points into a skill tree that features three distinct specializations of the base character.
As with the first game, Borderlands 2 features a procedural-generated loot system, whereby weapons and other equipment dropped by foes, found in chests, 
or offered as quest items have numerous statistics that are generated randomly, affecting factors such as weapon damage, accuracy, magazine size, and added effects like elemental damage. 
Randy Pitchford, noting that the procedural system in the first game generated 17.75 million possible guns, claimed that the variation in Borderlands 2 is much larger.

PC System Requirements

Minimum:
OS: Windows XP SP3
Processor: 2.4 GHz Dual Core Processor
Memory: 2 GB ( XP ) / 2 GB ( Vista )
Video Memory: 256 MB
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 8500 / ATI Radeon HD 2600
Sound: DirectX 9.0c Compatible
Supported Video Cards: ATI RADEON X1950, HD 2000 / 3000 / 4000 / 5000 series NVIDIA GeForce 7 / 8 / 9 / 100 / 200 series



Notes:

This version of game is already cracked ,just install and play.
This version of game include update patch 1.0.2
This game require NetFramework 4.0 client to be installed on your PC.
You can play Single-Player full game or on LAN with your friends.

DO NOT TRY TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH STEAM APPLICATION OPENED ,CLOSE OR LOGOUT FROM STEAM THEN RUN THIS GAME !!!!


How to install:
After download is done:
- open (executable file) ,
- choose location ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done 
- play game from desktop shortcut.




More info and support here :
  
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=450.msg5614#msg5614


If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .	