S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Football Manager 2013 (c) SEGA

05-11-2012......Release Date - Protection...SteamCEGStarForce
Manager............Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Football Manager is the best-selling, most realistic football
management series ever made. Football Manager 2013 celebrates 20 years
of games from the people at Sports Interactive by introducing an array
of new features.

This year's version allows you to take control of any club in more than
50 nations across the world and includes all of Europes biggest
leagues as well as database of over 500,000 real-world players and
staff.

As well as some landmark new features in the Career Mode, there are now
new ways to enjoy your Football Manager experience.

Features:

NEW TO CAREER MODE

Match Engine
The 3D match engine has seen huge improvements this year. Everything on
the pitch looks more realistic from the stadiums, the players
movement, intelligence, and the way the ball moves through the air.

We've also introduced hundreds of new animations to make the game feel
more realistic and weve made the whole experience more televisual by
introducing new camera angles and showing the kick-off and final
whistle.

Manager Roles
Another notable difference is the significant restructure of the
managers staff and a revamp of their roles. The most obvious is that
we've introduced the position of Director of Football into the game for
the first time, which will allow managers to pass on some of their
workload, such as contract negotiations, if they choose to.

In addition to this, we've also increased the number of specialist
coaching roles within the game and given the manager greater
flexibility to choose which coaches offer advice and when. The manager
can also choose to complain about boardroom interference - although
that particular option should probably be used sparingly.

And much more
A brand new training system, improved international management, tones
in press conferences & a new user interface.

NEW WAYS TO PLAY

Classic and Challenge Modes
Football Manager Classic is a less time-consuming way to enjoy Football
Manager. The essence of the game is exactly the same - the manager
still takes charge of a squad of players and competes at whatever level
he or she chooses - but they will now find that a number of their
responsibilities have either been taken over by their support staff or
have disappeared completely.

For example, while the player still takes charge of training in FMC,
this is carried out at a 'full team' level only  there's no individual
player training. And when it gets to matches themselves, there are no
team talks or opposition reports... you just go straight to a game
using the same 3D match engine as Career Mode. The games are played out
in a quicker 'highlights only' fashion, but you can even speed this up
by going straight to Instant Result.

Players who opt for Football Manager Classic will also find that they
have a couple of further options in terms of how they play the game
they can either play a full open-ended "Career" or they can choose to
play in the new "Challenge" mode.

In Challenge mode they'll find themselves in a particular situation
which will test their management skills over a shorter game time -
usually half a season. Can you win a trophy with a team consisting
almost entirely of kids? Or could you guide your club to safety
despite being bottom of the table at Xmas?

We first introduced Challenge Mode in Football Manager Handheld 2012
and it proved to be so popular that weve decided to include it in
FMC too.

The game will come with four free-to-play challenges, each of which
feeds in to a global leaderboard.

Network Play
The brand new Network Play is fully integrated with Steam's network
functionality which means that players should be able to set up and
enjoy games against their friends far more easily than before. The
Network Mode also allows people to set-up special one-off leagues and
cups and to import their team from their career mode, so you can now
end any debate about whose FM team is better.

The deeper integration with Steam will also allow us to manage
worldwide leaderboards, so, for the first time you'll really know how
good a manager you are.

Plus over 900 other new features

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision