Please Seed!!

App 2 SD Pro (move apps to SD) play.google.com.app2sd.pro


Are you running out of application storage?
Do you hate having to check each and every app if it supports moving to the SD card?
Do you want an app that automatically does this for you and can notify you when an app can be moved?

App 2 SD streamlines the movement of applications to on your device's external or internal storage through your device's Settings. With this handy app, you'll have more control over your ever expanding collection of apps. This app is crucial to anyone who has memory management issues.

Features:

    View all SD card capable apps and move them seamlessly
    notify if movable apps installed
    1-tap to clear all app cache
    export the app list to SD card
    install apps from the exported app list
    home screen widget shows cache and available size
    show app cache/data/code/total size
    keep track of total and available storage space
    sort through apps stored on phone and SD card
    add movable apps to the ignore list
    move apps back to the internal storage
    view app on Market
    quick uninstall apps by drag-n-drop
    open app
    show app details page
    support "Move2SD Enabler"
    customizable notification sound, vibrate and light

Same functionalities as "App 2 SD Free" app, but Ad removed.

This app is not used to backup apps to SD card. It only helps you to move a portion of apps used space to SD card. You have to manually install the apps after switching to a new phone or hard reset.

If app uses any of the following features, it cannot be installed on the external storage. It's required by Android system.

    App Widgets, 
    Services, 
    Input Method Engines, 
    Live Wallpapers, 
    Live Folders, 
    Alarm Services, 
    Account Managers, 
    Sync Adapters, 
    Device Administrators

What's in this version : (Updated : Nov 2, 2012)

    new UI in ICS(Ice Cream Sandwich) style
    new "App manager" function that enables you to batch uninstall, clear cache, view on Play and share apps
    new setting that enables you to set "App manager" as the first opened window
    Serbian localization
    Galician localization
    fixed: app will flash when you run it on Android 4.2+ devices
    bugs fixed

Required Android O/S : 2.2+/b>
