

[b][quote][color=Green]

31 Days to Build a Better Blog, 2nd Edition (with Extra Week)


 Pro Blogger
Darren Rowse
ENGLISH
2012 
ISBN: N/A
140 + 32 pages 
PDF 
7.67  + 2.57 MB 

 31 Days to Build a Better blog is a 31 day challenge where you’re given a daily piece of teaching and an achievable activity to go away and implement – all of which is designed to rejuvenate your blog.

 You can take the challenge at your own pace – some do it daily over a month, others tackle it in a more intense way over a week or others dip into it over a number of months – the key is to learn the key strategies for successful blogging and more importantly to DO something with what you learn.

 By the end of the 31 steps you’ll have:
 published a variety of different types and styles of posts
 learned techniques for coming up with new post ideas
 promoted your blog in a variety of ways and found new readers
 deepened reader engagement with current readers
 reached out to and developed working relationships with other bloggers
 developed an editorial calendar for your blog going forward
 discovered ways to be more connected to your niche/topic
 designed a plan for the next month of your blogging
 … and much more.

 Updated for 2012
 Many thousands of ProBlogger readers have invested in edition 1 of 31DBBB but as it was written back in 2009 I felt it was time for an update. So much has changed since then both here on ProBlogger and in the blogosphere that I wanted to create something that built upon and enhanced version 1.

 In this freshly designed and layed out 2nd edition you’ll get
 all 31 tasks that were in the first edition – but they’ve all been updated and refreshed for 2012.
 7 brand new days (so now you’re really getting 38 days – we’re including 7 in a new bonus week PDF)
 Case studies of blogs, big and small, who are doing it right. Get insights into blogs you may not have heard of, and learn from their expertise
 Every task includes links to further information, reading and intelligence on the topic
 integration with social media – each day has its own hashtag so you can connect with others doing the challenge to learn from and support one another

 This 140 page workbook is all about action – follow the daily tasks and we guarantee you’ll see your blog improve. Quite literally we’re happy to give your money back if you go through it and don’t notice the changes!


[/color][/quote][/b]





