Launch the trainer first, then launch the Game and then Press F1 at the Main Menu.
Listen for "Activated".

Press desired option key


Options in Promo
----------------
F7 Key: Toggle Zoom


Options
-------

Numpad 1: Unlimited Health
Numpad 2: Unlimited Armor
Numpad 3: Unlimited Ammo
Numpad 4: No Reload
Numpad 5: Unlimited Grenades
Numpad 6: Add Money
Numpad 7: Add Tech Cash
Numpad 8: Add Skill Points
Numpad 9: Add XP
Numpad 0: Level Up
Numpad *: Gold Key Chest
Numpad -: Weak Target
Numpad +: Heal Target
F5 Key: Melee Cooldowns
F6 Key: Action Cooldowns
F7 Key: Toggle Zoom
F8 Key: No Recoil
F9 Key: Badass Tokens



Notes
-------

Numpad 1: Unlimited Health - most things will not kill you while on

Numpad 2: Unlimited Armor - tries to keep your armor at maximum while on

Numpad 3: Unlimited Ammo - most weapons will have max ammo while on

Numpad 4: No Reload - most weapons will not need to reload while on

Numpad 5: Unlimited Grenades - most grenades will remain full when used

Numpad 6: Add Money - each press adds more money

Numpad 7: Add Tech Cash - each press adds more tech cash

Numpad 8: Add Skill Points - each press adds more skill points

Numpad 9: Add XP - each press adds more XP.    It is advised that you level
	up and earn XP without cheating until you are level 2.

Numpad 0: Level Up - each press will level you up and max your XP to that level.
	Use with caution as this is not reversible.  It is advised that you level
	up and earn XP without cheating until you are level 2.

Numpad *: Gold Key Chest - while this is on, you can open the chest in
	Sanctuary over and over, even if you do not have any golden keys.

Numpad -: Weak Target - most targets this will weaken them if your crosshair is over.

Numpad +: Heal Target - most targets this will health them if your crosshair is over.

F5 Key: Melee Cooldowns - most melee cooldowns will regenerate and be available
	to use again more quickly.

F6 Key: Action Cooldownsv - most action cooldowns will regenerate and be available
	to use again more quickly.

F7 Key: Toggle Zoom - has 2 levels of zoom.  Press to zoom and then press again to
	zoom further, finally one last press resets  your zoom.

F8 Key: No Recoil - most weapons will have less recoil when firing them.

F9 Key: Badass Tokens - each press adds more tokens.