Hundra (1983)
Adventure
AVI
IMDb: tt0087436

IMDb notes


Born in a tribe of fierce warrior women, Hundra has been raised to despise the 
influence of men. An archer, fighter and sword fighter, Hundra is superior to any 
male. Hundra finds her family slain and takes a vow of revenge until one day she meets her match. Written by Mike Steel <vulture75@yahoo.com>

It's the Dark Ages, and savage men enslave all women, but except for one woman who was born in a tribe of fierce warrior women Hundra the Invincible has been raised to despise the influence of men. Her name is Hundra, the finest warrior of her people. 

Hundra seeks out her elder, she leads a valiant tribe of women who dares to be free. 

Written by Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} 

thanks hypersonic


This is another misplaced adventure film from the dvd box set Sci- Fi Invasion.  I'm not torrenting all of them and certainly not in one folder but Hundra kept me
watching. The cast of the tribe of women seems totally engaged in the fight scenes
early in the film.  It looks liek it could have been from Game Of Thrones save for 
more limited budget.  And Laurene Landon seems to be enjoying acting the character 
immensely.  Not all of the film is even and there are many of the usual cliches.  But Hundra was made at a time-- 1983  the same year or close to it when another Women of power film was made that reappeared at the beginning of the Occupy movement.  It is called Born In Flames by Lizzie Borden which is an independent near future  after the Revolution pic.I am also torrenting "Born In Flames" and am adding it to various indexes.
  These years were a time of experimenting with new ideas. They are valuable more for what was accomplished rather than being berated for limited production style.

  Enjoy Hundra and seed along with me as part of your permanent collection.

 The supply of these B-pictures is not inexhaustible, it just seems that way.
Help me in the search to find some more.  Example:  I'm a big Abby Dalton fan from 
when she was on tv in a program called Hennessy with Jackie Cooper.  There's a Hundra style primitive girl tribe picture called   The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent (1957) Please get this on the torrents if you can find it.

Update:  I have acquired The Saga of the Viking Women...."  and it is now going.


Notes written for TPB November 2, 2012