 am very excited to share my most personal, compelling musical project
to date:  my first-ever full symphony called ORCA.  I have an incredible
opportunity to record and perform ORCA live with the world renowned Das
Karussell Orchestra (featuring members of the Bruckner Orchester) at
Brucknerhaus in Linz, Austria on October 28th, 2012 and with your
involvement and support, we can make it happen!

Many of you know my work in rock music, between System of a Down and my
solo album releases.  While I have rearranged some of my past rock
compositions to be performed as orchestral pieces, such as the Elect The
Dead Symphony in 2010, ORCA is the first 4 act symphony that I have
composed, a mix of early 20th century compositional styles combined with
the powerful range of film scoring. I decided to name my symphony ORCA
because orcas "appear to have no parallel outside humans" in terms of
their cultural faculties.  An orca is really a dolphin with much darker
tendencies.  I see this dichotomy as a great metaphor for humanity.

Last year, I wrote and recorded a professionally sampled studio version
with the goal of being able to record it properly with a full
orchestra┬à.this was not something I could capture in a small home
studio.  I was able to play with The Das Karussell Orchestra at
Brucknerhaus during the Elect The Dead Symphony world tour, which was an
amazing experience.  I shared my sampled recording of ORCA with them,
and together we made plans for the live performance and recording to
fully bring the work to life and share and distribute it to as many
people as possible.

We have put together many different ways for fans to get involved and be
a part of ORCA from the ground up, all of which are outlined in this
Kickstarter campaign. We tried to think of ways to give you every bit of
music possible, and interactive, personalized experiences for those who
can attend the show on October 28th, and for those who can't.  Our goal
is $25,000.00, which is the minimal cost for the recording.  Any
additional funds will be used to cover the expenses of mixing, mastering
and promotion.  We will keep you updated with news and progress so you
are able to see what we do as this project grows.