From the makers of the critically acclaimed Dead Space on Android comes an all-new, original Mass Effect storyline – made exclusively for mobile!
This game is MASSIVE (over 450MB)! We recommend connecting to WiFi to speed up your download. 

YOU’RE A CERBERUS AGENT – GONE ROGUE!
As Commander Shepard battles Reapers across the galaxy, veteran Cerberus agent Randall Ezno procures aliens for illicit experiments at a secret facility. But when the Director of the facility goes too far - Randall fights back and vows to bring Cerberus down!

Can you fight your way off the hostile Cerberus base and deliver their secret research to the Alliance?

ENTER A NEW DIMENSION IN ANDROID GAMING
Move freely through massive exteriors and a fully realized Cerberus base. Featuring groundbreaking graphics and intensified audio, enjoy a console-like experience that marks the next leap in Android gameplay.

ENGAGE ENEMIES WITH SWIPE & TAP COMBAT
Featuring both manual and assisted aiming, use intuitive tap controls and for fast-paced fighting. Fluidly dive and roll for cover with a simple swipe. Engage in epic boss battles against Cerberus Mechs and twisted experiment victims.

IT’S YOU AGAINST AN ARMY!
Harness the fury of high-tech armor and weapons. Unleash biotic powers, stealth cloak abilities and devastating melee attacks. Upgrade your gear and performance with credits – the quicker and more stylish your kills, the more credits you’ll earn. Also, access the bonus Turian mission and escape the medical bay...alive!

IMPACT YOUR MASS EFFECT 3 EXPERIENCE
Gather valuable intel and upload it to Galaxy at War to boost your Galactic Readiness Rating in Mass Effect 3. Complete the game to increase your War Assets. Improve your chances in the final Mass Effect 3 battle – on the go!

Crush Cerberus and shape the future of the galaxy. The outcome depends on YOU in Mass Effect: Infiltrator!

What's in this version: (Updated :Jul 20, 2012)

    Now available for Galaxy Nexus 7

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


Offline Play:

    Install Online play APK and download data via Wifi 
    Run the game online once. 
    Install Offline only APK over online APK 
    Turn of internet connection 
    Run the game 
