proper eac rip cue log scans

ΓêÆ 1996 - Luv N'Haight (Ubiquity) / LHCD 28 / Hang on in There / CD

Singer Mike James Kirkland recorded an impressive pair of albums for MCA during the 1970s but lack of interest on the label's part led to their eventual obscurity. That is until fans of ultra-rare rare groove caught wind of the sounds of Doin' It Right and Hang on in There, both of which began to change hands for astronomical prices amongst collectors. The latter drew obvious comparisons to What's Going On, Marvin Gaye's classic 1971 meditation on an ailing society. The first side of Kirkland's Hang on in There reads like an alternate version, exploring many of the same themes. "What Have We Done?" he asks on the album opener over an excellent conga and flute-spiced funk groove, a track followed by the equally pained "Where is the Soul of Man?." Both are eclipsed however, by the eight-minutes-plus title track. The album's undeniable centerpiece, "Hang on in There" is a lyrical tour de force over a slow-burning groove. Though arrangement touches are as lush as a film score, the underlying rhythms are rooted in urban funk: bells, backing singers and syrupy strings meshing perfectly with guitar scratch and percolating bass. Unfortunately, Kirkland drops the concept for the album's second half, turning his attention to the mysteries of love and throwing the album off balance. He would have been better off integrating the two sides or voicing the greater concerns of side one over a full-length album. Regardless, at least half of this material is the product of an underrated artist at the peak of his compositional powers. Making this disc even more desirable are a trio of tracks culled from 45s amongst them "The Prophet": a scorcher that finds the singer riding a vibrant, horn-seasoned funk rhythm that's the toughest thing on hand. ~Nathan Bush, All Music Guide

* * *

As the 1960s were drawing to a close Mike James Kirkland was inspired to interject social commentary into his musical output along with a more funky- soul and experimental side to the production. First he released "Together" b/w "The prophet" on Bryan in 1971. And he followed this up with the amazing "Hang on in there" LP in 1972. The orginal album and all bonus 7" cuts are included on our re-issue.

"If we were on a bigger label we would have done amazing things," reminisces Kirkland. "But we did the best we could. I'm amazed that John Legend has decided to cover the title track of my first album, that's very cool."

After the release of Hang on In There and Doin It Right (another Luv N'Haight re-issue) Kirkland changed his name to Bo Kirkland, apparently to avoid confusion with the newly-turned-solo-artist Michael Jackson. The first single release under his new moniker, "Grandfather Clock reached #80 on theR&B charts in 1975. This was the prelude to him joining forces with Ruth Davis (formerly of the Ikettes) and the release of the classic "You're gonna get next to me" in 1976.

Unfortunately, the masters for this incredible release were in very poor condition. Ubiquity has done everything possible to clean up these ultra-rare recordings. Any remaining crackles were left in for archive purposes and because removal would have greatly affected the music. ~ Uiquity/Luv N'Haight site

* * *
Tracklist
1 What Have We Done 3:36
2 Where's The Soul Of Man? 3:09
3 Hang On In There 8:56
4 Baby I Need Your Loving 3:32
5 Give It To Me 2:48
6 Blota Blota 2:57
7 You're Gonna Share Your Love 2:30
8 It's Alright With Me 2:35
9 The Prophet 4:09
10 Together 2:42
11 Love Is 2:05
