The_Sims_3_Hidden_Springs_DLC-FLT-[SD)

Description:

The Sims 3: Hidden Springs offers a whole new world for your Sims to explore! Celebrities and the rich flock to Hidden Springs in search of relaxation and escape from the mundane. Many cannot resist rumors of the seemingly miraculous healing powers that linger in the woods and waters. Some of the townsfolk who live in the woods are highly secretive and seem to have a pale green tinge to them. Is it really magic at work?

When you’re in Hidden Springs, you can explore a stunning lakefront, relax at a luxury spa or ski lodge, escape into the woods, or even uncover ancient mysterious at the Museum of Magic and Supernatural. What will you find in Hidden Springs?

Features:

    An expansion pack for The Sims 3 (required and sold separately) that allows you to meet new Sims, explore new locations, and discover the magic of Hidden Springs
    Hidden Springs is full of all-new locations, lots, and venues
    Customize your game with dozens of all-new exclusive objects, clothing and hair that are only available with Hidden Springs, including the Fountain of Youth
    Discover all-new Sims and Stories spread throughout the game’s exclusive retreat for the rich and the famous, and those seeking everlasting life
    Compatible with both PC and Mac operating systems
    A Whole New World Awaits – Meet new Sims, explore new locations, and discover the magic of Hidden Springs today!
    All-New Sims and Stories – An exclusive retreat for the rich and the famous? Or a mysterious World with curious healing powers?
    Discover the Magic – The curious magical properties of Hidden Springs has been the intrigue to many for ages. Explore the World and you might even uncover the Fountain of Youth, will your Sims become forever young?
    Exclusive New Items – Customize your game with dozens of all-new exclusive objects, clothing and hair that are only available with Hidden Springs.
    Explore New Locations – Hidden Springs is full of all-new locations, lots, and venues. Where will your adventures take you?
