Follow my uploads here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

The #1 puzzle and simulation game now on Android!
Construct a bridge with different materials, put it to the test using cars and trucks, and unlock the next brain-teasing level!
Explore the beautiful island nation of Camatuga and build bridges over deep valleys, canals, or rivers. Stress tests reveal whether the bridges you construct can withstand the daily stress of continual use from cars and trucks.

You can choose between a range of materials for each individual bridge, such as wood, steel, cables, or concrete pillars. Use the appropriate materials and stay within budget to construct the perfect bridge. Thanks to the choice of materials, you can build each bridge in any number of ways ΓÇô your budget is the only limit. Set your imagination and creativity free in this fun physics puzzle and simulation game!

Features:

    30 brain tickling bridge construction levels
    5 Settings: City, Canyon, Beach, Mountains, Hills
    25+ challenging and fun achievements to unlock on Openfeint
    4 different building materials: Wood, Steel, Cables, Concrete pillars
    Color coded load indicator for stress analysis
    Two different load bearing levels: Car and Truck
    High scores and leaderboards
    Facebook Connection (upload screenshots and bridge score)

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 18, 2012)

    controls improved
    support for Galaxy Note pen
    support for USB mouse
    Russian + Japanese + Korean language added
     bugfix when trying to post on Facebook
    WARNING: We have been reported that on some devices save game data is lost when updating from v1.1 to v1.2. We are working on a solution.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


                                By bobiras2009		