Right after you landed and departed on the runway, a follow me van will be waiting for you that brings you to the gate or parking of YOUR CHOICE. It adapts its speed to your taxi speed and even blinks its turn signals to alert you to a turn! As you get close to the gate you will see a 3d marshaller with detailed animation (far better than any being part of scenery products!) that guides you to your location and even signs you to cut your enigine(s). Then he plugs in his headphone and tells you the blocks are in location. At the same moment the jetway starts moving towards your aircraft and will PERFECTLY align to the door on your aircraft (any aircraft!). If the gate has dual jetways BOTH will work. Even the rubber seal that keeps out the rain is animated. 

When you depart the jetway is moved back (you even hear the warning siren) and the ground crew will hook up the push back truck. Of course they will inform you of progress and tell you what to do. The push back is fully automated and AES even knows EXACTLY where to put the aircraft. The push back truck looks great and even has engine sound. During the push back you are told that you can start engines (but only when the area is clear). At the end of the push back the ground crew will signal you all is clear. Fully realistic! 

Features: 

Pushback with sound, animated objects and automatic perfect alignment 
Push-In for backward parking positions 
Pushback now available as TBL (towbarless) that lift the nosewheel and conventional that uses a towbar to move the aircraft 
Animated gates that link up perfect to the doors of the aircraft (unlike other system), 
Moving service vehicles that link up perfectly to the aircraft (catering, air stairs, cargo, buses, cleaning and refueling services) 
De-icing in winter 
Sound of boarding passengers 
Follow me car to show the way to the parking position (looks a lot better than those strange arrows used by Microsoft!) 
Sound effects while rolling over the centerline lights at the runway 
Simulation of water or snow at the runway 
Highly detailed (3d) marshaller at all parking positions that do not have docking assistance systems 
Detailed configuration of door/hatch location on aircraft, sound effects and vehicles 
Alternative configurationfor AES Airports, momentarily in EDDT 
New sponsor mode for special airports e.g. LSZH from FreeZ 
