Thomas Powers - The Killing of Crazy Horse

Unabridged; 96 kbps, Read by John Pruden

Editorial Reviews
From Barnes & Noble
Almost every history buff of the Great American West knows that Crazy Horse (c.1840-1877) vanquished General Custer at the Battle of Little Bighorn, but how many of them are aware that the great Oglala Lakota warrior survived barely a year after his great victory or that he died violently while in captivity. This book by Thomas Powers (Intelligence Wars; The Man Who Kept the Secrets) unknots the complicated story of Crazy Horse's life and suspicious demise in a U.S. Army camp in Nebraska. The Killing of Crazy Horse is the culmination of years of research by Pulitzer Prize winning-journalist Thomas Powers.

David Treuer
What is unique about Thomas Powers's approach to Crazy Horse is the dramatic staging of his meticulously researched and gripping accountΓÇªMore than the story of Crazy Horse or the battles between two implacable foes, Powers gives us a portrait of a placeΓÇöa portrait done in the blood of the heartland, a heart still beating after all these years. Powers has given us a great book, a great painting of that still-beating heart.
ΓÇöThe Washington Post

Meet the Author
Thomas Powers is the author of The Man Who Kept the Secrets: Richard Helms and the CIA; Heisenberg's War: The Secret History of the German Bomb; Thinking About the Next War; The War at Home: Vietnam and the American People; and Diana: The Making of a Terrorist. He is also the author of the novel The Confirmation. Thomas has won the Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting, and his work has appeared in the New York Review of Books, the New York Times Book Review, Harper's, the Nation, Commonweal, the Atlantic, and Rolling Stone. He lives in Vermont with his wife. John Pruden is a professional voice actor who records audiobooks, corporate and online training narrations, animation and video game characters, and radio and TV commercials. His exposure to many people, places, and experiences throughout his life---from his wide array of jobs early in life; to his Army service as a UH-60 Black Hawk assault helicopter pilot; to his travels through forty-four U.S. states, South America, Europe, and Asia; to his experience in professional improv and competitive singing---provides a solid creative foundation from which to draw for his intelligent audiobook narrations and gritty but sensitive vocal characterizations. His audiobooks include The Sisters Brothers by Patrick deWitt, which was chosen by the Washington Post as the best audiobook of 2011.