S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Uprising44: The Silent Shadows (c) DMD Enterprise

14-09-2012....Release Date <-> Protection...........Serial+Custom
Action...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Uprising44: The Silent Shadows combines third-person action play with
real-time strategy. It is a unique combination of the two modes of
play, and has an in-depth and interesting story-line which has not yet
been used in WWII computer games the greatest civilian against Nazi
occupying forces the Warsaw Uprising. It is a story of the Silent
Shadows - forerunners of modern day special forces - paratroopers
dropped behind enemy lines to organize resistance and use diversionary
tactics in the fight against the forces of the Third Reich. An
appropriate audio-visual setting combined with cover system (an
excellent, proven method of game play), the story-line, and diverse
settings ensure a dynamic and enjoyable game not only for players
familiar with this type of theme, but also those merely wanting casual
entertainment

Action Mode

Play through an over-the-shoulder perspective gives a sense of reality
to small groups of soldiers fighting in the tight confines of a city
You venture through buildings, cellars, streets, ruins and underground
canals and take part in seemingly real skirmishes. You have available
to use 16 types of weapons, depending on the tactics you choose. You
can take cover, give orders to comrades, fight at close quarters, or
at a distance - to get advantage over a superior number of the enemy

RTS Mode

You lead groups of uprisers that take part in heavy fighting on the
streets of Warsaw. You as a leader will have to think strategically
and improvise in quick changing situations of battle

Features:

First independent computer game that is based on the Warsaw Uprising

An in-depth, inspiring story-line based on the greatest civilian
uprising of WW II

A unique combination of game play and real-time strategy

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


System Requirements:


OS: Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: Core 2.4GHz processor
Memory: 4 GB RAM
Graphics: Shader 4.0 compatible card Nvidia GeForce 9800, AMD Radeon 4830)
Hard Drive: 5 GB HD space
Other Requirements: Broadband Internet connection
Additional: Onboard Video Card: Not Supported


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/i8fax.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/5Sghq.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/BkKR9.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/YvQnB.jpg


ENJOY!