Year: 2012.
Genre: Adventure
Developer: Capcom
Publisher: Capcom Code disc: BLES01465

Publication Type: Repak
Language: Russian  English
Type of translation: the text Multiplayer (local / network): 1/2

Firmware: CFW 4.21 Kmeaw 3.55/CFW Rogero
Media Type: Internal HDD Description:

The sixth part of the legendary series, which defined a genre survival horror Resident Evil 6 combines dynamic action and the tense atmosphere of the genre survival horror. You will see again with familiar characters - Leon Kennedy and Chris Redfield, as well as meet with newcomers, including, for example, Jake Mueller. As you progress through the story you will visit North America, Eastern European countries and the Chinese province of Edon Lanshyan.
We offer three separate, but closely intertwined stories. Each of them has its main characters, and each assumes the possibility of playing together - both on the network and at the same console. Leon Kennedy will make the company the U.S. government agent Helena Harper. Chris Redfield join forces with the employee APBT Nivensom Pierce, and the son of the famous Albert Ueskera, mercenary Jake Mueller, with the support of leading scientists daughter "Umbrella" by William and Annette Birkin - Sherry.

Features Repack Version:
• Do not recoded
• Cut all languages ​​except English and Russian
• Cut all except the English voice acting
• Sewn patch 1.01
• There is a separate patch to run on CFW 4.21 from Afd
• Run through the icon on the XMB (no manager)
• Installation is divided into 2 DVD5
• RePacked by FUJIN
Close

Installation FAQ
Installation instructions from the disc:
1. Write the file (s) to disk.
2. Insert the disc in the console and go to the Game  Install Package Files
3. Select the installation file, and press X.
4. Run the game through HMV.
Installation instructions with an internal HDD console:
1. Copy the file (s) to the media.
2. Insert Flash into the console and go to the Game  Install Package Files
3. Select the installation file, and press X.
4. Run the game through HMV.