.mp4 ipod format 320x240

SEASON 1

Rolling Thunder (1st/Pilot Episode) 

Airdate: Sept. 18, 1983) 

As the series begins, ex-race car driver Mark McCormick accepts a job driving the Coyote X, an experimental car designed by a friend of his named Flip Johnson. Mark loses his job, however, after Flip is killed in a car accident and ownership of the car is granted to industrialist Martin Cody. Barbara Johnson, Flip's daughter, refuses to accept her father's death as an accident and, believing that Cody murdered Flip in order to get the Coyote, asks Mark to steal the experimental car. Agreeing, Mark sneaks into Cody's compound and steals the car. The next morning, the police, who identified Mark when he stopped to save a police officer's life, move in and arrest the ex-race car driver. To Cody's regret, the police are unable to locate the Coyote. Brought before Hardcastle, who is presiding over his last case, Mark is given a choice: help the judge round-up two hundred men who walked out of the judge's courtroom on technicalities or go back to prison. Carefully considering his options, Mark agrees to work for Hardcastle and the two men begin working on a case against Martin Cody. (Hardcastle suspects that Cody is involved with the mob.) Deciding that their best chance to catch Cody is to create discontent in his organization, Hardcastle and McCormick proceed to Las Vegas to meet with Rick Vetromile, one of Cody's employees. Pretending to be setting up a deal to sell the Coyote back, the two men secretly get a picture of Vetromile standing by the car. Next, Mark approaches Cody and, using the picture as evidence, accuses Vetromile of being behind the theft of the Coyote. As expected, Cody tries to kill Vetromile. Scared and trying to find a way out, Rick tells Hardcastle that Cody killed Flip. Cody, realizing that he has been set up, tries to flee from the city but Mark's racing skills, along with the power of the Coyote, enable Hardcastle and the police to easily catch the industrialist. Later, in gratitude for all of Mark's help, Barbara, gives him the Coyote. 
