Wondershare Video Converter Platinum

Convert video & audio for iPhone/iPad/iPod and more
Convert video and audio to various popular formats.
Extract audio from movies or video clips.
Support Apple devices, Android phones, Windows Phone, video game console and more.
Download online videos with one click.

Why Choose Video Converter Platinum?

Wondershare Video Converter Platinum can directly convert videos among all popular formats, including HD and AVCHD videos. It supports you to play your favorite movies on all popular portable devices after video conversion. It's an easy, fast and reliable video converter to convert various different videos and audios so as to enjoy them anywhere and anytime as you like.

Convert Video & Extract Audio

Convert video and audio to almost all popular formats;
Support converting HD and camera AVCHD videos, including converting to 1080p video for new iPad;
Well support TiVo files recorded by TiVo┬« DVRs.
Extract audio from videos as M4A, WMA, WAV, MP3, AAC, etc.
Make videos compatible with Apple devices, Windows Phone 7, Android phones, video game console and more.

Batch Conversion & 6X Faster Speed

Allow to convert several video/audio files at one time.
Support Intel┬« CoreTM, NVIDIA┬« CUDATM and AMD┬« to bring 6X faster video conversion speed.
Apply custom video profiles and presets to all with one click.

Quick Custom Video Profiles & Presets

Configure output video/audio settings such as Resolution, Frame Rate, Encoder, Sample Rate, and Bit Rate.
Check to split video/audio files by size or time as you need.
Save new custom video profiles to quickly export video to a device of your choice (new iPad, Apple TV 3, iPhone 4S included).

Personalize Video & Allow to Preview

Create personalized videos by editing functions, such as split, merge, crop, clip, add special effect, watermark and subtitle.
Support importing and editing subtitle files in .srt, .sst and .ssa formats to convert any video format.
Provide real-time preview to ensure the optimal video quality.

System Requirements

Supported OS: Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP/Vista and Windows 7
Processor: >750MHz Intel or AMD CPU
Free Hard Disk Space: 100 MB or more
RAM: 256 MB or above

Homepage: http://www.wondershare.com/video-dvd-software/video-converter.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.