Starting the week of 11/21/2012 I will be posting the ongoing adventures in the Marvel NOW! storyline.  Each week I will be posting the current week's Marvel NOW titles.  

This means that I will be releasing five packs a week including:

DC Universe 52 (Wednesdays based on scanners release times, but not later than Friday morning)
Marvel NOW! (Marvel Comics in the NOW! universe will be released Wednesdays, based on scanners release times)
Total Marvel (All Marvel Universe comics, released on Thursday, based on scanners release times)
Zero Day (Marvel, DC and Independent comics, released between Saturday night and Sunday afternoon)
Independent Scanners (from scanners not affiliated with groups, released on Mondays)
DC Monthly (all DC Universe comics for the month, released the first Friday after the end of the month)
Total Marvel Monthly (all Marvel Universe comics, released the first Tuesday after the end of the month)

Included in the current week:


A Plus X #2 (CBR 11/28/2012)

Spider-Man and Beast fight zombies in a story by Kaare Andrews (AVX: VERSUS)! Iron Man, Kitty Pryde and Lockheed fight the Brood in a story by Peter David and your favorite artist! 

All New X-Men #2 (CBR 11/28/2012)

It's a blast from the as the original five students of Professor X - Cyclops, Marvel Girl, Iceman, Angel and Beast - are plucked from the past and brought to the present. But what they find, the state that their future selves are in and the state of Xavier's dream, is far from the future they dreamed of. And how will the X-Men of the present deal with their past coming crashing forward?

FF #1 (CBR 11/28/2012) 

We have seen the future and it will be fantastic!  In the absence of the Fantastic Four, a substitute Four, hand-picked by the real deal--Ant-Man, Medusa, She-Hulk and Miss Thing--stand ready to guard the Earth and the nascent Future Foundation for four minutes... NOW! what could possibly go wrong?

Thor God Of Thunder #2 (CBR 11/28/2012)

Throughout the ages, the gods of the Marvel Universe have been vanishing, their mortal worshippers left in chaos. NOW! the Mighty Thor follows a trail of blood that threatens to consume his past, present and future selves. The only hope for these ravaged worlds lies with the God of Thunder unraveling the gruesome mystery of the God Butcher! 

Uncanny Avengers #2 (CBR 11/28/2012)

What are The Red Skull's new powers? How did he become the most powerful man on Earth? Can Havok and Thor defeat the spreading influence of Honest John, The Living Propaganda?! Rogue and Scarlet Witch trapped on the Isle of the Red Skull's S-Men! Wolverine and Captain America uncover the truth behind the worldwide mutant assassination epidemic! 

X-Men Legacy #2 (CBR 11/28/2012)

Legion, the most powerful and unstable mutant in the world and son to Professor Charles Xavier, has killed gods and reshaped the face of the universe. NOW! in the aftermath of Avengers vs. X-Men, Legion will finally attempt to conquer his demons and embrace his father's legacy! 

 