                
                   PART  415


           BARRY RYAN  -  Eloise  (1968)
           THREE DOG NIGHT  -  One  (1968) 
           THREE DOG NIGHT - Eli's Coming  (1969)  
           TOMMY JAMES & THE SHONDELLS  -  Crystal Blue Persuasion  (1969)
                                  


           "Eloise" is a pop song first released in 1968. It was sung by Barry Ryan, and written by his twin brother Paul Ryan. Running for a little over five minutes, it featured strong orchestration, strong vocals, and a brief slow interlude. It sold 3 million copies worldwide, and reached number 2 in the UK Single Chart as published by Record Retailer, but hit number 1 in the NME and Melody Maker charts. It topped the chart in seventeen countries.  
           "Eli's Comin'" is a song written in 1967 by New York-born singer, songwriter, and pianist Laura Nyro. It was o covered by Three Dog Night in 1969. The song was originally released as the sixth song of Nyro's album "Eli and the Thirteenth Confession", released in 1968, however the song also featured on Three Dog Night's 1969 albums "Captured Live at the Forum" and "Suitable for Framing".
            "One" is a song written by Harry Nilsson and made famous by Three Dog Night .Nilsson wrote the song after calling someone and getting a busy signal. He stayed on the line listening to the "beep, beep, beep, beep..." tone, writing the song. The busy signal became the opening notes of the song.The song was released as a single and became a hit, reaching number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100. That same year, the song was covered by Australian singer Johnny Farnham, reaching number 4 on the Australian charts.
         "Crystal Blue Persuasion" is a 1969 song originally recorded by Tommy James and the Shondells and composed by Eddie Gray, Tommy James and Mike Vale.When released as a single in June 1969, "Crystal Blue Persuasion" became one of the biggest hits for the group, peaking at number two on the Billboard Pop Singles chart. The single version differs from the album version of the song with horn overdubs added to the mix and a longer bongos overdub before the third verse. Many listeners thought "Crystal Blue Persuasion" was a drug song advocating the use of "crystal meth" (Methamphetamine), while on the West Coast-- where at the time of the song's release there were several popular types of high quality blue-colored LSD tablets in circulation--listeners generally assumed James was referring to "acid". A primitive non-representational music video was made, that showed various scenes of late 1960s political and cultural unrest and imagery of love and peace.
