               FabFilter Pro-DS v1.00 MacOSX
           R2R | 7.10.2012 | 5.32 MB



Intelligent and transparent

    Even when using the best mics, pre-amps and converters, sibilance in vocal recordings can     easily get over-accentuated during post-processing like compression or saturation. But don't     worry, FabFilter Pro-DS comes to the rescue!

Accurate detection

    With its highly intelligent 'Single Vocal' detection algorithm, FabFilter Pro-DS accurately     identifies sibilance in vocal recordings and attenuates it transparently.
    When using the 'Allround' mode, Pro-DS becomes a great tool for high-frequency limiting of any     material, like drums or even full mixes. Try it out yourself!

Everything you need

    FabFilter Pro-DS offers everything you need to get the best result possible, presented in a     simple and easy-to-use interface. Wide band or linear-phase split band processing, an optional     look-ahead of up to 15 ms, adjustable stereo linking with optional mid-only or side-only     processing, up to four times linear-phase oversampling... it's all there.

FabFilter goodies

    Of course, you also get all the usual FabFilter goodies: perfectly tuned knobs, MIDI Learn,     Smart Parameter Interpolation for smooth parameter transitions, an excellent help file with     interactive help hints, SSE optimization and much more!



Key features

    Highly intelligent 'Single Vocal' detection, and classic 'Allround' detection
    Transparent program-dependent compression/limiting
    Adjustable Threshold, Range and detection HP and LP filtering settings
    Wide Band or linear-phase Split Band processing
    Optional look-ahead time up to 15 ms
    Freely adjustable stereo linking
    Optional mid-only or side-only processing
    Up to four times linear-phase oversampling
    Real-time de-essing display, clearly showing the affected parts of processed audio
    Side-chain input meter, making it easy to choose a good Threshold value
    Real-time spectrum analyzer built into the HP/LP filter controller

    GPU-powered graphics acceleration
    High-quality 64-bit internal processing
    Double-click text entry of parameter values
    Large and compact interface sizes
    Stereo and mono plug-ins available
    Supports common Pro Tools hardware control surfaces
    MIDI Learn
    Undo/redo and A/B comparison
    Smart Parameter Interpolation
    Sample-accurate automation of all parameters
    Extensive help file with interactive help hints
    Available in AU, VST, VST 3, AAX and RTAS formats for Mac OS X and Windows



Requirements:

    
    32-bit: OS X 10.5 or higher
    64-bit: OS X 10.6 or higher
    AU or VST 2/3 host or Pro Tools
    Intel or G4/G5 processor


INSTALLATION:


  ΓÇó  Next open the .zip file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports zip files such as StuffItExpander and extract.


  ΓÇó Install



              ΓÇó  That's it! Done.


                             3Nj0Y!!!