Follow my uploads here:              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 1.5+
Overview: A fun multiplayer word game. Who can make the highest scoring words? Ad free version of Wordfeud.

Play against 17 million opponents!

Wordfeud is a cross-platform multiplayer puzzle game available for Android and iPhone. Challenge friends and random opponents and play in up to 30 separate games simultaneously!

Create and place words on the 15 by 15 tile board and earn points for creativity and placing letters on the high scoring Double Letter, Double Word, Triple Letter and Triple Word tiles.

Search for friends to play against or allow Wordfeud to match you up with an opponent. Even chat with them - smack talk or praise - it's your choice!

Tired of the same standard board each game? Choose the option to randomize the board and change up where the DL, TL, DW, TW tiles are placed - giving the classic game a new twist!

Features:
- Choose to play with friends or be matched up against random opponents
- Play in 30 simultaneous games!
- Random board option to mix up the DL, DW, TL, TW tiles
- Push notifications informing you of opponent's latest move
- Uses English, German, Spanish, French, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish and Danish dictionaries
- Chat with your opponents

For more information on Wordfeud, visit us at Wordfeud.com and follow on Twitter @wordfeud. Also check out the Facebook fan page at

Important: if you're updating and have a device running Android 1.6, uninstall the previous version first. All your in-progress games will still still be there after reinstalling.

What's in this version:
We've added a German dictionary!

                                By bobiras2009		