                                  By bobiras2009			



Screen On/Off Using gestures:
ΓÿÇ Flip cover mode
ΓÿÇ Swipe Mode
ΓÿÇ Cover & Hold

Want to feel what gestures can do? Here's an application which will let
you turn off/on your screen just with a swipe!! Swipe your hand over the proximity sensor (Located near the earpiece on top of the phone).

Features:

    Pocket/Flip or Smart Cover Mode: Turns screen OFF when sensor covered and ON when uncovered. (Feature requested by Galaxy Note users)
    Swipe to Screen Off: Turn OFF the screen by sliding your hand 
    Cover to Screen Off: Turn OFF the screen by Covering the sensor for a duration of time (Cover and Hold)
    Cover to Screen On: Turn ON the screen by Covering the sensor for a duration of time (Cover and Hold) - Note: This can cause Battery Drain
    Ignore Apps list: Add the apps/games where you want to disable the service 
    Widget: to start and stop the service 
    ScreenOff shortcut: to turn off the screen by launching the app. 
    Sensor Configuration : Based on your device select the sensor of your choice, or the one that's available and configure their values, as they are different for different devices. 
    Enable screen on/off during calls only
    Disable call handling completely
    De-Activate sensors after timeout
    Override power button and screen-on by other apps (Phone is in pocket and you get a call or you accidentally press the power button, screen will remain off)
    Prevent accidental screen on
    Disable accidental lock - in Swipe to Screen Off mode if the sensor is covered for longer than specified duration screen wont turn off 
    Vibration on screen On/Off

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 23, 2012)

    Fixed the InCallOnly mode, sensor is active only during the senor, thereby saving power.
    Added new battery saving feature: "De-Activate sensors after timeout". You can set a value in minutes and sensors will be de-activated after timeout and re-activated only when screen turns on.
    Upgraded the Ignore list UI and included even the system apps.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                  By bobiras2009			