PO t HS

Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

When The SHTF - SURVIVAL for 2013
Volume 9
Off the Electrical Grid
Make Your Own



POtHS - When The SHTF - SURVIVAL for 2013 Vol 9 - Off the Electrical Grid - Make Your Own


Seed long (FORGIVE THE PUN) and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, to Bless all that Seed Long.


POtHS Comment:NO ELECTRICITY = Nothing Digital, no computers, TV's, no radios, no lights, no cars, no gas, no hospitals, no police, no firemen,no ambulances, NO NOTHING................................................

Description:

1 - Alternative Energy
2 - Alternative Energy Demystified
3 - Build Your Own Electrical Generators
4 - Fundamentals of Renewable Energy Processes, Second Edition
5 - Home Power Magazine Solar, wind and renewable energy Issue [nooTyGuy]
6 - Homepower
7 - Misc Electric Videos
8 - New Scientist Magazine - 10th April 2010 (7Summits)
9 - Saved By The Sun - Solar Energy
10- Solar Cells and Their Applications
11- Solar Energy Simplified
12- Solar Panel Blueprint
13- The Sun - A User's Manual
14- Xtras

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe The Above Statement and that the Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed...

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...hmmm sounds like some of us might be Immortal. (Ask your preacher about that)

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the TRUTH. 

 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      thankyou    thankyou     Thank You JESUS

  