300 Chicken Recipes by Rickie Banksen

 Publisher: DP Publishing | 2009 | ASIN B002MKO53E | PDF | 2009 pages | 12 MB

 If you enjoy chicken, then you might be interested in this information. You can have 300 tasty chicken recipes, some passed down four generations, delivered to your computer instantly.

 But first, let me tell you how this project began.

 Over the years, I have been looking for some of the Southern recipes my Great-Grandmother used to cook for us as children. All of us had our favorites, but no one ever turned down a meal in our Great-Grandmother's home. Recently, all of us got together. Many of us wanted to taste some of these long lost dishes - However, their was a slight problem.

 The Problem was that the recipes had all been in my Great-Grandmother's head.
 She was willing to teach you how to prepare the dish, but there were no written recipes. So, I had to ask my Mother, Grandmother, Aunts and some very lucky Cousins for their versions of her recipes. For every recipe of Great-Grandmother's that I collected, it seemed I also picked up 10 new family recipes.

 Since many of my family were in the military, and had traveled with their families all over the world, not all of the recipes were confined to Southern cooking.

 Italian, Japanese, French and the American South and South-West had combined to make a truly amazing food extravaganza.

 By the time I was finished, I had over two thousand recipes and the collection keeps growing on a daily basis.

 We decided the only way to present this amazing collection was to categorize it by dish. That's why I am proud to present:

 ebook Living's 300 Chicken Recipes

 After a year of sorting through family recipes, I am now making this product available for purchase for the first time.

 Here is what you get inside the "300 Chicken Recipes"
 Recipes include:

 Fried Chicken Recipes
 Chicken Casserole Recipes
 Chicken Wing Recipes
 Chicken Salad Recipes
 Chicken Seasonings & Marinades
 Chicken Divan Recipe
 Quick & Easy Chicken Recipes
 Baked Chicken Recipes
 Cajun Chicken Recipes
 Chicken Pot Pie Recipes
 Quick Chicken Recipes
 Chicken with Rice Recipes
 Chicken Soup Recipes
 Italian Chicken Dishes

 and much, much more!