Follow my uploads here:                       
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                        
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

TuneUp Utilities 2012 12.0.3600.114 Multilingual Final Cracked By bobiras2009

TuneUp Utilities 2012 - A new version of a large set of various tools for tuning and optimizing the system. With this program you can clean the disks of dust, remove invalid entries from the registry and defragment it, optimize memory, manage startup permanently delete files from the disc with a special tool "TuneUp Shredder" (further recovery becomes impossible, even with special programs), to recover deleted files, change the look of Windows, and much more. All utilities in this package integrated into a single graphical environment.

The new Start page

TuneUp Utilities 2012 welcomes you with a completely redesigned Start page, which tells you about the status of your computer. If problems or nonoptimal settings are found, you are only a mouse-click away from resolving them. The Start page also tells you when new tips for increasing computer performance are available and warns you if maintenance tasks are not being taken care of automatically. The Start page also shows you whether new automatic startup programs have been added to Windows since the last time you ran TuneUp Utilities. You can decide whether these programs that start up automatically are really necessary.

Free up disk space

The already rapid display of disk space to be freed up is now even faster on NTFS drives. And now it is so easy to delete even more unnecessary files, like the backup files for the first Windows Vista service pack and the Opera and Safari caches. The second "Free up disk space" module that helps you turn off Windows functions that use excessive disk space has also been enhanced. The Windows Search index can now be disabled and deleted with a single click. This makes particular sense if you are already using a different search engine. In addition, TuneUp Disk Space Explorer now runs faster and no longer requires that an entire drive be analyzed. You can now specify that only those folders be analyzed that you are really interested in.

Lots more improvements

Along with the totally new features, there are a series of improvements that are not immediately visible. There are small improvements like Tooltips in the main window, a substantial increase in the number of problems that can be found byTuneUp Registry Cleaner, and better progress feedback from TuneUp Drive Defrag. But there are also big improvements "under the hood". Two good examples are a completely reworked installation program and significant improvements in our update technology.



                                By bobiras2009		