 
http://img88.imageshack.us/img88/9748/awakey.jpg


Plot:

Lots of people find themselves leading some kind of double life... but none quite like this. After Detective Michael Britten (Jason Isaacs) wakes up from a car accident with his wife and teenage son, he learns the devastating news that his wife died in the crash. Trying to put the pieces of his life back together, he wakes up a few days later to realize that his wife is very much alive and his son died in the accident! Did he lose his wife or his son? Or neither of them?? What if your life split in two in the face of a situation like this, and you could actually have everything you wanted, just not all at the same time? Michael goes back to work solving crimes while trying to put things back on a "normal" track, but alternating between realities provides some challenges - one moment he and his wife are grappling with having another child to replace their loss, and the next moment he's finding himself attracted to his son's tennis coach to fill the void from the loss of his wife. At the same time, he is solving crimes in each world which sometimes overlap in fascinating and inexplicable ways. Is he dreaming or going mad? Michael begins seeing two different therapists to help him sort things out, but then again why would he want either "reality" to go away when the totality of both means having his family complete?


Vertaling: Désirée, minouhse, Quetsbeek, Xtreme


Seizoen 1 Aflevering 2: The Little Guy

Detective Michael Britten continues to deal with his parallel versions of reality. In one world he's looking for ways to reconnect with his son, Rex, by offering him some normalcy while they deal with his mother's death. In the other, Britten works to understand the emotions that his grieving wife, Hannah is going through. Meanwhile, a witness in the murder of a homeless man tells Britten and his rookie partner, Vega that a "small guy" was spotted at the scene of the crime. When that clue crosses over into the case Britten is working on in his other reality, Bird, is confused by his partner's sudden interest in the height of the suspects they are investigating. Meanwhile, Britten's captain, shows growing concern over his behavior. Later, the events surrounding the fateful accident that changed Britten's life come into question and throughout, Dr. Lee and Dr. Evans continue to present their dueling theories on Britton's condition.




Deze serie wordt u aangeboden door het DutchReleaseTeam.
Voor de reviews van de nieuwste films, muziek, series, games etc
ga dan eens naar http://www.hetmultimediacafe.be/


Kijk ook eens op filmtutorials.nl, tutorials over oa converteren, ondertiteling toevoegen en nog veel meer!

DutchReleaseteam = Hardcoded Dutch Subs