Canvas 14

Why Canvas 14?

Looking for a single technical graphics solution? Analyze, enhance and share your rich information with ease, precision, and pro results, using just one integrated application.

Canvas 14 is all you need.

Canvas 14 is how engineers and technical graphics professionals illustrate and communicate with confidence. CanvasΓÇÖ minimum precision levels and powerful object illustration and image editing tools ensure that the accuracy of your data is maintained from import right through to publication and beyond. Accelerate and streamline your technical illustration workflow from initial import and design to final presentation, facilitate collaboration, and improve your overall productivity with this complete technical illustration software solution

Technical Illustration
As the preferred choice of technical illustrators in precision industries, Canvas 14 comes with all the powerful vector object illustration and advanced raster image editing tools you need, in one integrated, flexible design environment.

Technical Illustration and Enhancement with Greater Control

Work with vector and raster images
CanvasΓÇÖ integrated design environment lets you work with both vector graphics and raster images in the same document, with the same powerful enhancement tools.

Draw and Edit with Precision
Resize and scale objects, add fill and stroke inks, widths and other attributes, and draw shapes ΓÇô all with measured precision and placement. Take advantage of specialized tools to draw complex shapes including rounded rectangles, complex polygons, cubes, spirals, grids and rectangular boxes in isometric views. Draw and edit paths and curve segments using the control points that define them.

And much more......

System Requirements

Hardware

Intel Pentium 4 or better
512 MB RAM installed (1 GB RAM recommended)
700 MB free hard disk space (1.5 GB recommended)
16-bit color or higher (True color recommended)
1024x768 or higher screen resolution recommended
DVD drive (to install from the installer disk)

Software

Microsoft Windows XP Home or Professional operating system (with Service Pack 2 installed), Windows Vista, Window 7 or Windows 8
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 (7.0 or higher recommended)

Homepage: http://www.acdsee.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Edit "hosts" file, Instruction given inside.
2. Install Program.
3. Use given key to register.
4. Done, Enjoy.
