Folder Lock 7 comes with a perfect combination of seven (7) security tools, letting you encrypt your important files using 256-bit on-the-fly encryption; back them up in real-time to an online storage, and store them to any portable device. The program also lets you lock files, folders and drives; save your personal information in Wallets; shred files and clean your Windows History.

Features of Folder Lock 7.1.8
===============================
1. Users have an option Whether to Encrypt or Lock, choices useful for both power users and casual users. Those who want ultimate security, can choose encrypiton. those who want ultimate speed, can choose locking.
2. There's no longer the hassle of encrypting each and every file on different locations. Think how much time you will save simply by putting all your files and folders in one location. Convenient encryption and decryption happens on-the-fly.
3. Both Encryption and Locking are exceptionally fast. No competitor is offering this speed while offering 100% secure 256-bit AES Encryption.
4. The Lockers can not be deleted on the computer where Folder Lock is installed and Folder Lock can  t be uninstalled without the correct password.
5. Users who want to password protect folders on multiple locations on their hard disk, not just on the C: drive, can Easily protect their files on another partition by copying the  Lockers  from one place to another or by simply using the  Lock  feature.
6. Secure and very strong Encryption. A strong industry standard 256-bit AES Encryption is used to encrypt your files for maximum protection. It is one of the most trusted encryption algorithms used in United States Military.
7. Folder Lock offers fully portability and it can even protect CD / DVD-RW, not just USB Flash Drive, Memory Stick and floppy disks. To protect data on these drives, you can simply copy or burn your Locker to that drive.
8. Lockers can also be emailed to someone over the internet. They won  t be Able to see your encrypted files without your password / permission. Even if someone breaks through and checks your email attachment in between, he won  t be Able to decrypt or use this information without the correct password.
9. Folder Lock works flawlessly on all Next Technology Windows, ie Windows Vista / 2003 / XP / 2000 / NT. It is also fully compatible on all disk drives types Including FAT16, FAT32, NTFS and EFS.
10.You can increase of the size of your Locker by simply adding more files and folders into your Locker. Even if you are left with little space in your Locker, you can always increase of its size.
11.Brute force cracking is not possible, since the program delays for some time once a password is entered. This will Prevent hackers who may try many different combinations of passwords to get through your files. The program also produces a load beep when an incorrect password is entered, to alert the administrator of possible hack attempt.
12.Password Strength meter shows you the strength of the password as you type, while you  re setting a new password. Basic rule of thumb is to use a password that is easy to remember but hard one to guess.
13.Folder Lock doesn  t save the password in the registry or the disk, Preventing hackers and crackers.
14.Folder Lock also offers Auto Protect and Auto Shutdown features, this setting automatically locks or shutdown if more than five incorrect passwords are entered to try to decrypt the files.
15.Folder Lock erases tracks of users when they click the lock button. It deletes recent document history, find file and folder history and the data in the clipboard when you close the Locker.
16.Protects important files from viruses, hackers, crackers, trojans, malware, spyware, worms, malicious programs and scripts. Protects files from network computers if you do not want to share files on the network. Also Protects files from hacker tools when you connect to the internet.
17.While using the Lock feature, users can choose to lock and hide their files simultaneously. Locked and Hidden files are unrenameble, undeletable, unmovable and totally inaccessible. There is no limit to the size of the data or the type of files you can protect.
18.With its reduced file size and compact design, Folder Lock takes only 3.5 MB of hard disk space.small, portable and easy to keep. Thanks to the latest compression techniques. The GUI and interface is so well designed, it looks like an integral part of Windows XP.
19.Folder Lock isn  t required to run at all times. Moreover, it doesn  t save anything to the registry / run so that users do not have any memory problems or stability problems with the program.

Requirements:	Windows (All Versions)
Languages:	Multiple languages

~ Install Notes ~
Step 1: Run the setup
Step 2: Use the given serial key to activate

 Enjoy...

Torrent Create & Uploaded by Tuklu.
