In each episode of FAST N' LOUD, motor mastermind Richard Rawlings and mechanical prodigy Aaron Kaufmann search the far flung corners of Texas and surrounding states for forgotten and derelict classic cars to buy and restore at their Gas Monkey Garage in Dallas, Texas. While 'in Rome,' they'll sometimes get in with the local customs and characters — the all American, full throttle road trip with attitude. Ultimately, Richard and Aaron will work days and nights to finish their cars to make auction. But will their blood, sweat and beers translate into cold hard cash?

As far back as the 1950s, America has been a virtual graveyard of classic cars. Across the country, vintage vehicles can be found rusting in overgrown fields, abandoned back lots, and musty garages. From '57 Chevys to '73 Trans Ams, these machines are screaming to be brought back to life. To most they're just rust buckets, but to Rawlings and his crew they're a goldmine waiting to be excavated. In fact, that's their specialty: they turn rust into gold.

Richard and Aaron travel the back roads, searching barns, swap meets, and open fields for that one rare ride to restore. They always have at least one big build project at their garage — that's their big money to keep the doors open. But choosing the right car is the trick. Richard is the man with the eye, the gift for seeing that rare find; while Aaron is the master mechanic who decides whether or not these relics are too far gone or the perfect basis for a Gas Monkey overhaul.

Once Richard wheels and deals for a good price, it's back to the Garage to set the design plan and begin the major teardown. Then, the major work begins. It's always a race against the clock to get these cars finished: time is money at Gas Monkey Garage and the quicker they finish their cars, the quicker they can get to auction.

But there's always some fun time worked into their crazy schedules, and no matter how nuts their day gets, you can bet you'll see some donuts in the driveway or a test drive of a great car.

Meanwhile, Richard is always looking for a quick flip — a car that someone has undervalued that with just a little work he can turn for twice the profit. But no matter what — be it the major project of the week, or a quick flip — the boys always make sure these cars are fast and loud.
