P O S T M O R T E M

presents for nothin but our pleasure

Planets under Attack
(c) Targem Games

Release-Date.: 10/12
Protection...: Activation
Disc.Count...: 1 CD
Game.Type....: Strategy
Language.....: Some

G A M EN O T E S

Planets under Attack offers a surprising depth of
gameplay, while its intuitive controls allow even casual
gamers to pick it up and feel comfortable immediately.
In addition to the addicting gameplay, Planets under
Attack is an obvious labor of love. An exciting and
memorable cast of characters exist perfectly in this
artistically beautiful world. From the ships to the
planets, everything has an essence of its own, with a
memorable soundtrack and comical sound effects breathing
life into the visuals

The goal of this challenging space adventure is to
conquer a galaxy of planets, while undertaking a
multitude of special challenges. Take control of your
mighty space armada, and wreak havoc across the cosmos,
but choose your targets wisely! Conquered planets will
net you income to expand your forces, but you must
carefully weigh the pros and cons of attacking each
planet, as timing and available resources are critical
to victory. Above all else, you must keep a cool head.
Enemies race to capture your territory as you hone in on
theirs and multiple battles will rage on all fronts. You
must make tactical decisions at every turn, from
scouting your enemies and deploying units, to shoring up
your planets' defenses and knowing when to attack and
when to defend. Strategic multi-tasking and a keen
military mind will lead directly to unrivaled
glory... while careless play will reduce your army to space
dust.

Languages: English*, German*, French, Italian, Spanish,
Russian, Polish, Czech - * = Audio

G R O U PN O T E S

We have enough money, beer, girls or whatever at the moment.

Besides:

POSTMORTEM will not pre any updates
or patches. Don't like that idea?
BUY THE GAME!

G R E E T i N G S

Skid Row, Unleashed
Razor 1911, Reloaded, 0x0007

Mummy & Daddy

It's just a competition!
Support the Software-Developer,
if you like this game!