Joey DeFrancesco - 40 - Jazz Organ

On his latest album, Joey DeFrancesco, a world-class jazz organist and winner of the Down Beat Critics and Readers Poll as the top jazz organist every year since 2003, sounds better than ever as he swings through an update of the Ray Charles hit, 'I Got A Woman'. He turned 40 in April 2011 and recorded the album '40' two months later.

Tracklist:
01. Donny's Tune (5:06)
02. Ashley Blue (7:01)
03. Gloria (5:48)
04. 100 Ways (9'09)
05. I've Got A Woman (7:15)
06. V & G (6:20)
07. Life Is Good (6:39)
08. Bluz 'n' 3 (6:11)
09. Caruso (5:44)

Total time: 59:14

Personnel:
Joey DeFrancesco, Hammond Organ, Numa Organ
Ramon Banda,  Drums, Percussion
Rick Zunigar, Guitar 

Audio Mixer: Tim Hunnicutt

Release Date: October 3, 2011
Label: Highnote Records, Inc.
-----

This album celebrates Joey DeFrancesco's 40th birthday. Twenty-three years ago he was playing piano with Miles Davis. Shortly thereafter, he sparked a revival of jazz organ that, thankfully, continues today. While 40 has no grand design beyond DeFrancesco's previous organ trio albums, its keep-on-keeping-on vitality infects you. The middle of the program is especially strong: the soul-music groove of 'One Hundred Ways', a fast-stepping/marching 'I've Got a Woman' and 'V & G', an easygoing DeFrancesco original with the melody backed by guitarist Rick Zunigar's Freddie Green-like accompaniment. DeFrancesco's 'Bluz 'n' 3', a jazz waltz, also scores with the organist's Jimmy Smith roots on display.

Zunigar, new to the trio, as is drummer Ramon Banda, offers swinging solo lines and clean articulation reminiscent of George Benson (and, by lineage, Grant Green and Wes Montgomery) throughout the set. He knows how to complement DeFrancesco's groove. Banda, a veteran of Poncho Sanchez's band, is an interactive drummer, not too busy but making his presence felt and heard in a variety of tonal and rhythmic ways. Pay attention to his tuning on the opening 'Donny's Tune'.

A couple of times during the set, DeFrancesco cools his ebullient virtuosity long enough to perform ballads: His 'Gloria' (which he sings in an expressive, low-key manner) and Lucio Dalla's 'Caruso'. The change of pace turns the scene into an intimate nightclub, and the ever-youthful DeFrancesco scores again with this birthday present.
By Owen Cordle

-----

Joey DeFrancesco remains the most comprehensive jazz organ talent the world knows with the full spectrum of orchestral sounds and registrations at his finger tips and unparallel musical sensibilities. Year after year, Joey brings new life to jazz organ a genre that he almost single-handedly re-defined and brought into the new millennium. Joey's latest for HighNote finds him celebrating a milestone in his life and career as he turns 40. It is hard, therefore, to imagine that Joey has been playing gigs for 30 years taking his first job at the age of ten! In rare form, Joey's original compositions and cover tunes run the gamut from jaw-dropping virtuosity to funky R & B and tender ballads. Hear why Joey DeFrancesco has won the Down Beat Critics and Readers Poll as the top jazz organist every year since 2003. Happy Birthday, Joey! Here's to the next forty years.

-----

On his latest album, DeFrancesco, a world-class jazz organist, sounds better than ever as he swings through an update of the Ray Charles hit, 'I Got A Woman'. He turned 40 in April 2011 and recorded 40 two months later.

He was anything but a late-bloomer. Under the guidance of his father, Hammond B-3 organist 'Papa' John DeFrancesco, Joey began playing piano at age four. Following in his fathers footsteps, he switched to organ, and by age 10, he had become a hometown favorite in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

The best was yet to come for young Joey, who was a finalist in the inaugural Thelonious Monk International Piano Competition. He toured and recorded with Miles Davis, and, at 18, landed a solo recording contract with Columbia Records.

DeFrancesco marks his return to the studio with several cover songs and a string of originals, including three tunes dedicated to his family.

Two compositions: 'Ashley Blue' and 'Donny's Song', pay tribute to his children, while 'Gloria', featuring Joey on vocals, honors his wife.  Rounding out his trio is guitarist Rick Zunigar and drummer Ramon Banda.

So, at age 40, life is good. What hasn't changed after all these years is DeFrancesco's love for performing. He says whenever he takes a solo 'there is something that happens spiritually, something that happens that's beyond comprehension'.

-----
MP3 Format 320 kbit/s. All songs are tagged by the book.

If you encounter errors during the file sharing, please, place this material as close to the root of the hard disk as possible and restart the file sharing (e.g. as close as possible to C: in Windows). This is in order to make the path (drive, directory and filename) as short as possible. Operating systems have limits regarding how long a path including the filename can be, and if this limit is exceeded there will be errors.
-----

