Auslogics BoostSpeed 5
 
Your one-stop PC maintenance and optimization tool.
The program will clean up, speed up and fix your slow
computer to make it run as fast and stable as new.
Cleans up the Windows registry
Defragments hard drives
Frees up disk space
Recovers accidentally deleted files
Speeds up Internet connection

Brand New Features

 System Scan
 Auslogics BoostSpeed 5 has a brand new interface that allows you to jump straight in, selecting the desired actions. Your current system state is displayed in the main window. All major tasks, such as removing junk files, defragmenting disks and repairing registry errors can be done with just a couple of mouse clicks. You can also switch to additional tabs with optimization advice, resources usage information and advanced tools for even more control over your system.

 File Recovery
 If you have accidentally deleted an important document or a picture - don't panic! Auslogics BoostSpeed 5 is supplied with the File Recovery tool. This program will recover accidentally deleted files or files deleted by virus attacks and software faults. Auslogics File Recovery has the ability to preview photos and even documents while browsing through the list of found files. This feature will help you to recover exactly what you need.

 Disk Doctor
 This tool checks your hard drives for problems related to bad sectors, lost clusters and directory errors. With Disk Doctor you will be able to recover data from unreadable sectors and monitor your hard drive health. We highly recommend running this tool at least once a month. If you start seeing lots of bad sectors, it is better to make a backup copy of your important files and consider getting a new hard drive. This will save your data from being lost.

 Disk Explorer
 Auslogics Disk Explorer is designed to help you track disk space usage. It will display an intuitive and easy to understand pie chart, that will show you the largest files and folders on your disks. By using Disk Explorer you can easily and quickly free up additional space on your disk when needed. Just select the "Top 100 files" list to see which files are taking up the most of your hard drive space and save them to a CD, DVD, or removable drive.

About Auslogics BoostSpeed
 
Version:5.4.0.10 
Release date:September 13, 2012 
Program size:12.13 MB 

System Requirements
 
Windows 8/7/2008/Vista/2003/XP (32-bit & 64-bit)
50 MB available hard disk space
256 MB RAM
 
Homepage: http://www.auslogics.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.
