[img]http://i.imgur.com/Jjafh.png[/img]


The Driver Reviver application will scan one of the world's largest Driver databases quickly and will identify 100% of all consumer hardware devices enabling you to download the latest drivers straight to your PC. With Driver Reviver, all your peripherals will work and you will experience a faster and optimized PC.


Driver Reviver Features and Benefits

Ensures your PC and its components are performing at their optimum levels. Missing out on the latest Driver releases means your PC and hardware devices are missing out on bug fixes, performance improvements, and potential new features from the manufacturer.	

Eliminates the risk of downloading a faulty Driver or even malware. The wrong Driver or malware could render your PC inoperable and potentially put you at risk of identity theft.

Saves you time. It can take numerous hours to track down each Driver for each single piece of hardware connected to your PC. Driver Reviver accomplishes this in minutes.	

Protects you from mistakes. The restore point setting in Driver Reviver ensures that if there are any problems with an update, the changes can be easily reversed to get you back up and running in no time.

No need to be tech-savvy. It can take considerable PC knowledge to scan for Drivers, download them, and install them correctly. Driver Reviver does all of this for you, quickly, easily and safely.	

Driver Reviver is RISK FREE. If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, simply contact our customer care team within 30 days of your purchase, and we will give you your money back.

Prevents you from incorrectly using the wrong Driver. Drivers are hardware-dependent and operating-system-specific. This means that Drivers (1) must be compatible to your PC's operating system, and (2) be suited to your hardware's brand and model. Driver Reviver automatically works on this basis so you're assured that Driver update recommendations are specific to your system and hardware.	

24/7 technical support. Support for Driver reviver is available from within the product, from our website and via email.


Installation instructions :

1. Install .exe file. Don not run.
2. Open "crack" folder.
3. Copy and paste crack to your desired installed place.