Uncle John's Bathroom Reader: Plunges into History: The real stories behind famous people and events from ancient to modern times. Anecdotal, thought provoking and organized by topic. Chapters will include: You Said You Knew How to Fire That Thing: Misadventures and Wrong Turns that Challenged History; the 10 Most Important Forgotten People in History; Slips of the Tongue: Simple Mistakes that Led to Great Discoveries and Awful Disasters.

Uncle John's Bathroom Reader Golden Plunger Awards: This unique volume—Uncle John’s Bathroom Reader Golden Plunger Awards—gives readers a new way to recognize some of the world’s greatest (and oddest) achievements. Since 1987, the Bathroom Readers’ Institute has led the movement to stand up for those who sit down and read in the bathroom (and everywhere else for that matter). With more than 11 million books in print, the Uncle John’s Bathroom Reader series is the longest-running, most popular series of its kind in the world.

Uncle John's Bathroom Reader Wonderful World of Odd: his volume—Uncle John’s Bathroom Reader Wonderful World of Odd—exposes the best of the weirdest news, facts, and fun from all over the world. Since 1987, the Bathroom Readers’ Institute has led the movement to stand up for those who sit down and read in the bathroom (and everywhere else for that matter). With more than 11 million books in print, the Uncle John’s Bathroom Reader series is the longest-running, most popular series of its kind in the world.

Uncle John's Presents - The Book of the Dumb: In every field of human endeavor, there are people, things, and ideas that rank among the best mankind has ever produced—the Book of the Dumb isn't about any of that. This volume from Uncle John’s Bathroom Reader teaches us one valuable lesson: Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.

Uncle John's Supremely Satisfying Bathroom Reader: Topics: History of Political Parties; How we got the Dollar Part 2; First Star Trek Convention; History of Tipping; Story of Garlic; History of Chocolate; Kung Fu; History of Sgt. Pepper, Rock's Greatest Album; History of Peanuts - the cartoon; How Does Soap Work?; History of the Bra; Origin of the Match; Origin of the Paperclip; Origin of Football.

Uncle John's Unsinkable Bathroom Reader: With this all-new 21st edition, Uncle John’s Unsinkable Bathroom Reader, Uncle John and his crack staff of writers prove that after more than two decades in the business, they’re still at the top of their game. Since 1987, the Bathroom Readers’ Institute has led the movement to stand up for those who sit down and read in the bathroom (and everywhere else for that matter). With more than 11 million books in print, the Uncle John’s Bathroom Reader series is the longest-running, most popular series of its kind in the world.
 
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&field-keywords=uncle+john%B4s+bathroom+reader