The world’s most successful film series meets the world’s most successful toy in the epic video game LEGO Star Wars. This brilliantly conceived alliance blends the unique world and designs of LEGO play materials with the unforgettable characters, stories, and vehicles of the prequel eras of the Star Wars universe. 
Play the most memorable and exhilarating scenes from The Phantom Menace, Attack of the Clones, and the forthcoming Episode III Revenge of the Sith, including pod racing on Mos Espa, the repelling of the droid onslaught in the Genosian arena, and Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon’s fatal fight with Darth Maul. Besides controlling the likes of Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, Anakin Skywalker, and R2-D2, notorious dark-side enemies such as Jango Fett, Darth Maul, and Count Dooku appear in thrilling showdowns. As you progress through the game you unlock many new characters including those from the Dark Side, and you must switch between them to solve puzzles using their special abilities. 

In addition to a single-player mode, there is a "drop in, drop out" two-player co-operative mode allowing a second player to enter or leave the action whenever they want. There is also a free-play mode where unlocked characters can be played in different scenarios to those of the films. This adds immeasurably to the game’s re-playability and there are further incentives to complete the game for budding Jedi Knights in the form of hidden levels and vehicles. 

Features: 

Play the most memorable and exciting scenes from Episode I: The Phantom Menace, Episode II: Attack of the Clones, and the forthcoming Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. 
Choose from over 30 of your favorite Star Wars characters, ranging from the legendary Jedi Knight, Obi-wan Kenobi, to everyone’s favorite Wookiee, Chewbacca, to the evil villains of Revenge of the Sith. Every character has unique weapons and abilities--which provides for a different gameplay experience every time. 
Use "The Force" to manipulate environments and objects in order to solve puzzles. 
Massive array of vehicles including Naboo fighters, pod racers, speeder bikes, and yet-to-be-unveiled vehicles from Episode III: Revenge of the Sith. 
Two-player "drop in, drop out" mode. 
Free-play mode where unlocked characters can be played in different scenarios to the films. 
Goodies that can be used to unlock a world full of secrets, cheats, and bonuses. 
Authentic sounds from the films provided by Skywalker Studio. 
Created by highly successful young gamers developer Travellers Tales. 
