Doc Samson possesses super-human physical abilities as a result of exposure to high levels of gamma radiation.  His exposure is considerably less than that of The Hulk, or the Abomination.  The gamma radiation mutated the physique of Doc Samson by adding considerable muscle and bone mass to his body, granting him high levels of superhuman strength.  The exposure also turned his hair a bright shade of green.  Initially, his strength was dependent on the length of his hair and the longer it was, the more powerful he became, although his mutation has since stabilized, making his hair length irrelevant.  The strength of Samson is equal to that of a calm Gray Hulk.  Unlike The Hulk however, Samson's strength does not increase due to adrenaline surges.  As a result, Samson is ultimately far less powerful than The Hulk.  Samson is able to leap great distances vertically and horizontally, though not nearly as far as The Hulk, or Abomination.

Aside from granting him more muscle mass, the bodily tissues of Samson are fortified and are considerably harder than those of an ordinary human, granting him a high level of resistance to physical injury.  Samson can withstand falls from great heights, extreme temperatures, high-caliber bullets, and tremendous impact forces (including being repeatedly struck by The Hulk) without sustaining injury.  Samson is a highly skilled hand-to-hand combatant, and this ability, combined with his highly advanced musculature, grants him superhuman stamina.  Doc has demonstrated the ability to battle The Hulk for more than six hours; and has also briefly held his own against the combined forces of Iron Man, Wonder Man, Sub-Mariner, and Hercules.

Like others who have gamma induced powers, Doc Samson is immune to terrestrial diseases.  Unlike the Hulk, Abomination, or even She-Hulk, Samson has not demonstrated any accelerated healing powers.

Samson is said to be one of the most renowned psychiatrists on Earth.  He is often called on to counsel various super-humans, such as the members of X-Factor.  He has an M.D. in Psychiatry; is a skilled theoretical technician; and inventor of various medical devices.  His extensive study of the human mind also permits him a significant degree of resistance to telepathic attacks.  He sometimes uses psychology as a tool to get through the guard of a more powerful opponent, such as an Infinity Gem-empowered Titania. 

Doc Samson first appeared in The Incredible Hulk 141, in July, 1971, and was created by Roy Thomas and Herb Trimpe.  Since then, Doc Samson has also appeared as a supporting character in several different Marvel Comics titles, including She-Hulk, Uncanny X-Men, and Amazing Spider-Man.  In 1996, Doc Samson starred in his first self-titled mini-series written by Dan Slott.  In 2006, Samson starred in his second mini-series, this version written by Paul Di Filippo, and penciled by Fabrizio Fiorentino.

In this torrent, I have compiled for your downloading and perusing pleasures all issues of both series.

Enjoy, and please seed.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners, please.