Batman Arkham City Game Of The Year Edition (2012) [PCDVD][MULTi5]
 
http://www.3djuegos.com/13655/batman-arkham-city-edicion-game-of-the-year/


Platform: PC
Language: English, Spanish, French, Italian, German
Genre: Action
Quality: DVD
Format: ISO
Developer: Rocksteady Studios
Distributor: Warner Bros
Size: 18.20 GB

Description:
Extended version of the game that includes a new mission for the story mode and all the downloadable content appeared so far.

Become the Dark Knight - Batman: Arkham City offers a genuinely authentic Batman experience with advanced game, forcing every level: high-impact street brawls, the nail-biting stealth, multifaceted forensic investigation, epic super game -villain and unexpected visions of Batman's tortured psychology.
Play as Catwoman - Catwoman is a fully playable character in Batman: Arkham City who has her own story in the main game which is seamlessly interwoven with the story arc of Batman. Her navigation skills, combat moves and devices have been designed specifically to offer a fully equipped and unique experience.
Advanced FreeFlow Combat - Batman faces highly coordinated, simultaneous attacks from every direction as Arkham bands bring heavy weapons and all-new AI to the fight, but Batman is intensified with twice the number of combat animations and double the number of attacks, counters and takedowns.
New Gadgets - Batman has access to new gadgets such as the Cryptographic Sequencer V2 and Smoke Pellets, as well as new functionality for existing gadgets that expand the range of Batman's abilities without adding extra weight to his tool belt.
New Story - Five-time Emmy Award-winner Paul Dini returns to write a new story for Batman: Arkham City, taking gamers deep inside the diseased heart of Gotham.
Arkham has moved - Following the closure of Arkham Asylum and Blackgate prison, Gotham's new mayor, Quincy Sharp ordered the relocation of all inmates to Arkham City - a vast new super-prison five times bigger than Arkham Island, enclosing a wide variety of industrial districts, landmarks and monuments of Gotham.
Huge cast of characters - Players are numerous characters from the Batman universe, including Catwoman, Two-Face, Harley Quinn, Penguin, Hugo Strange, Victor Zsasz, Calendar Man, The Joker, Riddler and other iconic characters yet to be revealed.
Featured VO Talent - Mark Hamill and Kevin Conroy reprise their roles as The Joker and Batman respectively.

Requirements:
OS: Windows XP, Vista, 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz or AMD Athlon X2 4800 +
Memory: 2 GB of RAM
Hard disk space: 17 GB of free hard disk space
Video Card: ATI 3850HD 512 MB or 512 MB NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT
DirectX ┬«: 9.0c
Other Requirements: Online play requires login to Games for Windows - LIVE