The Training of Madison Young, Day One to Four - 720p

Sep 6 - Nov 30, 2007 - Performers: Madison Young


WMV only.


Applicant Profile 

Age:26
Sign:Virgo
Disposition: Masochist 

Fears / Current Limits: Abandonment, being ignored. 

Strengths: Able to channel / erotisize pain very well. Very flexible and well versed in bondage. Sexually adventurous and easily excited. Orgasms through penetration. 

Weaknesses: Applicant is unfamiliar with service and considers herself 'selfish with her kink'. She does not understand how to erotisize the satisfaction that comes from a 'job well done'. 

Experience: Many years experience in commercial BDSM as well as in her personal life. Very strong, committed player and activist in alternative sexualities. 

Current Status: Currently petitioning for a D/s contract with James. 

Initial Observations: Applicant wishes to be trained as a service oriented submissive. 

Applicant is a greedy little cunt and cannot get enough cock to satisfy herself. Her insatiable appetite is the largest inhibitor to her D/s experience because she is currently so involved in her own pleasure that she cannot see the significance of service.  She is a bondage and pain slut, a good thing, but again she derives her pleasure from receiving the sensations. Once things cross into a territory that she does not find personally exciting she begins to close down. Again, to experience the joys of service she must remain open to the dominant's drive. 

Recommendations: Take away her right to masturbate and punish her immediately for infractions. She has already broken this rule. While punishing her greedy cunt, teach her the difference between correction and punishment. 

Applicant can be evasive when questioned. Teach her the value of answering a direct question quickly and succinctly by ordering her into very stressful positions for extended periods of time. 

Demonstrate her blow job skills and refine her technique. She is very sloppy and needs to learn to give a tidy blow job when required. Order her onto all fours and teach her to pleasure a cock with her pussy. 

Teach her the value of remaining clean and available for use at all times by shackling and scrubbing the shit out of her in a cold shower room. Deliver her to her quarters to complete her homework and video journal, where she will be kept under curfew for her entire week of training.  

Screens 
http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=4680 
http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=4679 
http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=4681 
http://www.thetrainingofo.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=4682

Please note that 4680 is Day 1 and 4679 is Day 2.


8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   

Cheers  :-) 

