POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Chuck Missler

Volume 1
Angels 1 and 2

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Angels 1 & 2


Description:

Angels Volume 1: The Angelic Realm

For thousands of years most of us have either had or still hold to misconceptions, myths, legends, or traditions about angels and our own reality. In this study we will deal with these fascinating entities.

And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do? And he answered, Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be with them. And Elisha prayed, and said, LORD, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha.

2 Kings 6:15-17

A hidden army of protection: A reality that is normally hidden from our view. But are they real? What are the discoveries on the advance of science that may shed light on our understanding of them?

This briefing pack contains 2 hours of teachings


Angels Volume II: The Invisible War

For thousands of years most of us have either had or still hold to misconceptions, myths, legends, or traditions about Satan and the 'underworld'.

Volume two of a two part series, this DVD deals with these and many of the questions you may have such as:

What is Hell, Hades and Gehenna?

How do Demons differ from Angels and what's their limitations and agenda?

What is Satan's origin, agenda and destiny?

What is the Age of Hybrids?

How do we prepare ourselves through Spiritual hygiene and the Armor of God?

Join Dr. Chuck Missler in the Koinonia Institute Briefing Room at The River Lodge, New Zealand, breaking through misinformation and misconceptions about Angels and insights into the Invisible War.

This briefing pack contains 2 hours of teachings


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  