

 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Chuck Missler

Volume 7
Mystery of Babylon - Magog Invasion - Kabbalah

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Mystery of Babylon - Magog Invasion - Kabbalah


Description:

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Mystery Of Babylon - Magog Invasion - Kabbalah

Description:

The Mystery of Babylon:

The most important city in Iraq is not Baghdad and you have probably never heard it mentioned on the 10 o'clock news. It is mentioned over 300 times in the Bible (and it is even mentioned three times in the family tree of our Lord Jesus Christ!) This is, of course, the fabled Babylon.

It was founded by the first world dictator, Nimrod, and it may well be destined to be the capital of the final world dictator, commonly called the Antichrist! And this may all be emerging on our near horizon.

This study contains 2 hours of teachings



Kabbalah And The Rise Of Mysticism:

"Whether disillusioned by the self-imposed blinders and myopia of contemporary "science," or frustrated by the moral bankruptcy of unbridled materialism, increasing numbers of desperate people are now seeking "answers" outside the realm of natural phenomena and are pursuing the supernatural. The anguished plea of the disenfranchised now begs the question, "Is there anyone out there?"

Beyond the beguiling allure of many contemporary forms of ancient paganism, such as the New Age, Wicca, and others, many people have become attracted to a form of Hebrew mysticism known as Kabbalah. The popular press is speckled with articles of prominent Hollywood personalities who have taken up a popular contemporary version of Kabbalah

IThis briefing pack contains 2 hours of teachings


The Magog Invasion:

For many years we have been following the conventional view of Ezekiel 38 and 39. With the growing tensions between Iran and Israel, these passages are the subject of much current debate. However, the conventional view still leaves a number of puzzling inconsistencies and contradictions. Ezekiel 38 indicates that Israel is dwelling safely and ''without walls.'' Yet, with walls being built and missiles landing each day Israel is hardly dwelling in peace. This leaves us with a puzzling anomaly: the players listed in Ezekiel seen to exclude any of the bordering nations: Where are the Palestinians? The Lebanese? The Syrians? The Iraqis? The Jordanians? The Egyptians?

This study is approxmately 120 minutes in length


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long.
 

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 

