   The Waldorf Edition Plug-In Suite - Three masterpieces in one edition 
             

   The Waldorf Attack is one of the most powerful and beloved drum synthesizers. The PPG Wave 2.V is the authentic reproduction of the legendary PPG Wave 2.3. The D-Pole is the famous Waldorf Filter. What do you get when this is packed into one box? Pure creativity! Now also for Intel Macs and as AudioUnits.

Three of the best-selling synthesizer and effect plug-ins, updated and optimized for the latest VST and AudioUnit host applications.

The Waldorf Edition features the famous and award-winning PPG Wave 2.V, Attack and D-Pole plug-ins as VST and AudioUnit variants for your latest Windows XP (32bit) or Mac OS X computers.


The Macintosh versions are Universal Binaries allowing you to run them on the latest Macintosh computers with Intel processors.          
             


   Features: 
   --------- 
             
             
   PPG Wave 2.V 
             
   PPG Wave 2.V is the reincarnation of a cult, which started back in 1982 and 
   continues its life in modern Macintosh and Windows computers. 
             
   Attack    
             
   The Attack is a percussion synthesizer with a powerful virtual-analog synth 
   engine. It seamlessly integrates the sound of the 80's analog classics  and 
   the ambitious electronic club drums of the 90's into the virtual instrument 
   hosts of  the 21st  century. The  Attack generates  all its  sounds in real 
   time, giving you the freedom to alter all parameters directly. 
             
   D-Pole    
             
   The D-Pole is  a musically versatile  Filter Plug-In which  offers the same 
   powerful capabilities as the hardware equivalent. Now nothing prevents  you 
   from filtering your voice with no less than 5 filter types. Morph a  simple 
   acoustic  drum loop  into a  biting groovy  dance rhythm  using the  tempo 
   -synchronizable LFO.  Overdrive the  signal up  to +52dB.  Get the  vintage 
   ring-modulated sound for  really wild experiments  and send it  through the 
   stereo delay, or reduce the sample  rate of the signal until you  only hear 
   bleeps and clicks. 




   Compatibility: 
             
   (WIN) VST > 32bit and 64bit  
             
   (OSX) VST,AU > 32bit and 64bit 



INSTALLATION:


   ΓÇó Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as WinRar and extract

   ΓÇó Install

   ΓÇó use keygen to register


        ΓÇó That's it! Done.


                  3Nj0Y!!!