Here it is also but this time for Mac users for Mac Intel x64 for
Mac OS X 10.6 & 10.7 from today : February 18,2012
The official Final version of vlc media player 2.0.0

you can trust and believe me,i don't lie anyway.

Features :


Video :


◦Rewritten video output core and modules, allowing subpicture blending in GPU.
◦Shader support in the OpenGL output, for colorspace conversion, including 10bits.
◦New video outputs for Windows 7, Android, iOS and OS/2.
◦New debanding, grain, denoising and anti-flickering filters.
◦New deinterlacing filter, including an Inverse Telecine algorithm.


Audio :


◦New resamplers for higher quality audio.
◦New dynamic range compressor and karaoke filters.
◦Simplification of the audio core for faster processing.
◦New audio outputs for iOS, Android and OS/2.


Formats :


◦Multi-threaded decoding for H.264, MPEG-4/Xvid and WebM.
◦Support for 10bits codecs, WMV image and some other codecs.
◦Rewritten support for images, including jpeg, png, xcf, bmp...
◦Important changes in RealVideo and Real Format support.
◦CrystalHD cards and Android OpenMAX support for hardware decoding.


Input and Devices :


◦Experimental support for BluRay discs: 
- Menus are deactivated in this release (will come soon).
 - AACS and BD+ DRM libraries and keys are not shipped, for legal reasons.
◦Support for SDI capture cards and QTKit devices.
◦Support for new adaptive streaming protocols, like HLS and DASH.


For Mac Users :


◦Completely new, single window interface:
 - Available in 2 colors: Lion grey and QTX black.
 - Extensions support and better Lion integration.
◦Support for all QTKit devices through qtcapture and qtsound modules.
◦Continued support for X 10.5 and PPC users (1080p and ProRes on Dual-G5!).


For Anime Fans :


◦Vastly improved MKV demuxer.
◦Rewritten linked segments and ordered chapter files support.
◦Correct support for FLAC, RV and Hi10p in MKV.
◦Rewritten seeking support in cue files.
◦Various ASS subtitles improvements.


For professional Users :


◦Support for ProRes 422 and 4444, AVC/Intra.
◦Support for Jpeg-2000 and DNxHD/VC-3 in 10bits.
◦Support for EBU subtitles (stl) and EIA-608.
◦SDI and HD-SDI card support for input on Linux.
◦New Dirac/VC-2 encoder, faster than the previous one.


For Developers :


◦libVLC, libVLCcore and libcompat have switched from GPL to LGPLv2.1+.
◦New libVLC examples are available: media player, photobooth and mediainfo clones.
◦New JSON requests on the web interface to control running VLC instances.
◦Implementation of the MPRIS2 interface to control media players.
◦VLC's web plugins have been rewritten for better integration and stability in all browsers.

enjoy and have fun :)

kind regards