IndigoRose Setup Factory

Setup Factory is the trusted and reliable way to make software installers for your Windows software applications. Unlike other installer builder tools that require week-long training courses in order to get up to speed, Setup Factory was designed to be fast and easy to use. Simply drag and drop your files onto the project window and you’re ready to build.

Create Professional Windows Software Installers
Advanced Installer Features that are Easy to Use
Installer Scripting Language for 100% Flexibility
Customizable Install Wizard Dialogs and Themes
Compact Setup.exe for Web, CD/DVD, USB & LAN
100% Installer Compatibility – Certified Windows 8 Compatible!
Whether you want to put shortcut icons on the desktop, register controls or customize the Wizard interface, it’s all just a few clicks away. Don’t be fooled by the affordable pricing – it’s the installer builder of choice for thousands of smart software developers.

Create Professional Windows Software Installers

Join the thousands of developers who have made the switch to Setup Factory. We’ve been making software installation tools since the days of Windows 3.0, and have learned a lot over the years. Competitors come and go, but Setup Factory marches on!

You can count on Setup Factory to make sure your software installation process is as smooth and trouble-free as possible. In fact, our Windows installer builder has been used to install software on hundreds of millions of computers. That’s a lot of trust. And something we take very seriously.

Advanced Installer Features that are Easy to Use

Creating a professional software installer doesn’t have to be a chore. With Setup Factory, you simply drag and drop your files onto the project window, and click on the publish button. It’s really that simple to build an advanced installer for your software. The Project Wizard can even walk you through the process.

Most people don’t need to go any further than that. However, Setup Factory also gives you full control over the software installation system with its powerful yet easy-to-use scripting language, should you need it.

Installer Scripting Language for 100% Flexibility

The beauty of Setup Factory is that it’s also powerful enough to handle any installation task. Our extremely flexible scripting language gives you total control over the installation process. You can execute programs, call DLL functions, manipulate strings, enumerate processes, interact with web scripts and much more.

All in, we include over 360 useful actions for you to use. And thanks to the fill-in-the-blanks style Action Wizard, anybody can create powerful installers that handle complex installation tasks with ease.

Customizable Install Wizard Dialogs and Themes

While other installer builders make you settle for the same old look, Setup Factory includes an innovative visual theme system and full featured dialog editor. Choose from dozens of pre-made themes or even make your own. It’s as easy as viewing a live dialog preview and picking your favorite style.

You can configure everything from fonts and banners to graphics, colors and much more. Whether you want your installers to look corporate, modern or artistic, you can do it with ease.

Compact Setup.exe for Web, CD/DVD, USB & LAN

Smaller and faster means a better experience for your customers. Our compact runtime overhead (including uninstall) and LZMA2 data compression simply shames the competition. Additionally, with no “unpacking” step, Setup Factory installers are also much faster to initialize and install than those created by competitive tools.

What’s more, our Publishing Wizard walks you through the build process with a few easy steps. The single-file setup.exe is ready for distribution by web, LAN, CD, DVD and USB drives. Plus, Authenticode Signing is built-in, for no-hassle internet installers.

100% Installer Compatibility: 32 Bit and 64 Bit

With Setup Factory 9.1, you can easily target both 32 bit and 64 bit versions of Windows from one environment. While you might only be doing 32 bit Windows development right now, with Setup Factory, you’re ready for the future too.

The fully self-contained setup.exe files created with Setup Factory 9.1 will work on all popular versions of Windows, including Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows Server 2003-2012 and we’re already certified Windows 8 compatible. We just can’t show the logo until the official release date…

Supported OS:

Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows Server 2003-2012 and we’re already certified Windows 8 compatible

Homepage: http://www.indigorose.com/products/setup-factory/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program, during installation use given serial.
2. Done, Enjoy.