Follow my uploads here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


MULTI-FUNCTION TOURIST NAVIGATION
Irreplaceable application for hiking, geocaching and your everyday life.
Locus offers many useful features such as :

    Online maps (browsing and downloading) 
    Offline maps 
    Navigation (online calculation tracks) 
    Vector maps 
    WMS service 
    Track recorder 
    Integration of Google My Maps (reading and editing) 
    Geocaching 
    Parking 
    Weather service 
    Point of interest 
    POI alert 
    Search (by adress, coordinates, contact) 
    Custom screen (created by community) 
    Integration of GPSies, Breadcrumbs, Street View and other 
    API for developers

Features :

ONLINE MAPS
OpenStreet maps (16 types), Freemap (4 types), ArcGIS (4 types), SHOCart (4 types), MapQuest (3 types), Navigasi (1 type)
Most of the maps can be used in offline mode. Selection of maps is still expanding. If you have a favorite map, which you don't find in Locus, please let us know and we add the maps to Locus (condition is that Locus corresponds with terms of use of map providers).

OFFLINE MAPS
Support for SQLite, TAR maps, MBT maps, GEMF formats.

GEOCACHING ΓÇô complet offline
Support for import Pocket Query files, Field notes (ability to pre-fill), load all waypoints for all POIs, graphical calculations (intersections of circles, intersection of lines) and many other tools for geocaching.

VECTOR MAPS
Vector maps of the whole World in Locus.
Possibility to easy and fast downloading of maps thanks to addon, which can be bought to Locus Pro for 1Γé¼. The biggest advanteges are small size and quality of maps in all scales.

WEB MAP SERVICE ΓÇô online
The service allows to display map layers (thematic maps) of geographical informations, that are provided for public by individual institutions.

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 18 ,2012)

    add: Online map - Prahou na kole
    add: ability to disable "Optimization" for On-board calibration
    add: predefined profiles for Track record
    chg: information texts when downloading map
    chg: another small improvements in GroundOverlay handling
    chg: reduced memory requirements for TAR initialization
    chg: better restoring of previous state for Geocache screen
    fix: missing geocache logs
    fix: parsing EXIF info, centering on imported point, Lambert proj in RMAP and more

Required Android O/S : 1.6+

                                By bobiras2009		