Follow my uploads here:              
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:               
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Ultimate Call Screen HD Free combines a Fullscreen Caller ID replacement, contact picture manager, call blocker, and, on top of that, sensor-base actions such as rejecting calls by turning the phone screen-down, and swipe gestures just to be sure you handle your phone any way you want to.

Licensed users can link phone contacts to Facebook profiles, and use their HD profile pictures as call screens. Also with the License comes Ultimate SMS Screen, the name says it all.

All this on the same package, working from Android V2.1 to ICS, on any resolution on any phone.

There is no limit on the number of contacts you can personalize or block on the Free version. There are no adds and no timeouts. I believe on added functionality for value, not crippling the app to force buys.

Important:
To access the dialpad and other standard functions, press "back" button while on a call, or use the enable the "swipe down" feature to do the same

Feature:

General:

    No limit on number of contacts to personalize.
    Apply pictures to contacts directly from your gallery, with the android "share" function. Just choose "Add to UCS"!

Full Screen Caller ID

    Selectively enable only for outgoing/incoming calls
    Enable swipe gestures to bring up the default phone interface
    Press "Back" when UCS is handling a call to jump back to your default phone interface

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 10, 2012)

    Fixed error on lower resolution devices when auto-syncing to internal android database
    Fixed error when defining default pictures for known/unknown callers on certain cases
    Performance improvements
    Minor bugfixes

Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                By bobiras2009		
