Huge respect to brodahisou for uploading this previously. I did a search for this (which I do for everything I upload - no need to double up on most things) but I didn't see it. The reason I didn't see it is because his is under Other/Other and I was searching in Other/Comics. When I did an open search of TPB it popped right up. But I'm already all the way through the 'Restoration' and the upload prep, so I'm going to go ahead and hit 'Add to index'.

The older files were quite small and had a lot of bleed-through on some pages, so the restoration did make a pretty dramatic difference to most issues. On a couple of them the bleed-through was so bad that I couldn't completely remove it. But for the most part, everything looks solid.

Please feel free to just grab issue 31 if you have the series already and don't want to replace it with the 'Restored' version.


Issues 1-31 of 'Age of Bronze - The Story of the Trojan War', plus the 'Age of Bronze Special' and 'Age of Bronze Behind the Scenes'

Image Comics, 1998-2010 (ongoing)

Written and Illustrated by Eric Shanower (well-known for his vast and varied work within the world of L. Frank Baum's 'Oz'.)

Age of Bronze is an American comics series by writer/artist Eric Shanower retelling the legend of the Trojan War. It began in 1998 and is published by Image Comics. Although still considered ongoing, the last issue (31) was published in December of 2010.

In February 1991, Shanower "conceived the idea to tell the story of the Trojan War in the comics medium," aiming to combine "the myriad versions of the Greek myth with the archaeological record" to showcase the tale in "authentic historical detail." This aim has been manifested in the ongoing comic book Age of Bronze, debuting in late 1998 from Image Comics. As of 2011, the series has been collected in three volumes:

A Thousand Ships - Issues 1 to 9, in which Helen, wife of the king of Sparta, is abducted by the Trojan prince Paris, and the Greeks gather their armies for war in response

Sacrifice - Issues 10 to 19, in which the progress of the Greek army is held up, until their king, Agamemnon, pays a debt he owes to the gods.

Betrayal Part One - Issues 20-26, in which Agamemnon's fleet sails to Troy and his envoys negotiate with King Priam.

Betrayal Part Two - Issues 27-31? Not yet released as a collected volume.

The series aims to be true to all literary traditions, from Homer's Iliad to Shakespeare's Troilus and Cressida, as well as to the archaeology of the Bronze Age Aegean. When complete it is projected to comprise seven volumes.

The seven volumes in their entirety will cover the complete story of the war. The books contain extensive bibliographies, for the story, the setting and historical Troy, drawing on the excavation work Heinrich Schliemann and the publication Studia Troica. The book does not depict the gods or any mythical beings, with Chiron portrayed as a relatively normal human being rather than a centaur.