Double Team - Lovetime & Flower

Written by Zack Lovetime & Paige Flower
Produced by Paul Katsneslon

2010





Lovetime & Flower Bio

INCEST. Or so it may seem. When they walk through the mall, people whisper, and they whisper back. They know what people are talking about. It's what everyone's talking about. They're cousins. Not first cousins, though. Her Mom is his cousin. Yet she's older than him. Rumors fly about their antics at parties. Their first song, Double Team, did nothing but stoke the fire. Threesomes? Maybe. They don't say a thing. People can think what they want, which is exactly what they want.

Australia. 3 years ago. They became best friends. As kids at his Aunt, her Grandma's, house they were very close. Even then there could have been signs of what would come, if you were watching. As they grew, they drifted. Until a pilgrimage to World Youth Day in Australia. With a Church group. Suddenly they were inseparable. Talking every night on the phone. They got to know each other. Inside out. 

He's 18, she’s 19. And if they were one person, they’d be 37. And transgender.

They’ve been writing songs for years. Separately. Having no idea of the other’s hidden passion. When it finally came to light, it seemed the only logical thing to do. Write a song. They fell in love with the fast beats and irresistible hooks of dance music. Paul Katsnelson was their first producer. He produced Double Team. Stopping at one song proved impossible, so when the opportunity presented itself to work with Doug McKay, they couldn’t resist.  Since then they have grown a lot as artists, writing countless songs, just waiting for a beat to bring them to life. In June, 2011, they performed their first live show. With JP Hoe. And have never looked back. They just finished working with rising producer Adrian Bradford on their song, To the Stars. It has been picked up by local radio station Hot 103. They are on the verge of blowing up. 

They are currently working with Maintain Studios. Together with them they are going To the Stars. 

They just need a spark to set the whole world on fire. Now you need to ask yourself, Do you need a Double Team?

They are Paige Flower and Zack Lovetime
And They will take it To the Stars