The Left Hand Path is a show dedicated to the underground in Sludge/Doom/Stoner Metal from the rust belt (midwest america) and around the world. You will also get the pleasure of hearing Black Metal and some Death Metal from time to time, and depending on the mood various other genres.Kicking ass and taking names from Columbus,Ohio The Left Hand Path is all about bringing to the listener a barrage upon the ears. Your host, DJ Baphom3t moved from a shithole town in Indiana to Columbus,Ohio. He has become a active member within the local music scene there helping to promote bands From that area. There will also be ocassional interviews with some of the bands from the Ohio area that are played on the show along with featuring whole albums for your listening pleasure. Be sure to tune in and prepare to have your earholes sonically raped.
Keep up with me on my page @
Be sure to like it !!


Come visit us @ http://www.coreofdestructionradio.com/
Meet the rest of the DJ's @ http://www.coreofdestructionradio.com/meet-our-crew.htm
We also have a chatroom/IRC channel you can use via the site @ http://www.coreofdestructionradio.com/chat.htm  or in your IRC client on Rizon servers or irc://irc.cccp-project.net  and join  #codradio

Tracklist for 6-3-2012 pt.1

1. Saturnalia Temple - Ancient Sorceries
2. Rebreather - Earthmover
3. Mammatus - Pierce the Darkness
4. White Orange - Dinosaur Bones
5. Aleph Null - Kill the Colossus
6. Witchden - Time To Burn
7. Slug Lord - Gastropoda
8. Oruga - Kissing the Void
9. Coffins - Carpet of Bones
10. Buioingola - La non permeabilità
11. ITheUnlord - Lotus Eaters: The Brotherhood of Intoxication
12. Cannabis Corpse - Chapel of Bowls
13. Fehler - Kingdoms

Tracklist for 6-3-2012 pt.2
14. NUMB - Psalm
15. Het Droste Effect - Knocking on the Sky
16. Causa Sui - Summer Sessions Part 2
17. Love Sex Machine - Deafening Peepshow
18. Apehanger - Ocular Penetration
19. Forever Wasted - Mouth Full Of Blood
20. Aldebaran - Beasts at the Throne
21. Chomp Chomp - Space Suit
22. Spider Kitten - Twin Obscenities
23. Hedorah - Cop Crusher
24. Keelhaul - Corrugated Blacklung
25. Beast in the Field - Deep In The Caves
26. Oration of Ruin - Astral Funeral Invocation
27. Lo-Pan - Seed
28. CALVAIIRE - Blut
29. Struck By Lightning - Plague Culture
30. Fuckpig - Mean World
31. Iskra - Thieves of Life