Features

    Multilanguage support, Lithuanian, Turkish, Slovak, Swedish, Armenian, English, German, Italian, Vietnamese, Japanese, Hungarian, Czech, Romanian, Serbian, Spanish, Finnish, French, Hebrew, Dutch, Portuguese (Brazilian & Portugal), Chinese (Simplified & Traditional), Indonesian, Russian, Polish and Danish is supported.
    Add multiple watermarks to each image.
    Save each images at multiple output folders, this way you can easyli generate thumbnails etc. in one run.
    Add text watermark that is either normal, embossed, chiseled or watermarked with a border.
    Automatically rotate the watermarked picture based on the orientation EXIF tag - this is written to the image by many modern cameras.
    Add the text used to watermark the image to the EXIF information in the resulting file.
    Keep or drop EXIF information in jpeg files (Camera model/lense model/etc. etc.)
    Output the watermarked photo to JPEG, TIFF, PNG, BMP, GIF file format.
    Specify the quality of the watermarking output when saving as jpeg images
    Angle the text you use for your photo watermarking
    Insert background watermark in digital images, pictures, photos
    Resize images while watermarking the image/photo
    Watermark your photos using either another image, photo or picture
    Watermark your photos using your own text in the color and style you want to.
    Maintain directory structure in destination directory or combine all batch watermarked images into one directory
    Skip or overwrite existing watermarked images/photos in destination directory
    Command line option to automatically load a profile and batch watermark all photos.
    Automatically check for new version of the TSR Watermark Image Software

You can even use this program instead of photoshop to watermark your images, this is a quicker and more easy way of getting a watermark on all your images. Also use the watermarked image in Word, Excel or images used in pdf files can be made with this watermarking software.

This image watermark software works with Windows XP, Windows server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows server 2008, Windows 7 - with .NET framework 2.0 or higher installed.