Crash Proof 2.0: How to Profit from the Economic Collapse (audiobook)
Peter D. Schiff with John Downes

    * UNABRIDGED
    * by Peter D. Schiff
    * Narrated by Sean Pratt (aka Lloyd James)

I had been looking for this for a long time and couldn't find it anywhere, so when I found it I figured I should share.

This is the full audiobook version split into 11 discs with nine to ten tracks each.  The tracks are about 7.5 minutes long.
Total run time is 11 hrs and 55 mins.

There is also a PDF & HTML version of the text as well (however they are actual document pages...they do not have page numbers and are not divided as they are in the print version of the book. If you can find one like that, let me know.)

If you like this book go toand purchase!

To have audio files work like as an audiobook on an iPod, the easiest thing to do is use iTunes 8 or later and just categorize them as "audiobook".  Instructions on the details of this can be found at the link below:  
http://www.ilounge.com/index.php/articles/comments/the-complete-guide-to-itunes-audiobooks-podcasts-itunes-u/


Publisher's summary
The economic and monetary disaster, which seasoned Wall Street prognosticator Peter Schiff warned of in the best-selling first edition of Crash Proof, is no longer hypothetical - it is here today. And while most people believe that the economic collapse is over, the reality is that it has only just begun. That's why he's returned with Crash Proof 2.0.

For more than a decade, Schiff has not only observed the U.S. economy, but also helped his clients restructure their portfolios to reflect his outlook. What he sees today is a nation facing a growing economic storm - brought on by bursting bubbles and growing federal, personal, and corporate debt - that will only continue to intensify as the U.S. government refuses to allow market forces to repair the damage.

Crash Proof 2.0 picks up right where the first edition - which clearly foresaw the bursting of the real-estate bubble, credit crunch, and the insolvency of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - left off and includes much more up-to-the-minute analysis and advice. This timely guide takes into account the dramatic economic shifts that are reshaping America and provides you with valuable insights that will allow you to protect yourself, as well as prosper, during the difficult times that lie ahead.

Throughout, Schiff explains the factors that will affect your future financial stability - from the bubble in bond prices and collapse of the dollar to surging long-term interest rates and run-away inflation - and offers a specific three-step plan to battle today's economic downturn and tomorrow's market mayhem. 


What the Critics Say
"Schiff was warning us about our fragile economic foundation long before the first cracks started to appear. There are plenty of market cheerleaders out there, but if you want advice from a market realist who has been proven right again and again, listen to this audiobook." (Glenn Beck)