
01 Stromness
02 Bay Of Skaill
03 Hi Life
04 Betty Corrigall
05 Warbeth
06 Rackwick
07 Old Man Of Hoy
08 Nethertons Teeth
09 Ward Hill
10 The Black Craig
11 Orphir
12 Yesnaby



Orkney: Symphony Of The Magnetic North is a new album featuring Erland Cooper, Hannah Peel and Simon Tong.
“When someone comes to you in a dream and tells you to make an album about your homeland – the Orkney islands – would you disregard it? Especially when that someone is Betty Corrigall, the Orcadian girl who in the 17702s killed herself having been cast out by her village after becoming pregnant by a visiting sailor?”
In January 2011, it’s the spark that led Orcadian singer-songwriter Erland Cooper to group together his Erland & The Carnival band mate Simon Tong and singer/orchestral arranger Hannah Peel (of last year’s solo The Broken Wave album) to form a new group, The Magnetic North, with a distinct purpose: the recording of ‘Orkney: Symphony Of The Magnetic North‘, a new album due for an early May release on Full Time Hobby.
Betty Corrigall was quite specific, handing Cooper a list of track names based on places in Orkney (beaches Rackwick and Warbeth, sea port Stromness, the rock formation Old man of Hoy etc) and even playing him some snippets from the finished album. “It seemed he had no choice but to follow orders and make the record,” says Tong.
The resulting project took Cooper, Peel and Tong from South London to the far, far north, the Orkney Islands themselves. Setting up a portable studio in the living room of Erland’s parents’ old house on the Stromness harbour front, they wrote and recorded songs overlooking the forbidding Atlantic Ocean. At the Hoy Kirk (church), they recorded with the Stromabank Pub Choir, which comprises almost half of the Isle Of Hoy’s population, and Cooper recorded vocals in ‘The Dwarfie Stane’, a huge neolithic rock on Hoy with a person-sized chamber hollowed out inside. “A crazy English spy/soldier called Guilemus Mounsey stayed a few nights there alone in the 19th century and went loopy,” says Cooper. “He carved his thoughts in Persian on the walls of the chamber.”
Immersing themselves in Orcadian folklore, poetry and geography, the trio were guided by a 1930s book titled Orkney: The Magnetic North, which seemed to lend itself perfectly to the album’s title.

cd ripped by X lossless decoder

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/2012/03/25/the-magnetic-north/