Emerson, Lake & Palmer - Emerson, Lake & Palmer - 1970

Island Records, ILPS-9132, Original UK Pressing

LP, Vinyl Rip, 24/96, FLAC (tracks+.cue)

Rip by PBTHAL VINYL RIPS

Side one

 01 - "The Barbarian" (Béla Bartók, arr. Emerson, Lake & Palmer) – 4:27
 02 - "Take a Pebble" (Lake) (arr. Emerson, Lake & Palmer, but not always credited) – 12:32
 03 - "Knife-Edge" (Leoš Janáček & J. S. Bach, arr. Emerson, lyrics by Lake & Fraser) – 5:04

 Side two

 04 - "The Three Fates" (Emerson) – 7:46
 a) - "Clotho" Royal Festival Hall Organ
 b) - "Lachesis" Piano Solo
 c) - "Atropos" Piano Trio (overdubbed pianos and percussion)
 05 - "Tank" (Emerson & Palmer) – 6:49
 06 - "Lucky Man" (Lake) – 4:36

 Drums, Percussion – Carl Palmer
 Keyboards – Keith Emerson
 Vocals, Bass, Guitar – Greg Lake 

 Companies etc

 Recorded At – Advision Studios
 Printed By – E.J. Day Group
 Manufactured By – E.J. Day Group

Credits

 Arranged By, Directed By – Emerson, Lake & Palmer
 Engineer – Eddie Offord*
 Painting [Cover Painting] – Nic Dartnell
 Producer – Greg Lake

Notes

 Initial release on a pink Island label, this changed soon after release to the Pink-Rim version
 Recorded at Advision.
 Produced by Greg Lake For E. G. Records

Barcode and Other Identifiers

 Matrix / Runout (A Side Etched): IPLS 9132 A-2
 Matrix / Runout (B Side Etched): IPLS 9132 B-1

Vinyl Ripping Process/Equipment

 VPI 16.5 RCM
 Turntable: VPI Scoutmaster
 Tonearm: Trans-Fi Termninator
 Cartridge: Audio-Technica AT33PTG/II loaded at 121 ohms
 Phono Stage: Musical Surroundings Phonomena
 Digital Interface: E-MU 1212
 Recording Software: Adobe Audition 3.01
 Recording Bitrate/Sample Rate: 192/24

Post Processing
 Run thru ClickRepair at level 10 with
 Pitch Protection | off
 Reverse | on
 Simple
 Resample to 96khz in Izotope Rx2 using the default preset
 Manually listen to album in Adobe Audition cleaning any clicks/anomalies
 Flac with Xrecode II

What Exactly Is An "Ultimate Master"

 It is more or less a catchphrase originally used to designate something was a hi-res rip. But since there seems to be a lot "similarly" <cough> named rips now I guess I should explain.

 I try to present the "ultimate mastering" of a particular LP, the "mastering" is not my equipment or process but the source material, it has always been about finding the best source. Now my opinion of the best source is subject to change as I experience more variations. Whether or not folks think my rip is "definitive" is irrelevant to me, I just try to find the best pressing and don't mind doing the extra clean up that comes with not just ripping new reissues or japanese issues. I understand the appeal of these pressings but I don't subscribe to the notion that they represent the best source 95% of the time.