Highly addictive, FREE trading card game (TCG) that lets you battle REAL players in countless quests and adventures.
#1 top grossing app on Google Play for 7 weeks straight￼...with over 6,000 5-star reviews!
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING
“...Rage of Bahamut is one surprisingly cool CCG. It keeps things interesting by changing up the expected formula quite a bit and features some incredibly clever ideas. I’d say it’s definitely worth a look.” (148apps.com)
★★★★★ “This is the most awesome game and it doesn’t get old.”
★★★★★ “Most addicting game ever. There’s always something to do or cards to be traded.” 
★★★★★ “I find myself checking my status on this game every 5 minutes or so! Love the battle system and the order system.”
★★★★★“This game is really addictive and fun. It has a nice fantasy feel.”
★★★★★“Really great game! There's a whole bunch of things to keep it entertaining like leveling up, trading, battle rankings, orders and other stuff!”
FEATURES
★Hundreds of stunning cards to collect with more cards constantly being added
★Fast & easy battles on the go with stunning and alluring manga characters
★Daily updates to continue to expand your card deck
★Live single and multiplayer strategy action from a seemingly endless database of battle hungry foes
★Quests and adventures to claim your place in Rage of Bahamut history
Dark is the day, gone is the wonder...
Find your path, conquer the world...
Alone or allied, make the world bow down... 
Smell the victory, taste the triumph...
Be Human – Be Godly – Be Evil – Choose an allegiance to strive for control of your world!
TIPS FROM OTHER USERS
★ “My best advice is join an order early and get to know your members. You get an order bonus in player battles and bonuses to your realm cards when your order builds it. Plus, you can participate in events and earn powerful event-only cards.”
★ “I found myself highly addicted to this fun TCG (Trading Card Game) app. As you level up, you spend points in your stats to either progress in the quest line more quickly, or to battle others more effectively. You can balance these stats if you choose, or specialize for various purposes.”