First things first, this torrent is missing issue sixteen. I've been debating uploading it since my first week as a seeder. I've given up on finding it outside of TPB (and I don't have it in my long boxes, either, even though I own most of the series, so scanning it is not an option, either). I'm hoping that by uploading this torrent, maybe somebody else will upload issue sixteen. If not, I did a quick re-read of the issues around that one and the story is still very readable without it.


Issues 0.5-22 of 'Ascension'

Top Cow Productions/Image Comics, 1997-2000

Written by David Finch, Batt, David Wohl and a seemingly endless stream of other people

Pencils by David Finch, Richard Bennett, Brian Ching, Clarence Lansang, Randall Green, Billy Tan and a seemingly endless stream of other people

Inks by Batt, Victor Llamas, Marlo Alquiza, Marco Galli, Jason Gorden, John Livesay, Danny K. Miki, Edwin Rosell, Jonathan Sibal, Joe B. Weems V, Marlo Alquiza, Aaron Sowd, Billy Tan, Marlo Alquiza and a seemingly endless stream of other people

Colors by Liquid!, Christian Lichtner, Aron Lusen, Steve Firchow, Richard Isanove, Jonathan D. Smith, Marcia Chen, Jeff de los Santos, Jose Guillen, Andy Kim, Haberlin Studios, Quantum Color FX, Matt Nelson, Tyson Wengler and a seemingly endless stream of other people


The basic premise of the comic book series was that the 1986 Chernobyl disaster opened a rift in reality that allowed two humanoid alien races with supernatural powers, the Mineans and Dayaks, to enter our world. The two races are at war, and it is hinted throughout the series that they have a close genetic relationship and close cultural ties with humanity, suggesting a mutual origin of some sort, though the series ended before the exact nature of that relationship could be made clear.

The two primary protagonists, Andromeda Weaver, an ambitious geneticist, and Lucien Barnes, a hardened mercenary soldier, are caught up in this conflict. Both are transformed by mystical pages of the Mineans and Dayaks: Andromeda becomes a blue-skinned empath, and Lucien grows wings and gains super-strength, enhanced speed, and the ability to teleport, becoming gargoyle-like. The protagonists befriend Petra, the heir to the Minean throne.