Bed of Pain~Rembetika 1930-55 (Canary/Tompkins Square) [VBR] {MKOP}

The deep, dark hybrid music born in the urban slums of Greece, rembetika is often referred to as ''the Greek blues,'' for its heroic, blunt truth-telling in the face of suffering. This collection of heavy songs from the style's ''golden era'' in the years surrounding WWII includes many of the ''heavy-hitters,'' great and revered singers and composers, but also includes many obscure artists, including several from the influential American diaspora. For fans of the style, if offers brilliant lesser-known pieces and for the uninitiated, it cuts to the heart of rembetikaΓÇÖs swagger, grief, and fierce beauty.

Greek Rembetika is subject to another cracking Mississippi compilation on the fantastically titled 'Bed Of Pain' LP. Extracted exclusively from vintage 78s previously unissued on LP, it's a beautifully dark and vividly evocative selection of lesser known yet instantly affective songs about love, crime, death, drugs and the vices of the early 20th century Greek diaspora. They were all sourced from the collections of Hellenians living in the U.S. who were part of the nation's displaced and emigrated population, and hark back to a time when the country was much maligned by imperial control, whether it be English, German, or Ottoman. These are the voices and bouzoukis of the underclass; a hash-stoned syncretic folk and pop music fusing a range of Asia-minor styles whose provenance is as murky as the mud and slums where they were born. While the label pay deference to Charles Howard's many more definitive collections - the 'Mortika - Recordings From A Greek Underworld' LP is particularly stunning - these songs are certainly still worthy of your attention. We may not be able to understand the lyrics but the heart-aching intonation of 'The Offenders' by Nikos Pourpourakis, Kostas Roukounas' sozzled lament 'Ouzo Ouzo', and Kostas Skarvelis' 'Pain Without Pity' all carry their impassioned messages clear and true. Recommended for what ails you.~Boomkat

01. Minor Key Songs from the Taverna-Stratos Pagioumtzis	
02. O Christos-Jim Apostolou	
03. I'm Coming Now to Kokkinia-Kostas Skarvelis	
04. The Offenders-Nikos Pourpourakis	
05. Bed of Pain-Rena Stamou	
06. Tell Me What Is Your Pain-Rita Abadzi	
07. Ouzo Ouzo-Kostas Roukounas	
08. To Kerogeraki-Gus Dussas	
09. Bir Allah-Stella Haskil	
10. Pain Without Pity-Kostas Skarvelis	
11. Let's Go to Voula-Stratos Pagioumtzis, Stellakis Perpindiades	
12. The Witch from Bagdhad-Prodromos Tsaousakis	
13. Neva Rast Manes-Kostas Roukounas

Music Keep On PLaying*Thank You Seeders