The Sims 3: Deluxe Edition with The Sims Store Objects (build 6.0)(RusEng)[Repack]R.G.Catalyst 

 
Released: 2009-2012
Genre: God Sim  Business  Pets
Developer: MAXIS  The Sims Division
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Version: 6.0
Publication Type: Repack
Language: Russian, English (language-independent installer)
Language voice: English
Crack: FLT

 
Operating system: Windows XP (SP2) / Microsoft Windows Vista (SP1) / Windows 7
Processor: Intel Pentium IV processor with a clock speed of 2.0 GHz (XP) / 2,4 GHz (Vista / 7)
RAM: 2 GB
Video: 3D-graphics adapter with 512 Mb, compatible with DirectX 9.0c
Sound Card: DirectX 9.0c compatible
Free space on hard drive: 21 GB + 4 GB in your "My Documents" to cache

CONTENTS

The Sims 3
The Sims 3: World Adventures
The Sims 3: High End Loft
The Sims 3: Ambitions
The Sims 3: Fast Lane 
The Sims 3: Late Night
The Sims 3: Outdoor Living
The Sims 3: Generations
The Sims 3: Town Life
The Sims 3: Pets
The Sims 3: Master Suite
The Sims 3: Showtime
The Sims 3: Katy Perry's Sweet Treats
The Sims 3: Diesel
The Sims 3: Supernatural
 

Features:

 • Do not recoded to a lower bitrate

 • Removed cache base cities (now the game is creating itself based gameplay)

 • Have all the official add-ons and catalogs of September 4, 2012

 • There is a complete pack of additional content from the official "Sims Store" as of September 2, 2012. Installation - optional.

 • Five exclusive additional cities Lunar Lakes, Hidden Springs, Riverview, Barnacle Bay and Sanli Tides

 • As a part of The Sims Store unlocked premium content for The Sims 3: Show Business (Katy Perry Edition + Origin pre-order) and bonus career for The Sims 3: Ambitions

 • Installation time ~ 20-25 minutes


F.A.Q.S:

1.The first and most important: the more the assembly includes additions, the more it becomes demanding on hardware.

2.Install The Sims Store - optional (see the third screen installer)
 
3.Before installing, remove any previously installed versions of the game, after making back-up the save in the folder "Documents  Electronic Arts  The Sims 3"
 - 
4.Additional content from the Store in the game is not labeled, ie Store items in front of it is not necessary any notation.
 - 
5.Starting with the 1.29 patch, the developers have introduced the possibility popkupki items from in-game Store. To the price tags in the game not zadalbyvali - change settings (Settings -> tab "General" -> uncheck "Enable Number")

6.The proposal to set up an account in SimPort - refuse.

7.Objects are used to draw graphics power, respectively the more powerful graphics card, the better.
Also suggested that the game should set the resolution is the same as the desktop resolution. Ie if the desktop resolution - 1920x1080 - put the same in the game.

8.And most importantly - to disable Active protection from antivirus - game performance will increase significantly.

9.If you decide not to install the Sims Store of the hand, and install the additions and fashion - it is recommended to install a utility Repacker, and not through the standard launcher.
Well as ensure that your add-ons and fashion does not conflict with each other or with the additions to the game.