Title: Fiesta
AKA: --
Year: 1995
Original title: Fiesta
Runtime: 1 hour, 44 minutes
Country: France
Language: French
Subtitles: English | Italian (.srt)
Genre: Drama

Director: Pierre Boutron

Cast
Jean-Louis Trintignant ... Colonel Masagual
Grégoire Colin ... Rafael
Marc Lavoine ... Casado
Laurent Terzieff ... Père Armendariz
Dayle Haddon ... Cecilia Harrington-Forbes
Jean-Philippe Écoffey ... Aizpiri
Marc Betton ... Sergent Fabra
Françoise Christophe ... La douairière
Jean-Louis Richard ... Commandant Romerales
Jean-Pierre Stewart ... Moya
Jean Davy ... Le père Maurel
Alain Doutey ... Le docteur
Jocelyn Quivrin ... Jean
Philippe Morier-Genoud ... Los Cobos
Dominique Guillo ... Le chauffeur espagnol

Plot / Synopsis

A young aristocratic military cadet gets a dose of reality that shakes his high ideals to the core when he is called to fight in the Spanish Civil War in this French anti-war drama. Rafael, is the boy. He comes from a prominent Spanish family of military heroes and has spent his teens studying in a prestigious French military academy run by Dominicans. By October, 1936, Rafael had become a lieutenant; his life forever changes when he is suddenly called back to France to fight against the Communists and defend Franco. He is assigned to report to Col. Masagual, an outwardly tough officer who is flamboyantly effete in his private life. Masagual orders Rafael to first serve on the firing squad to prepare him for the atrocities of the front. In this capacity, the innocent Rafael is forced to slaughter all manner of prisoners, including women and children. It takes a heavy toll upon him and while he and the others shoot the guilty, the colonel and his aristocratic guests, who have come to watch the festivities, gaily sip tea and chat. Soon Rafael has become a literal killing machine, with little emotion. His first experience with sex degenerates into brutal rape. Then Rafael is ordered to kill a renegade priest. Suddenly he remembers his ideals and double-crosses the cruel colonel. This leads to a moral sparring match between the priest and the colonel. The gist of their argument is to demonstrate the stupidity of war. ~ Sandra Brennan, Allrovi

Technical Specs
Source: Internet
Group/Ripper: Unknown / Thanks to the original ripper
Video Format: mp4/AVC
Video Bitrate: 1078 Kbps
Frame Rate: 25.000 fps
Aspect Ratio: 1.875:1
Resolution: 720 x 384
Bits/(Pixel*Frame): 0.131
Audio Format: AAC
Audio Bitrate: 201 Kbps
Sampling rate: 48000 Hz