Reliz kompanii Telmar Pictures. Visit to:
   
1) http://narnia.su

2) http://blog.narnia.su

3) http://mail.narnia.su

4) http://files.narnia.su
   
5)

6) http://forum.narnia.su

********

Audio: ENG, RUS, POR, TUR

Subtitry:  ENG, RUS, POR

Format: Anamorphic WideScreen 2.35:1

Strana: USA 

Rezhisser: Andrew Adamson 

Zhanr: fentezi, prikljuchenija, semejnyj 

Prodolzhitel'nost': 137 minut

God vypuska: 2006

V roljah: William Moseley, Anna Popplewell, Skandar Keynes, Georgie Henley, Jim Broadbent, Tilda Swinton, James McAvoy i drugije...

Opisanie: Chetvero detej - Peter, Susan, Edmund i Lucy, kotoryje byli evakuirovany iz Londona, kotoryj podvergalsya germanskim vozdushnym nalyotam, v derevnyu, okazakis v dome mudrogo professora Kerka. Deti popali cerez Platyanoj Shkaf v stranu, kotoraja nazyvalas Narnia, - eto izmenilo vsyu ih zizn. Detam predstoit oderzat pobedu nad Beloj Koldunjej, kotoraja na 100 let zamorozila Narniju, i stat korolyami i korolevami. Velikij Lev, Aslan, pomog im v etom.

When the Pevensie family are evacuated out to the country, they are unaware of the adventure they will encounter. During a game of hide and seek, the youngest daughter, Lucy (Henley) discovers a wardrobe which transports her to the land of Narnia. Covered in snow, Narnia is full of weird and wonderful creatures, but is watched over by the evil White Witch, Jadis (Swinton). When all four Pevensie children end up through the wardrobe, they discover that it was meant to be, as two daughters of Eve and two sons of Adam must join with the mighty lion, Aslan (Neeson) to defeat the evil White Witch.
 
Rejting: PG 

Bonus:

Funny doubles
Interesting facts about Narnia
Audio commentary creators and performers
Hidden bonus!
The story about the shooting
The story about the director
The story about the actors
Interview with costumers, the creators of scenery, the creators of computer graphics
The story of the movie characters
The story of the author of the book
The story of the lands of Narnia
Little about the history of Narnia		