MAGIX Independence Pro v3.1
R2R | 11.10.2012 | 585 MB



Independence is the ultimate sampler workstation for professional music production in the studio and for live productions - Independence Pro and Independence Basic also available now. Independence's Audio Engine has been redeveloped and improved, it now contains the Time-Stretching & Pitch-Shifting options. Using the innovative Multi Core support you can specify the number of kernels on your computer should be reserved for Independence. This ensures that Independence has the highest amount of CPU resources at its disposal, causing problems for other processes.


First-class sampling technology

Another milestone is the option to load VST effects, VST instruments and plug-ins from third parties into Independence, so that you have instant access to both your own VST effects and instruments and other sample libraries too. The "browser" page in Independence allows you to search and import any MIDI file in an instant. You can also search for all other types of Independence files such as projects, layer sets and layer sets and sections - with all kinds of attributes.


Flexible workflow

The Independence browser boasts "attribute" based batch processing making it as easy as possible to manage files. This allows you to edit and add attributes in one simple step. Independence's quick edit page with "Custom Remote Control" range contains 32 freely-assignable fader and buttons featuring an built-in "Learn" option. These can be assigned to Independence parameters as well as other programs Thus these parameters can easily be assigned as your favorite features and functions, so that the Independence workflow adapts to your needs in the most flexible way.


Creative and flexible solutions

The Independence Pro 3.0 Software Suite (included) provides access to hundreds of fully adjusted, and above all music-related software functions and unbeatable performance.

Regardless of whether you want to work in Mono, Stereo or Surround environment,Independence is ready for anything and offers creative, flexible and immediate solutions for any demands that a music producer, film composer, sound designer, songwriter or remixer may have. You can use the software as a VST plug-in (Mac and PC), as RTAS plug-in (Mac and PC), as AudioUnits plug-in(Mac) and as a powerful standalone version with 32 MIDI ports, up to 512 MIDI channels and up to 64 Mono and 64 Stereo audio outputs.



System requirements Windows

    Windows XP, Vista, 7 (32Bit & 64Bit)
    Pentium / Athlon XP 1.4 GHz, 512 MB Ram
    2,2 GB free hard drive space

(recommended: Pentium / Athlon XP 3.0 GHz, 1GB RAM)

Interfaces: VST  |  RTAS (32Bit)  |  Standalone




INSTALLATION:

 • You need a virtual drive to mount or burn the ISO file or use the extractor included


 •Burn or mount the image.

 •Install Independence Pro Software Suite.*

 •Install the crack.

*NOTE: See included txt file

             
           •  That's it! Done.