TropicalSim - Ronald Regan Washington National Airport v1.1.1


Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (IATA: DCA, ICAO: KDCA, FAA LID: DCA) is a public airport located 3 statute miles (4.8 km) south of downtown Washington, D.C., in Arlington County, Virginia. It is the commercial airport nearest to Washington, D.C. For many decades, it was called Washington National Airport, but this airport was renamed in 1998 to honor former U.S. President Ronald W. Reagan. The Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (MWAA) operates the airport.

With a few exceptions, flights into and out of DCA are not allowed to exceed 1,250 statute miles (2,010 km) great-circle nonstop, in an effort to control capacity and send the major air traffic volume to the larger but more distant Dulles International Airport. In 2010, the airport served about 18.1 million passengers. Reagan National is a focus city for US Airways, Reagan National's largest carrier. The US Airways Shuttle offers near-hourly air shuttle service to LaGuardia Airport in New York City and Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. Delta Air Lines' Delta Shuttle also offers near-hourly air shuttle service to LaGuardia.

Reagan National only provides U.S. immigration and customs facilities for corporate jet traffic; the only international flights allowed to land at DCA are those from airports with U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance, which includes the international airports in the Bahamas and Bermuda, as well as some major Canadian airports. For all other international passenger flights, those in the Washington Metropolitan Area can use Dulles International Airport west of the city and Baltimore-Washington International Airport northeast of the city.Source: Wikipedia

FEATURES

    Highly detailed Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport / KDCA
    Photoscenery surrounding the airport area with night lighting and autogen
    FS9 version compatible with default and add-on FS9 scenery
    FSX version compatible with default and add-on FSX scenery
    Compatible with add-on AI traffic
    Usage of FS9 SDK for the FS9 version for best performance
    Usage of FSX SDK for the FSX version for best performance
    Auto-installer
