Follow my uploads here:                       
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                        
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android v2.1+
Overview: Astrid is the much loved open source todo list / task manager designed to help you get stuff done. It features reminders, lists, sync, a widget, task sharing, optional instant notifications and much more! visit Astrid.com to learn more!

As millions of users have discovered, Astrid is more than just the perfect to-do list -- it's the personal assistant you've always wanted. Get your life organized and never miss a deadline with fun reminders, subtasks, lists, and widgets. Then access your tasks anywhere with automatic syncing across your phone, tablet, and Astrid.com.

We can also all use a little help to be extra productive -- use Astrid to collaborate on projects with your friends and loved ones. Divide up tasks for that trip you're trying to plan with your best friends… Astrid reminds them so you don't have to. And when your sweetheart picks up the dry cleaning, Astrid notifies you!

Ready to rock? Join the 2.7 million others who have already downloaded Astrid!


★ What others are saying ★

• "Our favorite productivity app on Android" —Gizmodo
• "Best of Android" -Lifehacker
• "The most popular to-do list for Android" -FoxNews.com
• "Best of Android" -Engadget
• "The best list maker and task manager there is for Android" -PCMag


★ Power Up ★

Power Pack: Want to add tasks using voice? Want widgets in more sizes? What about even more functionality to your widgets? Download the Astrid Power Pack to supercharge your productivity! Get it here:

Locale Add-on: Imagine getting a reminder to buy sugar when you walk by the grocery store. Then when you arrive at home, your phone tells you that you have to pick up that package that arrived earlier in the day. With Astrid Locale, you can have Astrid give you reminders based on where you are! Get it here:


★ Permissions ★
Internet Access: allows sync with Google Tasks or Astrid.com
Modify/delete SD card contents: For backup to sdcard
GPS/Location: Only used when you specify location for tasks through TaskRabbit
Phone State: Add to-dos when you miss a call
Crittercism: Provides in-app support so we can better help you. Find out more at: http://www.crittercism.com/

Astrid cannot be saved to your SD card because this will break the widget and reminders.

Old versions available at: 
http://weloveastrid.com/old

Recent changes:
4.2.3 (6/25/12)
- Fixes for Google Tasks and Astrid.com sync
- New layout for tablets in portrait mode
- Minor UI polish and bugfixes
Less description »

Latest version: 4.2.3 (for Android version 2.1 and higher)


                                By bobiras2009		
