Sexy Blond, Ass Fucked, Category 5 Suspension, Double Penetrated, Skull Fucked, Made to Squirt | Cherry Torn | Matt Williams

November 7, 2012

 
MP4 only.


Sexually Broken welcomes back the amazingly beautiful Cherry 
Torn. Cherry has one of the best bodies in Porn. Big natural 
tits, a perfect bubble butt, muscular legs and a deep throat 
for skull fucking.

Cherry runs the sexual gauntlet today. Bound in a traditional 
Japanese Box tie with her huge tits severely bound, Cherry 
finds herself completely helpless. Every girl gets nervous 
when they are tightly bound and a big cock is staring them 
right in the face. Even the best of cock suckers will 
eventually be overcome and helplessly driven into subspace 
with a brutal continued face fucking. 

Cherry stays on top it for a while but even she succumbs to 
the brutal deep throat fucking we deliver. That deep deep spit 
the body forms as lube to protect the throat from damage 
actually helps in the total sexual destruction. The more lube, 
the deeper down the throat it goes. Soon Cherry is fighting 
for air and survival, all the while her throat is happily 
getting fucked.

Dizzy, out of breath, trying to see straight, we bind Cherry 
into a tiny ball. With her feet bound to her neck, we roll her 
on to her back, prominently displaying her pussy and her ass. 
Cherry is humiliated by how helpless and vulnerable her holes 
are, she is all too aware that there is nothing she can do 
mentally or physically to stop the cock from fucking both her 
ass and pussy. 

We fuck both of cherry's tight holes, we fuck her to orgasms 
from her pussy and ass! She doesn't have the will to fight, 
she just cums and cums. Beaten, worn out, her body betrays her 
and she cums again. We finger blast her pussy and she screams 
for mercy, as she has a devastating squirting orgasm. But we 
are not done teaching Cherry how completely helpless she 
really is. We double penetrate her, with her ass full, and her 
pussy full, we vibrate Cherry to more orgasms then even she 
thought possible. With some form of liquid seeping out of 
every orifice Cherry has, we leave her in a brutal category 5 
suspension to suffer, until we feel the need to use her 
again...

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/11_07ctorn4/SexuallyBroken-Cherry-Torn-Matt-Williams-Sexy-Blond-Ass-Fucked-Category-5-Suspension-Double-Penetrated-Skull-Fucked-Made-to-Squirt.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  
