Tedeschi Trucks Band - Everybody's Talkin'

Track Listing [320k MP3]

Disc1

1. Everybody's Talkin'
2. Midnight In Harlem (Swamp Raga intro with Little Martha)
3. Learn How to Love
4. Bound For Glory
5. Rollin' and Tumblin'
6. Nobody's Free
7. Darlin Be Home Soon

Disc 2

1. That Did It
2. Uptight
3. Love Has Something Else To Say (with Kissing My Love)
4. Wade in the Water

Armed with a new Grammy Award for a debut album deemed "masterpiece" by Rolling Stone and praised by concert-goers around the world for brilliant musicianship and roof-raising performances, Tedeschi Trucks Band is catapulting to new heights of popularity as they release their first live album, Everybody's Talkin.

Critics have praised the outstanding live performances of Tedeschi Trucks Band. Led by one of the most dynamic husband-wife teams in popular music, singer-guitarist Susan Tedeschi and slide guitar virtuoso Derek Trucks, the 11-piece ensemble is the ultimate big band for lovers of rock and delta blues that also pays homage to the far-ranging influences of funk, gospel, jazz and world music.

Everybody s Talkin contains eleven tracks cherry-picked by the group to serve as a musical look-back on their first band-building year. Featured are versions of tunes from Revelator that are already crowd favorites "Bound For Glory", "Love Has Something Else To Say" some with added details, that takes them a notch higher than the studio originals. Other songs reveal the group's affection for a wide range of soulful forebears, including Stevie Wonder ("Uptight" ), Muddy Waters ("Rollin' And Tumblin'"), Bill Withers ("Kissin' My Love"), Joe Cocker ("Darlin' Be Home Soon"), Bobby Bland ("That Did It"), Harry Nilsson ("Everybody's Talkin'") and the Staple Singers ("Wade In The Water").

Together, the tracks flow one into the next with the collective spirit and lift of a typical TTB concert raising the roof with a Saturday night sense of abandon, and gently concluding with a Sunday morning spiritual.  