The New Bitch - LakeviewEnt.

Stars:   Mistress Lydia, Mistress Missy, Ricky Bobby   

Description:   Enjoy as Mistress Missy and Miss Lydia test out a new submissive for 24 minutes. It is his first time and they give him the humiliation treatment at the bottom of their shoes as he worships and gets some trample before being tied in the chair and having is leg humped and nipples whacked. Finally, they amuse themselves by making him jack off into Miss LydiaΓÇÖs worn pantyhose. Miss Lydia is joined by Mistress Missy and, together, they break a new bitch in ...More 
Description:   Enjoy as Mistress Missy and Miss Lydia test out a new submissive for 24 minutes. It is his first time and they give him the humiliation treatment at the bottom of their shoes as he worships and gets some trample before being tied in the chair and having is leg humped and nipples whacked. Finally, they amuse themselves by making him jack off into Miss LydiaΓÇÖs worn pantyhose. Miss Lydia is joined by Mistress Missy and, together, they break a new bitch in underfoot. Both blondes are clad in pantyhose and are having their shoes worshipped by slave rickybobby. Some humiliating verbal and slapping follow and then he is put to his back for punishment. But not before he has to kiss each of their asses and get a spanking from Mistress Missy. Miss Lydia delights in wrapping his face and stuffing his mouth with pantyhose. Trample action as Miss Lydia and Mistress Missy keep the new bitch on his back. Mistress MissyΓÇÖs perfect size 5 ┬╜ nylon covered feet stroke his big cock as Miss Lydia stands over him for foot domination and verbal humiliation. Mistress Missy produces a pair of pantyhose and helps him into the tight nylon. Next he is bound to a chair for punishment and teasing. He is tied to the chair helpless as Miss Lydia and Mistress Missy take turns punishing him. This makes Mistress Missy excited and She humps his leg to orgasm. Her partner takes a turn and they tease and stomp him after She orgasms. He is released and ordered to cum onto the cum board. Miss Lydia takes off Her pantyhose to give him a target and Mistress Missy puts out Her perfect foot for him to gaze at as he spews into the nylon.

Torrent includes 3 of 3 parts WMV 720p + cover and some screens.
 
http://theater.aebn.net/staticJsp/ShowBoxCovers.htm?f=http://pic.aebn.net/Stream/Movie/Boxcovers/a151171_xlf.jpg&b=http://pic.aebn.net/Stream/Movie/Boxcovers/a151171_xlb.jpg

Enjoy :) And if you like what we upload, please leave some nice comments for Merzedes and me :)