Product Suite v17.01r

Release Date : 2012-05-05
Nfo Date : 2012-05-05

Num. Disks : xx/27 OS : Windows
Nfo Time : 13:37 Rel Type : License
Cracker : Team Lz0 Archive : lz0*.rar
Packer : Team Lz0 Rating : Your choice
Supplier : Team Lz0 Language : -
Protection : FlexLM

Requirements : N/A
: Always use a firewall.
Publisher URL : http://www.synapticad.com/
Publisher : SynaptiCAD

(x) Keyfile / License (-) Emulator
(-) Patch (-) Serial
(-) Cracked .EXE / .DLL (-) Retail
(-) Keygen (-) Trainer
(-) Loader (-) Other

1999 - 2012

+ I N F O +

Want a powerful, yet easy to use simulation environment?
SynaptiCAD's simulation and debugging tools provide a standard
interface for controlling all of your simulation tools.
SynaptiCAD's timing diagram editors have the most extensive and
accurate timing analysis features available in any timing
diagram editor on the market including delay correlation,
reconvergent fan-out, and clocks that model jitter and buffer
delays. Three different levels of editing let you pick the best
price and feature set for your application. Free yourself from
the time-consuming process of manually writing Verilog, VHDL,
and SystemC testbenches. Generate them graphically from timing
diagrams.SynaptiCAD provides 3 levels of test bench generation
to meet all your design needs. SynaptiCAD offers support for
the latest test equipment and emulation technologies allowing
you to port your simulation and timing analysis data to your
prototyping environment.

+ N O T I C E ! +

Important information for site operators and other groups. By the
first of April 2012 we will change our packaging ways to RAR/SFV
and put the old ZIP/RAR/DIZ packaging to rest. It is long overdue,
and this ancient way of packing has no meaning in 2012. We
strongly encourage all other groups to do the same - and site
operators, all you need to do is to add the 0DAY path to the
SFV path of your setup, and your site will during the transition
period do fine with both packaging standards. It's time to
move forward.

+ I N S T A L L +

1) Unpack and install.
2) When prompted locate the included keyfile.
3) Enjoy this release!

NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that
the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall
to avoid any problems. Further, when running our
keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin
rights while in Vista/Win7 to ensure that it has
enough privileges.