The Avengers Complete Series (1961-1969) Season 1 to 7

This is the complete collection of every episode known to exist of 'The Avengers' which is a British BBC cult classic Spy-Fi TV series that was broadcast from 1961 to 1969.

This is a completely reworked re-upload of a collection which was originally 75GB in size and was in dire need of editing. The original upload had duplicate files of an entire season plus duplicates of some individual episodes making the download way larger than it needed to be. I removed all of the duplicate files to greatly reduce the size of this collection to only 59GB! Also, the original post had a butt-load of incorrectly named, numbered or dated files and folders, which I went through and renamed accordingly to the correct names, dates or numbers. In addition, I found one episode in season 4 which wouldn't play correctly and one episode which was missing in season 2. I converted the corrupt episode in season 4 to a playable format and deleted the corrupt one. I also inserted the missing episode of season 2 into this collection. Lastly, I created a new hash with several good trackers which are known to be recently working in order to make upload/download much faster. I will be seeding on and off as much as possible because I travel for work and my internet connection is intermittant. Just keep going and I promise you will get it all eventually. I need much help seeding this...

Only two complete episodes from the show's first series are known to exist, as 16mm film tele-recordings. These are "The Frighteners", an extract of which is playing on a television in the film Quadrophenia, and "Girl on the Trapeze", which was found in the UCLA Film and Television Archive via an internet search of their on-line database. Part of the show's pilot episode was found in the United States. The footage is of the episode's first 21 minute act, up to the first commercial break. Source: Wikipedia

Note: As of 2011, the only episodes known to still exist in their entirety from the debut first season are Girl on the Trapeze (which does not feature John Steed) and The Frighteners. The first 20 minute act of the premiere episode, Hot Snow, have also been rediscovered. Source: Wikipedia

Six series of The Avengers were made between 1961 and 1969. There was an enforced break in filming and transmission towards the end of series five due to financial problems. Television researcher Andrew Pixley and authors Paul Cornell, Martin Day and Keith Topping in their book The Avengers Dossier: The Unauthorised and Unofficial Guide consider the last eight episodes produced after the break as constituting a short series six, and therefore count seven series in total. However, within the internal production of The Avengers the last eight episodes were considered to be a continuation of series five. Source: Wikipedia
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Avengers_(TV_series)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0054518/
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Avengers_episodes

If you like this torrent then please check out my other cool torrents at one of these world-class torrent sites...
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/huggums537
(No registration required)

(No registration required)