101 Dog Tricks: Step by Step Activities to Engage, Challenge, and Bond with Your Dog
by Kyra Sundance and Chalcy
Quarry Books | April 2007 | ISBN-10: 1592533256 | ePUB/PDF | 34/15 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/101-Dog-Tricks-Activities-Challenge/dp/1592533256
PDF conversion is mine.

101 Dog Tricks is the largest trick book on the market and the only one presenting full-color photos of each trick and its training steps. The step-by-step approach, difficulty rating, and prerequisites, allow readers to start training immediately. Tips and trouble-shooting boxes cover common problems, while "build-on" ideas suggest more complicated tricks which build on each new skill. No special tools (such as clickers) or knowledge of specific training methods are required. Trick training is a great way to bond with your dog and help him integrate into your family. It keeps him mentally and physically challenged and helps to establish paths of communication between you. Many tricks build skills needed for common dog sports, dog dancing, and dog therapy work. It's every dog lover's privilege that Kyra and Chalcy took time from their performing schedule to share their secrets in 101 Dog Tricks.

About the Author
Kyra Sundance is a world-acclaimed stunt dog show performer, dog trainer, and internationally best-selling author. Her dog team performs live acrobatic shows on premier stages internationally; at circuses, professional sports halftime shows, and on movies and television shows such as The Tonight Show, Ellen, Entertainment Tonight, Worldwide Fido Awards, Animal Planet, Showdog Moms & Dads, and Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2. Kyra and her dogs starred in DisneyΓÇÖs Underdog stage show and in a command performance at the palace in Marrakech for the king of Morocco.
Kyra has written numerous popular dog-training books including the international best-selling 101 Dog Tricks, and hosts a line of award-winning dog-training DVDs. She also set-trains dog actors for movies and TV and lectures on positive dog-training methods.
Kyra is nationally ranked in competitive dog sports, having trained, competed, and titled in a great number of dog sports. Her methods foster confident, happy dogs who are motivated to do the right thing rather than ones fearful of making a mistake. She shows us how to develop joyful relationships with dogs who balance enthusiasm with self-control.