Get ready to pull the trigger on a completely new chapter in the award-winning Hitman series. Be the ultimate assassin in the Hitman Sniper Challenge by testing your reactions, focus and skill in a stand-alone hit available only for Hitman Absolution pre-purchases. Unlock weapons and upgrades that can be carried over into HITMAN: ABSOLUTION and compare your scores with other players around the globe using online leaderboards.

HITMAN: SNIPER CHALLENGE has been created as a standalone experience to reward fans who pre-purchase HITMAN: ABSOLUTION.

From a balcony overlooking a roof-top party, you are tasked with taking out Richard Strong, Jr., CEO of Stallion Armaments, along with his entire staff of bodyguards. Skilled players will capitalize on score multipliers, discover secret extras, unlock equipment upgrades, and marvel at the many creative ways to discretely dispose of a body while they work to fulfil their contract in the most efficient way possible.

Key Features:

The high-powered Kazo TRG sniper rifle and a host of other upgrades can be unlocked and carried over into HITMAN: ABSOLUTION.
Online leaderboards will allow players to compare their sniping abilities with players around the world, separated into global, national and friends lists.
Get a permanent score boost by completing 14 in-game challenges that come with a score modifier.
Earn the coveted Silent Assassin rating and double your score

Title: Hitman: Sniper Challenge
Genre: Action
Developer: IO Interactive
Publisher: SQUARE ENIX, Eidos Interactive
Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish , Polish , Russian

Hitman Sniper Challenge - FULL - MULTI7 - CRACK - 1.1 GB

Typical installation:
1. Install the game by running Setup.exe and follow the instructions
2. Copy the contents of the folder Crack in a folder with a game
3. Play.

NOTE 1: Start the game may take some time (about 1 minute before the launcher).
NOTE 2: The default is set to crack the English language. To change the language - edit SKIDROW.ini, inscribing the line "Language =" any of those present in the list of language.
Text language is changing the game in the game options menu.

Installing the client Steam (only for holders of a license key):
Attention! Before installing the client Steam, the game should already be registered on the account, and the client Steam - closed.

Automatic installation:
1. Run the file SteamInstallHelper.exe and follow the instructions.
2. play

Manual installation:
1. Run Setup.exe
2. Install the game in the Steam client on the way (* Folder with the client Steam *  steamapps  common  hitman sniper challenge)
Code:
ie way to install the game should look like this: C:  Program Files  Steam  steamapps  common  hitman sniper challenge
3. Copy the entire contents of the "Depot" in the root directory of the Steam client
4. Play.
