Squeeze - Tempted [promo].VOB


HQ rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Tempted" was the second single released from Squeeze's fourth album, East Side Story. Though it failed to crack the Top 40 in any country it was released (UK #41, Canada #45, US #49, Australia #90), over the years "Tempted" has become one of Squeeze's most well known songs, especially in North America, thanks to its use in various TV commercials and in modern video games such as Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. Unlike other Squeeze songs, which are usually sung by guitarist/songwriter Glenn Tilbrook or less offen guitarist/lyricist Chris Difford, the song's lead vocal is mainly by keyboardist Paul Carrack, though Tilbrook and producer Elvis Costello also trade a few lines in the second verse (in the video and during live performances Difford sings the Costello parts). Costello and Paul Young also sing backup vocals. The song was written by Squeeze members Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook.

Tilbrook considers this one of his favorite songs. He told Songfacts: ΓÇ£It was our first song. It was when we grew up, really, as a band. When we finished it I couldn't quite believe it was us.ΓÇ¥

Squeeze are a British band that came to prominence in the United Kingdom during the New Wave period of the late 1970s, and continued recording successfully in the 1980s and 1990s. They are known in the UK for their hit songs "Cool for Cats", "Up the Junction", "Tempted", "Labelled With Love", "Black Coffee In Bed", "Pulling Mussels (From the Shell)", and "Hourglass". Though not quite as commercially successful in the U.S., "Tempted", "Hourglass" and "853-5937" were all American chart hits for Squeeze, and the band have a dedicated following there and continue to attract new fans. All of Squeeze's hits were written by band members Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford.

The group formed in Deptford, London in 1975, and first broke up in 1982. Squeeze then reformed in 1985, and broke up again in 1999. The band reunited for tours through the United States and United Kingdom in 2007, and this touring version of Squeeze has continued into the present day

Difford and Tilbrook confirmed during interviews at the V Festival in both 2008 and 2011 that they plan to produce a record of new Squeeze material. However, as of yet, no newly-written Squeeze material has been released or played live in concert.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tempted_(Squeeze_song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/eanCpaaDc 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic:     
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 8000kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:03:30




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated Jan 30, 2012!


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*         
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 

SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	