horrorhound Presents:

The Greater Key Of Solomon volumes 1-2 and The Key of Pentacles 

The Key of Solomon is divided into two books. It describes not the appearance or work of any spirit but only the necessary drawings to prepare each "experiment" or, in more modern language, magical operations.
Unlike later grimoires such as the Pseudomonarchia Daemonum (16th century) or the Lemegeton (17th century ), the Key of Solomon does not mention the signature of the seventy-two spirits constrained by King Solomon in a bronze vessel. As in most medieval grimoires, all magical operations are ostensibly performed through the power of God, to whom all the invocations are addressed. Before any of these operations (termed "experiments") are performed, the operator must confess his sins and purge himself of evil, invoking the protection of God.
Elaborate preparations are necessary, and each of the numerous items used in the operator's "experiments" must be constructed of the appropriate materials obtained in the prescribed manner, at the appropriate astrological time, marked with a specific set of magical symbols, and blessed with its own specific words. All substances needed for the magic drawings and amulets are detailed, as well as the means to purify and prepare them. Many of the symbols incorporate the Transitus Fluvii occult alphabet.

Contents:

Book I
The Key of Solomon. Book I contains conjurations, invocations and curses to summon and constrain spirits of the dead and demons in order to force them to do the operator's will. It also describes how to find stolen items, become invisible, gain favour and love, and so on.

Book II
Book II describes various purifications which the operator (termed "exorcist") should undergo, how they should clothe themselves, how the magical implements used in their operations should be constructed, and what animal sacrifices should be made to the spirits.

Book III
Herein lies the pentacles and circles used in these rites and conjurations and summoning's.


Size=1.58MB
Covers included
Format=PDF

Please seed and enjoy Lesser Key being uploaded soon!