MuTools MuLab UL v4.3.10 MACOSX


MuLab is a top-quality sound and music production system for Mac OSX and Windows, transforming your computer into an inspiring modular studio.

MuLab is an easy, effective and rock-solid tool designed to create, record, and finalize Your Music!

 

MuLab 4 Highlights

    Creates, records, edits and plays multi-track audio & MIDI.
    Flexible tracks and sub-tracks support audio, MIDI and automation parts.
    Next generation modular architecture.
    Top-quality uncompromised sound engine.
    Automatic mono/stereo handling.
    Advanced integration between composer and sound engine.
    Automation parts let you easily automate any parameter in the modular tree structure, even the deepest nested ones.
    Effective support for slicing and recycling sampled drum loops.
    Streamlined and versatile mixing desk.
    Option for modular routing of all mixer signals resulting in ultimate flexibility.
    Integrated world-class synths, samplers and effects.
    New MuSynth workhorse synth/sampler.
    New hybrid MuDrum module.
    Deep modular editing lets you build your own synths and effects, including nice front panels.
    Includes hundreds of inspiring instruments and effect patches.
    Easy preset file management.
    Top-quality support for audio & MIDI VST plug-ins.
    ReWire Master.
    Multi-session support.
    Template sessions.
    Restyled and streamlined user-friendly interface and workflow.
    Multi-monitor support.
    Plays on Mac OSX and Windows.



more here ---> http://www.mutools.com/m4-info.html



System Requirements

    Windows NT, Windows 2K, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7
    Apple: OSX 10.4 or higher
    Powerful CPU
    Graphics resolution 1024 x 600 or better
    Good soundcard with good driver



INSTALLATION

  ΓÇó Unistall any previous versions

  ΓÇó You need stuffitexpander to extract the zip file.

  ΓÇó Install.



       ΓÇó  That's it! Done.


                     3Nj0Y!!!
