proudly presents

Afterfall: InSanity Extended Edition (c) Nicolas Games

07-08-2012........Release Date <-> Protection.............Nothing
Action...............Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

It is 2032 - 20 years after the end of World War III. To survive the
nuclear holocaust, humankind fled from the contaminated surface to find
safety in vast bunkers, cities created deep underground. Decaying
shelters and hideaways set the stage in mankind's struggle for survival
where they battle horrible mutants, bloodthirsty mercenaries and other
threats

In Afterfall: InSanity you won't only face the aftermath of the nuclear
fallout, but also the dark shadows of the past in the role of the
mysterious psychologist Albert. As Albert, the player will be part of a
team of medical scientists in charge of monitoring the fugitives'
mental stability. If Albert does not confront his greatest weaknesses
and deepest fears, he will not survive the claustrophobic depths of the
underground from which there is no escape and where the darkness hides
more secrets than simply the growing madness of its inhabitants. Defy
everything that's in your way to solve the horrible secrets that exists
in the dark

Features:

Detailed and extensive environments set in post-apocalyptic versions of
real-world locations

Expansive levels with giant cities, tunnels, bunkers and deep mines

An exciting and rich story with unexpected twists and turns in the dark
world of Afterfall

Extensive weapons arsenal with myriad types of opponents for thrilling
cinematic close and long-range combat

Dramatic soundtrack further enhancing the dark atmosphere sure to evoke
goose bumps and enhancing the tension

State-of-the-art effects thanks to the newest Unreal-Engine 3

Extended Edition includes:

More scary scenes, sounds and situations

Improved face expressions

New gameplay elements (lvl 4)

New savepoints and chapters

New light and special effects

Improved storytelling

New game introduction

All new cutscenes (camera, sound, animations, face FX)

Improved sound of characters and environment

Improved character animations

Optimization lightning and performance for Xbox360

New tutorial system

Newly balanced gameplay

Small technical improvements

New combat system

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision


System Requirements:

CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo 2Ghz, 
AMD Athlon 64 x2 2Ghz or better,
RAM: 2GB for Windows XP and 
3GB for Windows Vista or Windows 7, 
GRAPHICS: 256 MB, 
DirectX 9.0c i Shader 3.0 (GeForce 8600GT / ATI equivalent or better),
OS: Windows XP SP 3 / Windows Vista / Windows 7


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/AhcIl.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/C6Dkd.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/Ena7i.jpg


ENJOY!