Roccos POV Vol 9 XXX DVDRiP XviD - VBT

When gorgeous European sluts visit the offices of legendary director/performer Rocco Siffredi, they can expect a lot more than your average casting call. Rocco's suave but sexually intense style is famous, and when it comes to beautiful, young girls, he's not the type to let an opportunity pass! 'Rocco's POV 9' continues the Buttman Choice series in which the director's own camera captures the intimate, nasty action of these private meetings. Only this time, his girls are more experienced in the ways of hard-core pleasure! Instead of the usual rookie teens, the six scenes here include a mix of Rocco's favorite girls from over the past decade, along with a couple of sultry up-and-cummers who are happy to prove their devotion to his gigantic, iconic cock. Stunning, fashionable Jessica Lux shows up wearing glamorous, sheer-to-waist pantyhose and a smartly conservative ensemble, but ends up stark naked, sucking Rocco's huge dick and getting ruthlessly doggie-fucked on his leather couch. Lovely French blonde Jessie Volt swallows the director's massive shaft, then takes it up her soft butt, sucks cock ass-to-mouth and receives a faceful of gooey spunk. Busty brunette bombshell Zafira masturbates with toys; scrawny cutie Anne Marie climbs all over Rocco's meat; and super-slutty temptress Abbie Cat stops by for a raunchy session of vigorous fucking that leaves her splattered with jism. Horny Lou Charmelle brings dark-haired Valentine Chevalier for a sick anal three-way that includes gaping buttholes, dildos and rude face-fucking fun. The view from 'Rocco's POV 9' is breathtaking!

Starring: Jessica Lux, Jessie Volt, Abbie Cat, Lou Charmelle, Valentine Chevalier, Zafira, Ann Marie, Rocco Siffredi

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=b6wn06eu4wlrcmicephm.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=uk3vfpqbshsp691ozi2q.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=f8zo5qudfzxltuttcygd.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=ke35hcstd9gi9gyml0c7.jpg
