 http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51zCLD7zTbL.jpg

The Healing Powers of Honey

Kensington Books
Cal Orey 
2011 
English 
ISBN: 0758261594 
143 Pages pages
PDF,EPUB, MOBI 
2.61 MB




 Did you know?...

 Known as Mother Nature's "nectar of the gods," honey was praised for its healing powers as far back as 5,000 years ago by Egyptians.

 Eating honey can help lower the risk of heart disease, cancer , diabetes--even help reduce body fat and unwanted weight!--and increase longevity.


 Pure, raw, unprocessed honey is a healthier sweetener than table sugar and high fructose corn syrup. It's chock-full of antioxidants, minerals, and vitamins--and only has 21 calories per teaspoon.

 Super "bee foods" (including nutrient-rich bee pollen, propolis, and royal jelly) are used and touted for their healing powers by beekeepers and medical experts in the present-day.

 Honey can relieve a variety of ailments, including allergies, coughs, fatigue, pain, and stress, as well as boost libido.

 The honey bee pollinates about one-third of the food we consume (including nutritious fruits and nuts).

 Drawing on the latest honey buzz and interviews with medical doctors, beekeepers, and researchers, this charming and enlightening book (sweetened with stories about honey bees and humans) reveals 30 healing honey varieties paired with cinnamon and teas, tells you how to incorporate honey into Mediterranean-style, heart-healthy recipes like Honey Custard French Toast, Honey-Glazed Game Hen, and Filo Pear and Honey Tarts, and provides more than 50 home cures that combat digestive woes to skin woes. You'll also enjoy Cleopatra's milk-and-honey beauty treatments and eco-friendly beeswax household uses--all made with the amazing honey bee's gifts!

 "A fascinating read about a natural remedy that is a rich source of antioxidants." --Ray Sahelian, M.D., author of Mind Boosters

 "This eye-opening book provides you with a delicious truth of the traditional Mediterranean diet: Honey is a sumptuous route to optimal health." --Dr. Will Clower, Ph.D., author of The French Don't Diet Plan


