Run Rhythm Run: Rock Steady And Reggae Intrumentals From Treasure Isle (Heartbeat) [FLAC] {MKOP}

Vintage reggae reissues are notorious for a lack of concrete information in the liner notes, but this is even skimpier than most. All that's known is that these rocksteady instrumentals were produced by Duke Reid during the 1960s at Treasure Isle, and that the musicians included Tommy McCook & the Supersonics and the Duke Reid Group. That means that although this is a various-artists compilation, there are no actual "groups" credited with the individual tracks; it's almost as if they were "found" riddim tracks. A little mystique isn't always a bad thing, though. What's important is that this is very good instrumental rocksteady, with lots of neat organ licks, squeaky violin, throbbing beats, and the occasional gripping guitar line. The more soul-inspired cuts sound something like a Jamaica-fied Booker T. & the M.G.s. Despite the anonymity of the actual contributions, it's one of the better rocksteady compilations floating around, with decent sound considering the standards of the era.~Richie Unterberger (Allmusic)

This album should be a real treat for lovers of rock steady and early reggae instrumentals, as it collects largely hereto unreleased material from the vaults of Duke Reid's Treasure Isle studio.  Some tracks will likely sound familiar -- like "Sure Shot" (from the Techniques' "Love Is Not a Gamble") and "Sunday Walking" (from Alton Ellis' "Remember That Sunday") -- but even the ones you don't necessarily recognize -- like the '70s funk vibe of "Psychedelic Reggae" or the melancholy "Sweet Lorna" -- are splendid examples of yesteryear and are a testament to the fine musicianship coming out of Jamaica, here headed by Tommy McCook and the Supersonics.~Reggae Reviews

01. Uncle Sam
02. Caught You
03. Sure Shot
04. Sweet Lorna
05. Bawling People
06. Bang Belly
07. Loving Serenade
08. Psychedelic Reggae
09. Nightful
10. Rockin' Soul
11. Stolen Stolen
12. Macca Bacca
13. Found Out
14. Billy Joe
15. Our Man Flint
16. Sunday Walking
17. Work Your Soul
18. Moody

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders!