
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 83 - Vaccines A License to Kill






POtHS Comment: Shot in The Arm or A Bullet to The Head - One is less painful than the other. But they Both Kill ypou.
Description:

Ed Haslam author of Dr Marys Monkey - Polio Vaccine Linked to Cancer Deaths:
Edward T. Haslam, a former advertising music director and author of Dr. Mary's Monkey, a book that covers the 1964 murder of a nationally known cancer researcher and uncovers medical professionals enmeshed in covert government operations over the course of three decades. Mr. Haslam's book is available at the Infowars Store. Additional guests include former newspaper journalist and New York Times best-selling author Jim Marrs, author of The Trillion-Dollar Conspiracy: How the New World Order, Man-Made Diseases, and Zombie Banks Are Destroying America. 
http://doctormarysmonkey.com/index.htm 
http://www.jimmarrs.com/ 
http://www.prisonplanet.tv/

Dr. Mary's Monkey by Edward T. Haslam examines how the unsolved murder of a doctor, a secret laboratory in New Orleans and cancer-causing monkey viruses are linked to Lee Harvey Oswald, the JFK assassination and the emerging global epidemics. Includes a foreword by Jim Marrs.

The 1964 murder of a nationally known cancer researcher sets the stage for this gripping exposé of medical professionals enmeshed in covert government operations over the course of three decades. Following a trail of police records, FBI files, cancer statistics, and medical journals, this revealing book presents evidence of a web of medical secret-keeping that began with the handling of evidence in the JFK assassination.

Did inoculating millions of children with polio vaccines contaminated by monkey viruses trigger an epidemic of cancers?
Was a desperate effort to develop an anti-cancer vaccine diverted secretly into biological weapons?
Is there a link between these covert experiments and AIDS?
And do the answers to these vexing questions connect to the JFK assassination?

Perfect Pandemic forced vaccinations population reduction 2008:
Since 1998, The IO has been reporting developments as the U.S. government, led by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (more accurately described as the Centers for Disease Creation and Propagation) (CDC), has been preparing for an "inevitable" influenza pandemic.

As a logical consequence of imaginary Arabs hijacking two chimerical airplanes to cause the Twin Towers and WTC 7 to collapse and two more allegedly hijacked airplanes to disappear into the Pentagon and a field near Shanksville, PA, the nation must also prepare to prevent a biological attack by more imaginary Arab bioterrorists.

In 2002, billions of state and federal dollars began pouring into pandemic 