Proxifier

The most advanced proxy client

Proxifier allows network applications that do not support working through proxy servers to operate through a SOCKS or HTTPS proxy and chains.
Work with any Internet client through a proxy.
Improve network performance or ensure privacy.
Flexible rule system.
Easy yet powerful UI with live data.
Up to date with new technologies.

Network

Proxifier can process all outgoing TCP connections.
Full IPv6 support.
Tunnel IPv4 connections through IPv6 proxy and vice versa.

Proxy Servers

SOCKS 4 and SOCKS 4A (hostnames support) with User ID authentication.
SOCKS 5 with Username/Password authentication.
HTTPS with Basic and NTLM authentication (explicit and transparent modes).
HTTP with Basic authentication (HTTP connections only).
Tested with all major proxy server implementations including Microsoft ISA, Blue Coat, WinGate, Dante, Squid, Apache and others.
Failover (redundancy list) allows assigning any number of back up proxies. Timeout is configurable.
Proxy failure is transparent for the client application if redundancy is enabled.
Each proxy can be assigned a short name (label) that can be conveniently used in other parts of Proxifier.

Proxy Chains

Arbitrary length.
Different proxy protocols can be used within one chain.
Selected proxies in the chain can be enabled/disabled.
Convenient UI that allows chain creation and reordering with drag-and-drop.
New proxy chain type: load balancing.

Client Applications

32- and 64-bit applications support.
Windows Services and applications run by other users (configurable).
Proxification is absolutely transparent for the applications.
Best possible compatibility with 3d party software. Automatic conflict-resolution logic.

DNS

System DNS and DNS over proxy modes.
Hybrid mode.
Automatic DNS mode detection.
DNS over Proxy is supported for all proxy protocols.
DNS exclusion list with wildcards (e.g. *.example.net).

Flexible Configuration

Proxification rules can be based on application names, IP addresses, hostnames and port numbers.
Each rule can be assigned to proxy, chain, block or direct connection.
Rules are processed from top to bottom and can be reordered.
Wildcards and masks are supported for applications, IP addresses and hostnames (e.g. *app.exe; 192.168.*.*; *.example.net).
Ranges are supported for IP addresses and port numbers (e.g. 10.1.1.1–10.1.1.255; 80–1234).
On-the-fly syntax check with highlighting.
Individual rules can be enabled/disabled.
Proxifier context menu (right-click on arbitrary .exe file) allows dynamic choosing of a proxy for the selected application within a session.

Configuration Deployment and Management
Configuration is stored in profile files (*.ppx).
Human readable XML format.
Unlimited length.
Fast profile switching from a list.
Profiles can be managed as files. Import and export is supported.
Silent profile load with “Proxifier.exe profile-name.ppx silent-load” command.
Profiles proxy passwords encryption with current user login credentials or master password.
Basic and AES 256-bit encryptions are supported.
System-wide profile that is forcibly used for all users.
User can enter login details interactively if login/password is blank in the profile.
Proxifier re-asks login/password again if authentication on proxy fails.
Automatic profile update from a remote Web server. User’s proxy login details get preserved.
An option to force profile passwords encryption via system registry.
Fully compatible Proxifier profiles of Windows and Mac versions.

User Interface and Interaction

Live information about connections including application name, target host, time/status, rule/proxy, received/sent bytes and more.
Live traffic (bandwidth) graph.
Live global statistics.
Live output with 3 levels of verbosity.
Color indication.
System tray icon with traffic view.
Adjustable UI that is persistent during restart (windows sizes, panes layout, etc).

Supported OS:

Windows Family 2000, XP, Vista (32- and 64-bit), 7 (32- and 64-bit), Windows 8

Homepage: http://www.proxifier.com/features.htm

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.