The Sims 3 Supernatural – FULL – UNLOCKED


Live a supernatural life in a new world full of magic, mystery, and mischief with The Sims 3 Supernatural!

Enter the mysterious town of Moonlight Falls where strange things happen by the light of the moon. Create supernatural beings from menacing werewolves and cackling witches, to mischievous fairies and more intriguing vampires. Then stalk the night, use your wand to cast spells, claw the furniture and more. You can mix dozens of elixirs that can turn Sims into zombies or transform them into gold. Share your enchanted brews with any friends who have The Sims 3! Spooky surprises are in store for you in the world of The Sims 3 Supernatural!



Features:

Play as supernatural Sims: Create witches, wizards, werewolves, more intriguing vampires, and fairies, each with their own magical abilities, traits, and interactions.

Explore the town of Moonlight Falls: Discover what mysteries and abilities are revealed by the light of the full moon. Will your Sims freak out or become more powerful?

Hone your magical crafts and share the enchantment: Learn to cast spells and find rare ingredients to brew elixirs, so you can charm or hex your Sims’ lives. Send your magical elixirs to any of your friends’ games who have The Sims 3. Your Sims can hone their psychic abilities and build a career as mystic fortune teller.

Discover supernatural items: Race around the arena on your broomstick, visit the gypsy caravan, or preen in front of your magic mirror. Even awaken the classic character of Bonehilda, the quirky skeletal maid. With tons of new enchanted objects, what will happen next?

Deck out your home in gothic style: Add a secret lair with the sliding bookcase door and fill your home with creepy new furniture.

Zombification: Mix a special elixir to create shuffling, brain-hungry monsters of your very own. Chomp on other Sims to spread the love and wreak havoc. Don’t fret, you can always concoct an elixir to change your Sims back.


System requirements: Pentium 4 2.4 GHz, 1.5 GB RAM, graphic card 256 MB (GeForce 6800 or better), 6.1 GB HDD, Windows XP SP2/Vista SP1/Windows 7


Installation Notes:

Unzip
Install
Wait for Crack
