Folder Lock 7

The Complete Data Protection Solution for your PC and Portable Drives...

Encrypt Files

Encrypt your personal files using 256-bit on-the-fly military grade encryption technology. You create Encrypted storages to keep your important files encrypted. These storage 'Lockers' are dynamic, smaller in size when created and grow as your need increases. All the data remains encrypted even when you are accessing your files. Decryption process takes place in memory leaving no traces or recoverability of the file on your system.

Protect USB/CD

You can convert your encrypted storage 'Lockers' into encrypted executable files. Since these files contain your encrypted data and do not require you to install Folder Lock on the other computer, you can access your files with a correct password on any computer whether its a non-admin or admin Windows machine. You can protect your USB drives, external drives, CDs, DVDs and even Email Attachments.

Secure Backup

Backup all your private data you keep in your Lockers without manually managing your backups. Everything is automatic and real-time while every single change or modification to your files in your 'Lockers' is synched. Folder Lock is the only solution that offers this patent pending technology providing end-to-end data encryption and backup simultaneously. Protection and transmission of files is encrypted on state-of-the-art physically secured storage servers.

Lock Files

Protect your data from unwanted access and visibility by blocking access to the files, folders, drives, and programs you choose. The Windows kernel level locking and filter driver makes it possible even to lock these items in Windows Safe Mode. Its friendly user-interface does as well allow single-click data protection straight from the Context Menu.

Make Wallets

Folder Lock offers your sensitive information and data a safe haven with the Make Wallets feature. Protect your identity and all confidential information like Credit Cards and Bank accounts, by keeping them in government-level (FIPS) 256-bit AES encrypted Wallets. Make Wallets further allows you to personalize your digital Wallets with custom icons, card backgrounds, and card templates.

Supported OS:

Windows 8 / 7 / Vista / XP (32/64-bit)

Homepage: http://www.newsoftwares.net/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.