                                 By bobiras2009		


If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


An epic driving adventure from the makers of Riptide GP and Shine Runner.
Drive your hot-rod beach buggy as far as you can into the uncharted depths of a mysterious tropical island!

Swerve and smash through a gorgeously detailed and completely destructible world packed with Tiki statues, grass shacks, giant crabs and lava monsters. Explore sun-swept beaches, secret caves, fog-shrouded swamps, ruined temples and erupting volcanoes in this action-packed quest of discovery and mayhem!

Build a performance-boosting collection of upgrades and powerups! Unlock new vehicles like the Lightning muscle car and Rock Stomper monster truck. Upgrade your cars and customize their paint jobs. Collect wacky new characters. Unlock and upgrade amazing powerups like the fire-spitting Boost, the coin-tastic Coin Bubble, and a Shield that turns you into a unstoppable smash-everything force of destruction!


GAME FEATURES:

ΓÇ£Infinite DriveΓÇ¥ Environment
Drive for miles and miles in a detailed procedural world that never plays the same way twice.

Tons of Unlockable Content
Unlock new cars and characters, upgrade cars, and improve your game with performance-boosting powerups and gadgets.

Intuitive controls
Easy to pick up and play ΓÇô challenging to master. Supports tilt, touch-screen, and most gamepads.

Incredible physics
Detailed off-road powersliding physics with fully modeled, animated suspensions. From monster trucks to sports cars, every vehicle feels unique.

Online Features
Save your game to the cloud, earn achievement points and compare your high scores with your friends.

Optimized for Tegra
Tegra 3 features include motion blur and lens splash effects, dynamic headlights in caves, real-time rendered car shadows and special physics-heavy game setups designed specifically for Tegra.

Required Android O/S : 2.3+

                                 By bobiras2009		