English | CBR | 5 Issues

X-Men: Emperor Vulcan #1-5
Publisher:  Marvel
Publication Date:  September 12, 2007 - January 30, 2008

Writer:  Christopher Yost
Penciler:  Paco Diaz Luque
Inker:  Vicente Cifuentes
Colorist:  Brian Reber (#1-3), Raul Trevino (#3), and Chris Sotomayor (#4-5)
Letterer:  Joe Caramagna

X-Men: Emperor Vulcan #1
It's brother versus brother and the outcome could decide the fate of billions. UNCANNY X-MEN'S "Rise and Fall of the Shi'Ar Empire" continues here! Vulcan is the Shi'Ar Emperor and Havok is leading the rebellious Starjammers. But who is really right and who is really wrong?

X-Men: Emperor Vulcan #2
As the war between brothers continues, a vast new power just entered Shi'Ar space... but what have they come for? For Havok and Vulcan, the answer to that question changes everything and the fate of the Shi'Ar Empire rests on one man's shoulders.

X-Men: Emperor Vulcan #3
Havok and the Starjammers' world is turned upside down as they're forced to help Vulcan in his war against the enemies of the Shi'ar Empire. What horrifying secret of the Scy'ar Tal would make Havok join forces with his brother? And the question isn't IF Vulcan will betray the X-Men... it's WHEN. 

X-Men: Emperor Vulcan #4
It's super-powered space warfare as Polaris leads the Starjammers and the Imperial Guard into battle, while Havok and Vulcan face off against a villain who is way out of their league. And will Marvel Girl's personal vendetta against the Shi'Ar cause her to do the unthinkable? It's the penultimate chapter as the situation goes from "horrible" to "end of all that is".

X-Men: Emperor Vulcan #5
The star-shattering conclusion! Everything has been building to this...Polaris versus the Imperial Guard. Marvel Girl versus Gladiator. And finally, brother versus brother. Havok makes his final stand against Vulcan, whose power dwarfs his own. Who will control the M'Kraan Crystal? Will the Shi'Ar Empire break apart, or unite? What is the fate of the Scy'ar Tal? And will any of the X-Men survive to tell the tale? The answers will surprise you.

Thanks goes to TheSaint and Megan for this release.