Tai Chi Zero aka Tai Chi 0 - Qi Shu 2012

NL ENG FR subs (.mka)
(vertaalprogramma)
(programme de traduction)

1280 x 352 **** /x.264/ac3/ 5.9/10 / 2 nominations / 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1981080/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/86650

Qi Shu
Daniel Wu
Tony Leung Ka Fai

China
Actie

100 minuten

geregisseerd door Stephen Fung
met Qi Shu, Daniel Wu en Tony Leung Ka Fai

Yang Luchan is het beu om alsmaar gepest te worden en vertrekt naar Chen Village om de kunst van de vechtsport Tai Chi te leren. Op een pijnlijke manier komt Luchan er achter dat het voor de dorpelingen verboden is om een buitenstaander Tai Chi te leren. Hij wordt herhaaldelijk, door zowel sterke mannen, oude vrouwen als kinderen uitgedaagd en verliest alle gevechten. Maar wanneer een angstaanjagend leger van soldaten met vreemde machines verschijnt, realiseren ze zich dat ze de vreemdeling de krachten en kennis van Tai Chi moeten toevertrouwen om hun dorp te redden.

Tai Chi Zero aka Tai Chi 0 - Qi Shu 2012

Young genius Yang Luchan travels to Chen Village to learn the forbidden secrets of martial arts, but quickly learns that the village is menaced by a formidable battalion of Steampunk soldiers. The villagers realize that in order to save their home, they must trust this strange outsider with their knowledge of Tai Chi.

---------------------------------------------------

Totally blown away, - 9 September 2012

Saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival. Actually I didn't really known what to expect when coming to this film. My friend was the one who invited me and didn't tell me much.

I have to say I was rather surprised by this movie, even though I went into the movie expecting to have a good time -- I had an AWESOME time.

Industrial revolution in China, mixed with kung fu and comic book elements, what more can you ask for!? One part of the story reminded me a lot of Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, others of Kung Fu Hustle with hints of Wild Wild West - good movies (well, the first two ) in my opinion that actually blend together really well! Comic book style, great art direction, funny, clever pop culture references, fast-paced (subtitles were a blur), and just overall fantastic.

I am already really excited for the second and third movies in this series. Can't wait till those arrive in Canada!

---------------------------------------------------------

French

Yang, un adepte du Tai Chi, devient le seul recours pour des villageois qui veulent empêcher que leur bourgade soit traversée par une ligne de chemin de fer...