LineZer0!

cpN cRo

presents

A Walk In The Dark v1.0

Release Date: 2012-12-18
Nfo Date: 2012-12-18
Num. Disks: xx/26 OS: Windows
Nfo Time: 13:37 Rel Type: Retail
Cracker: Team Lz0 Archive: lz0*.rar
Packer: Team Lz0 Rating: Your choice
Supplier: Team Lz0 Language: English
Protection: N/A
Requirements: N/A: Always use a firewall
Publisher URL: http://www.a-walk-in-the-dark.com/
Publisher: (- ) Keyfile / License (- ) Emulator
(- ) Patch (- ) Serial
(- ) Cracked .EXE / .DLL (- ) Retail
(- ) Keygen (- ) Trainer
(- ) Loader (x ) Other

1999 - 2012

I N F O

Arielle and her cat, Bast, are spending a pleasant afternoon in
the forest

Bast, free from the usual four walls of their home, cant stay
in one place. He runs around, playing with everything that
moves. In his haste to enjoy everything, he ends up getting
away from Arielle

He hears her calling for him, but the forest is such an
interesting place. There are so many things, so much space
Some little creatures challenge him. Bast pursues them. It
feels great to run in the forest
He is about to catch one of them. He jumps to grab it but
misses. He falls on top of some old stones
Something breaks under him. A cold breeze ruffles the trees
chilling him to the bones. A smoke rises forming a shadow
Someone, something, hovers above him. Some ancient
foul-smelling thing that nails him to the ground. Bast is
unable to move

Nearby, Arielle calls for him. The thing, the Spirit, turns
around. As Arielle comes closer, the Spirit flies in her
direction and envelops her. Bast hears the muffled screams of
Arielle. They grow fainter as the spirit disappears in the
forest

Bast is alone. The sounds of the night emphasize that feeling
Arielle is gone and its his own fault. He realizes that the
once pleasant forest has become a strange and dark place. He
starts running hoping to help her

He fears it might be too late

I N S T A L L

1) Unpack and install
2) Enjoy this release!

NOTE: For obvious reasons you should always make sure that
the title is restricted access to internet by a firewall
to avoid any problems. Further, when running our
keygens/patches you might need to run it with admin
rights while in Vista/Win7 to ensure that it has
enough privileges
