All Praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, the [one Who] sustains the Heavens and Earths, Director of all that is created, who sent the Messengers (may the peace and blessing of Allah be upon all of them) to rational beings, to guide them and explain the religious laws to them with clear proofs and undeniable arguments. I praise Him for all His bounties. I ask Him to increase His Grace and Generosity. I bear witness that there is none worthy of worship except Allah alone, who has no partner, the One, Who Subdues, the Generous, the Forgiving. I bear witness that our leader Muhammad is His servant and Messenger, His beloved and dear one, the best of all creation. He was honoured with the Glorious Quran that has been an enduring miracle throughout the years.
He was also sent with his guiding Sunnah that shows the way for those who seek guidence. Our leader Muhammad has been particularized with the characteristic of eloquent and pithy speech, and simplicity and ease in the religion. May the peace and blessing of Allah be upon him, the other Prophets and Messengers, all if their families and the rest of the righteous.


Address: Stories of the Prophets
Language: English
Format: PDF
Pages:  228
Formation : Imam Ibn Kathir
Reviewing : Muhammad AbdulRaoof

Short Description: In this book, the stories of the prophets have been compiled from Al-Bidayah wan-Nihayah (The Beginning and the End) which is a great work of the famous Muslim exegete and historian Ibn Kathir and has a prominent place in the Islamic literature. The stories of the prophets and all the events in their lives have been supported by the Quranic Verses and the Sunnah (traditions) of the Prophet (S). Wherever it was necessary, other sources have also been reported for the sake of historical accounts, but on such places a comparative study has been made to prove the authenticity of the sources. Ibn Kathir has reproduced the views and interpretations of all the great exegetes of the Quran of his time. The systemic narratives of the Stories of the Prophets have been written in chronological order which.