Protect your privacy
As soon as you’re connected to the Internet, applications can potentially send whatever information they want to wherever they want. 
Sometimes they do this for a good reason, on your explicit request. But often they don’t. Little Snitch allows you to intercept these unwanted connection attempts, and lets you decide how to proceed. 

Network Monitoring Redefined
Take a look under the hood to see at a glance who talks to whom. The Little Snitch Network Monitor, which has been redesigned from ground up, raises the bar of network traffic monitoring to a new level. 
With beautiful animations and informative diagrams it provides fine grained real time traffic information, powerful yet simple options for analyzing bandwidth, traffic totals, connectivity status and more.

Silent Mode – Decide Later
There are times where you don’t want to get interrupted by any network related notifications. With Silent Mode you can quickly choose to silence all connection warnings for a while. You can then later review the Silent Mode Log to define permanent rules for connection attempts that occurred during that time. 

Profiles
With Little Snitch 3, rules can optionally be arranged in separate profiles like “Home”, “Office” or “Internet Cafe”. Rules that are assigned to a particular profile are only effective if that profile is active. The active profile can be chosen conveniently from the status menu. 
This allows you to quickly switch between different sets of rules depending if you are at home, at the office or connected to a public network. 

Firewall for incoming connections 
Little Snitch was always great at showing when data was sent out from your computer. It reveals any outgoing network connection attempt to make sure that sensible data doesn’t leave your computer without your consent. 
With the new inbound firewall in Little Snitch 3 you now get the same level of control for incoming connections as well. 

Simplified Connection Alert
Afraid of technical terms like “TCP connection” or “http port”? No problem. The new Detail Level preference option allows non-expert users to get just the right amount of information to make their decisions. And it only takes a single click at the Show Details button to reveal the full information and all available options.

And so much more…

Compatibility
Mac OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
Mac OS X 10.7 Lion
Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard