DEXTERS LAB [COMPLETE]
SEED AND COMMENT
IF YOU HAVE A REQUEST LET ME KNOW AND ILL TRY!!



Dexter's Laboratory (commonly abbreviated as Dexter's Lab) is an American comic science fiction animated television series created by Genndy Tartakovsky for Cartoon Network. The series follows a boy-genius named Dexter who has a secret laboratory filled with an endless collection of his inventions. He constantly battles his annoying sister Dee Dee, who always gains access to his lab despite his efforts to keep her out, as well as his arch-rival and neighbor, Mandark. The series' first two seasons contain additional segments: Dial M for Monkey, which focuses on Dexter's pet lab monkey-turned-superhero, and The Justice Friends, about a trio of heroes who share an apartment.

Tartakovsky first pitched the series to Hanna-Barbera's animated shorts showcase World Premiere Toons, basing it on student films he produced at CalArts. Three shorts were created and broadcast on Cartoon Network in 1995 and 1996 until viewer approval ratings convinced the network to order a 13-episode first season, which premiered on April 27, 1996. By 1999, 52 episodes and a television movie were produced, and Tartakovsky left the project to begin work on Samurai Jack and Star Wars: Clone Wars. In 2001 the network revived the series under a different production team at Cartoon Network Studios, and after 26 more episodes, the series finally ended on November 20, 2003.

Dexter's Laboratory became Cartoon Network's most popular and successful original series, and it led to a change in direction for the station centering on more original animated programming. The show achieved high ratings and had a positive reception. During its run, the series was nominated for four Emmy Awards and garnered several other accolades. The series is also notable for helping launch the careers of several cartoonists, such as Craig McCracken (The Powerpuff Girls), Seth MacFarlane (Family Guy), Butch Hartman (The Fairly OddParents), and Rob Renzetti (My Life as a Teenage Robot).