Louis Armstrong - Satchmo at the National Press Club: Red Beans and Rice-ly Yours [2012] 

Satchmo at the National Press Club: Red Beans and Rice-ly Yours

Louis Armstrong, Tyree Glenn, Tommy Gwaltney

SFS60005

Jazz icon Louis Armstrong, always the consummate entertainer, turned a 1971 award ceremony at the National Press Club in Washington DC into an impromptu performance—despite recent poor health. It was one of his last concerts before he passed away 5 months later. Joined by longtime band-mates Tyree Glenn and Tommy Gwaltney, Armstrong shows no signs of frailty while singing, and to everyone’s surprise, playing trumpet on classics including “Mack the Knife” and “Rocking Chair.” The recording was originally a limited vinyl release by the National Press Club in 1972. Armstrong often signed letters “Red Beans and Rice-ly Yours,” which makes for an apt title for the recording especially since his favorite recipes—everything from Louisiana Caviar to the Sazerac—are included in the liner notes, as they were in the original pressing. 11 tracks, 58 minutes.

This recording was produced in collaboration with The National Press Club and The Louis Armstrong Educational Foundation.


YEAR OF RECORDING 1972
RECORD LABEL Smithsonian Folkways Special Series
SOURCE ARCHIVE Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage
CREDITS Produced by Kim Gregory ; Liner Notes by Ralph de Toledano ; Liner Notes by Christopher Blake ; Design by Stan Jennings ; Produced in collaboration with The National Press Club ; Produced in collaboration with Louis Armstrong Educational Foundation

Satchmo at the National Press Club: Red Beans and Rice-ly Yours’

11 tracks, 58 minutes:

1971 Press Club Concert featuring Louis Armstrong

1.      Introductions (When It’s Sleepy Time Down South)
2.      Hello Dolly
3.      Rockin’ Chair
4.      Boy from New Orleans
5.      Mack the Knife

Tribute concert to Louis Armstrong featuring Tyree Glenn and Tommy Gwaltney

6.      Royal Garden Blues
7.      Mood Indigo
8.      A Kiss to Build a Dream On
9.      Love For Sale
10.    It’s Alright with Me
11.    Crazy Rhythm