.ORGANIZE YOUR SCHEDULE

Unique built-in planner lets you input and easy manage all types of schedules including classic, alternating (A & B weeks), rotating and block schedule.
Not only you can enter most common course details, but also add instructors with all related information such as office hours, affiliation, phone number and email address. As well you are welcome to add holiday periods and even cancel separate classes in case of outstanding events.
In addition, you are supplied with an expanded set of icons designed especially for iStudiez Pro to mark your class types and extracurricular activities. Color labels are available for your convenience to mark each particular course.


...FOLLOW UP WITH YOUR HOMEWORK

Special section is dedicated to keep track of your homework and assignments. Whatever is the way you are used to manage your tasks, you will find it all in iStudiez Pro. Either you want to organize your assignments by date or by course or by priority or sort them into pending and completed, you have all options at your hand.
Sometimes you might have group work, so it is envisaged that you can add a partner to any of your assignments (either choose from contacts or create a new contact right inside the app).


...STAY UPDATED

Once your schedule is added, the summary of current classes and tasks is automatically reflected in Overview.
You'll see list of events and assignments including all details such as event type, location, time left, class instructor, number of tasks pending and what's next on schedule.
Courses reflected in Overview are easily modifiable in each and every detail.


...TRACK YOUR GRADE/GPA

This option is based on assignments (support of weighted/non-weighted assignments), and GPA calculator is available both for current and past semesters. Support of most world used grading scales (letter grades, percents, points).

Requirements
Intel, Mac OS X 10.6 or later. 


What's New in Version 1.0.9

Ready for Mac OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion:
• You can finally be notified of all your classes and assignments: Notification Center support added!

What’s New:
• Option to make data backup
• App interface enhanced for the MacBook Pro with Retina display

Fixed:
• Some grade calculation issues

Stability and general app performance improved