Belladonnas.How.To.Fuck.DiSC1.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly
Belladonnas.How.To.Fuck.DiSC2.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly

Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=nxbs95up3dneewnakboy.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=vigbwf25wkg1ckf7jmh8.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=hypo7w3wjnu0wec93ttp.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=3vk9i952qgtsugr2nt9z.jpg


Mark Wood, Mr. Pete, Katsuni, Belladonna, Dade Murphy

Director/performer Belladonna says, "This is my kind of instructional movie," and when the topic is sex, who better to do the instructing? The epic triple-DVD "Belladonna's How To: Fuck!" presents hands-on, hard-core demonstrations, with side lessons covering everything from blow jobs to anal hygiene to nutrition tips. Along the way, the tattooed temptress engages her partners - French/Vietnamese porn favorite Katsuni, studs Mark Wood and Mr. Pete - in intimate interviews about the mechanics and philosophy of fucking. But nobody neglects the hot, dirty sex! The legendary directress treats Mark's boner to a slobbery, worshipful, deep-throat blow job; she strokes his hard shaft with her pretty bare feet before jacking his cream into her mouth. Next comes Bella's romantic lesbian session with lovely Katsuni: The cunnilingus, foot fun and G-spot stimulation percolate until both beauties are satisfied. Exploring her own fetishes, Bella performs a sensuous barefoot tease/masturbation and fucks a big, floor-mounted anal dildo; this scene culminates in a bare-sole cum shot from cameraman Dade Murphy. A real-time enema follows, where Bella reveals her professional rectal flushing technique. Finally, she discusses butt fucking with master cocksman Mr. Pete. He shoves his pole deeply up her ass and pussy, eventually shooting hot sperm in her mouth. "The key to great sex is communication," she says, and in "Belladonna's How To: Fuck!" her fans will find plenty to help themselves and their partners get off ... including 2 hours and 42 minutes of revealing behind-the-scenes footage!