This was director Russ Meyer's first commercially successful film. Made at a time when nudity was allowed in public movies on the pretext of wholesome, non-sexual nudism only...The Immoral Mr. Teas was the first American 'above ground' (as opposed to 'underground' covertly produced and distributed pornographic) movie since the pre-Code early 1930s era, to show female nudity without the pretext of naturism. The title character really was Mr. Teas in real life. He and Russ were ex-army buddies. As happens throughout the film Mr. Teas is teased much..largely thanks to his own imagination. Where-ever he goes, when he shes pretty ladies he usually day dreams of them with little or no clothing on. Well not much more of a plot to it than that. The film was shot with the soundtrack made later. The soundtrack is both music and a lot of narration. The narrative goes on about all sorts of things related to society, history, inventions, etc which is somehow relevant to whatever is happening at any particular time.

Directed by Russ Meyer 
Produced by Peter A. DeCenzie
Starring: 
Bill Teas ... Mr. Teas 
Ann Peters ... Coffeeshop Waitress 
Marilyn Wesley ... Dental Assistant 
Michele Roberts ... Secretary (as Mischele Roberts) 
Dawn Danielle ... Beach Beauty 
Mikki France ... Psychiatrist (uncredited) 
Narrated by G. Ferris (uncredited)
Music by Edward J. Lakso 
Cinematography Russ Meyer 
Editing by Russ Meyer & John F. Link Sr. (uncredited) 
Release date(s) 1959 
Running time 63 minutes (but with the 6 commercials added...1:10:09)
Country USA 

Box Office: 
Budget: $24,000 (estimated) 
Gross: $1,500,000 (USA) (1959) 

I recorded this off cable TV in 2004, not with a VCR but into my old PC via TV-card. So there is a +18 in the top left corner and a BRAVO (the station) watermark in the opposite corner at times. Most of the time they aren't there. I've added 6 commercials from the time this movie would have been initially getting around. Two (Montclair cigarettes & Folger's coffee) before the film and four (Bounty paper towels, Crest toothpaste, Gilbert  Auto-Rama slot car set and  Ford's new 1960 models) after it.

Video:  3.09GB  720x480 NTSC   29fps
Audio:  2 channel stereo 48kHz
