What is Adobe Captivate 6? 

Adobe® Captivate® 6 software helps you rapidly author a wide range of interactive eLearning and HTML5-based mLearning content. Easily create product demos in HD, application simulations, and soft skills and compliance training. Import Microsoft® PowerPoint slides and enrich with multimedia, interactive elements and quizzes. Deliver content to virtually any device, including iPads.

FEATURES

Rapid eLearning content development 

Easily transform presentations into interactive eLearning content with Adobe® Captivate® 6 software using a roundtrip PowerPoint workflow. Choose from attractive, professionally designed themes, and apply them across projects to maintain a consistent look and feel

More effective collaboration 

Collaborate more efficiently by leveraging Acrobat.com* and using the Twitter* widget from Adobe.

Interactive eLearning experiences 

Easily create show-me product demos in HD, interactive let-me-try application simulations, and test-me assessments. Insert aesthetically designed interactive elements to eLearning content with just a click.

Rich multimedia to attract learners 

Import video in popular formats (AVI, MOV, FLV, MPEG) and synchronize video with selected slides. Add audio and animations to eLearning projects.

Easy quizzing 

Create eye-catching quizzes with out-of the-box templates, and evaluate quiz results more conveniently. Add pre-test, audio responses, and remediation to quizzes 

Delivery virtually anywhere 

Publish projects to the web, desktops, notebooks, and tablets. Deliver eLearning content to iOS and Android™ devices.

Scoring, tracking, and reporting 

Publish eLearning and HTML5-based mLearning courses effortlessly to leading SCORM- and AICC-compliant LMSs. Or satisfy basic evaluation needs at no extra cost by tracking and reporting key performance metrics without investing in an LMS.

System requirements Windows

* 1 GHz or faster processor Intel® Pentium® 4, Intel Centrino®, Intel Xeon®, or Intel Core™ Duo (or compatible) processor
* Microsoft® Windows XP with Service Pack 3; or Windows 7 with Service Pack 1
* 2GB minimum RAM (4GB recommended)
* 3GB of available hard-disk space for installation; additional free space required during installation (cannot install on flash-based storage devices)
* DVD-ROM drive
* 1024x768 display (1280x1024 recommended) with 16-bit video card
* Broadband Internet connection required for online services and to validate Subscription Edition (if applicable) on an ongoing basis
* This software will not operate without activation. Broadband Internet connection and registration are required for software activation, validation of subscriptions, and access to online services.* Phone activation is not available. Adobe online services and other third-party online services are available only to users 13 and older and require agreement to additional terms and/or Adobe’s online privacy policy. Online services are not available in all countries or languages, may require user registration and may be subject to change or discontinuation without notice. Additional fees or subscription charges may apply.

Languages : Deutsch, English (International), English (North America), Español, Español (América Latina), Français, Français (Canadien), 日本語

Homepage : http://www.adobe.com/products/captivate.html