UFOs and the National Security State: Chronology of a Coverup, 1941-1973

By Richard M. Dolan, foreward by Jacques F. Vallee
Published by Hampton Roads Publishing  2002

Richard M. Dolan is a gifted historian whose study of U.S. Cold War strategy led him to the broader context of increased security measures and secrecy since World War II. One aspect of such government policies that has continued to hold the public's imagination for over half a century is the question of unidentified flying objects.

UFOs and THE NATIONAL SECURITY STATE is the first volume of a two-part detailed chronological narrative of the national security dimensions of the UFO phenomenon from 1941 to the present. Working from hundreds of declassified records and other primary and secondary sources, Dolan centers his investigation on the American military and intelligence communities, demonstrating that they take UFOs seriously indeed.

Included in this volume are the activities relating to UFOs, innumerable violations of sensitive airspace by unknown craft and analyses of the Roswell controversy, the CIA-sponsored Robertson Panel, and the Condon Committee Report. 

..............................................................................

The Cover-Up Exposed, 1973-1991 (UFOs and the National Security State, Vol. 2)

By Richard M. Dolan
Published by Keyhole Publishing  2009

This is the 2nd volume in Richard Dolan's series UFOs and THE NATIONAL SECURITY STATE, which analyzes the UFO sightings, politics, and research that occurred during the last two decades of the Cold War.

Working from archival sources, professional journals, and his own investigations, Dolan describes UFO encounters worldwide, demonstrating that the phenomenon is global, and the result of advanced technology.

Many cases involved sensitive military airspace. These include intrusions over U.S. air bases; attempts to intercept a UFO over Tehran; the landing of an unknown object near two airbases in Britain; large boomerang-shaped craft near New York City; unexplained triangular craft seen throughout the U.S. and Europe; strange objects in Earth orbit seen by Soviet and American astronauts; and encounters with UFOs from around the world. 

Dolan also studies "UFO politics," describes the black-budget connection, and provides a geopolitical analysis to explain the whys and hows of UFO secrecy. 

Finally, he provides a history of UFO research. He recreates the discussions and debates concerning alien abductions, animal mutilations, intelligence community infiltration into UFO research, the controversial MJ-12 documents, the Gulf Breeze controversy, reverse engineering of alien technology, crop circles, and more. Dolan also studies the effect of such new technologies as the Internet on UFO research.

This is a complete history of the phenomenon, the secrecy, and the response by researchers who sought to understand the mystery. Behind it all is the backdrop of a world in technological, economic, and political transformation. 

..............................................................................

These two volumes (a third is on the way) comprise the most comprehensive history of the UFO "problem. Essential for anyone wanting a well researched compendium about the subject. Long on facts, short on speculation.
