Beatles VI is The Beatles' seventh Capitol Records release in the United States (including The Beatles' Story). It was the ninth album released into that market in less than one and a half years (Vee-Jay Records and United Artists Records also released one album each during that period). The LP was released in both mono and stereo versions.

"Beatles VI" reached number one in Billboard for six weeks, beginning on 10 July 1965.

This LP was also released in New Zealand in stereo in time for Christmas 1966. The pressing plates were obtained from EMI (UK) and are identical to their export only release. The title on the record label reads Beatles IV, and the catalogue number is PCSM 6042.

This album is available on CD as part of The Capitol Albums, Volume 2 box set in both stereo and mono mixes

Beatles VI includes two tracks recorded specifically for the North American market: "Bad Boy" and "Dizzy Miss Lizzy", both covers of Larry Williams songs, and both recorded on Williams' birthday (10 May 1965), marking perhaps the only time that the Beatles recorded material especially for North America. "Dizzy Miss Lizzy" was soon included on the British release of the Help! album, but "Bad Boy" was not released in the United Kingdom or anywhere else around the world until the 1966 A Collection of Beatles Oldies.

Beatles VI also included:

    the remaining six tracks left off Beatles '65 from Beatles for Sale
    "Yes It Is", the B-side to the single "Ticket to Ride". This is a "duophonic" stereo remix from the original mono track, with additional echo and reverb.
    two other tracks from the forthcoming UK release of Help!: "You Like Me Too Much" and "Tell Me What You See"

As on Beatles for Sale, the "Kansas City"/"Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey" medley was originally listed only as "Kansas City". After attorneys for Venice Music notified Capitol of its error, the record label was corrected, although the album cover was not.

MONO - Track Listing [320k MP3]


    Medley: "Kansas City"/"Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey" 
    "Eight Days a Week" 
    "You Like Me Too Much" 
    "Bad Boy" 
    "I Don't Want to Spoil the Party" 
    "Words of Love" 
    "What You're Doing" 
    "Yes It Is" 
    "Dizzy Miss Lizzie" 
    "Tell Me What You See" 
    "Every Little Thing" 