EMCO Network Malware Cleaner

Scan Your Network to Find Viruses and Clean Them Silently and Remotely
An integrated network antivirus solution to protect your network from all kind of malware. It allows you to scan PCs in your network silently and remotely to detect and cleanup from over 10,000 viruses, trojans, and other malware. Network virus scan takes just few seconds per PC and can be performed on multiple PCs in parallel, so you can scan entire network for viruses in few minutes. Up-to-date virus database guarantees detection of latest threats and your network protection.

One of the top priority tasks for system administrators is keeping network clean from different threats. It can be achieved by using active antivirus protection on each PC and performing regular network virus scanning. EMCO Network Malware cleaner was designed to help you with second task and is a good addition to other used antivirus tools.
EMCO Network Malware Cleaner is not an active antivirus engine; rather its main purpose is to check remote PCs silently for known viruses, warms, trojans, adware and to destroy found malware. Using it you can quickly wipe out malware that went through weak shields without visiting and perform virus scan on each PC.
Specially designed for network virus scanning, EMCO Network Malware Cleaner allows you to scan and clean remote PCs from viruses in silent mode, without interruption or user's work.

Advantages of EMCO Network Malware Cleaner

Unlike most antivirus tools, EMCO Network Malware Cleaner is a specialized network antivirus solution that allows you to protect from viruses not only a particular PC, but all computers in your network. Main advantages of this solution are listed below.
Remote virus scanning. Save your time to visit each PC and check it for viruses. Instead check all PCs at once by one mouse click.
Silent remote virus cleaning. Cleanup remote PCs from found malware in a silent mode without interruption of remote user work.
Regular network virus scan. Enable regular checks by spending only few minutes to scan network for viruses with a fast scan engine.
Weak shields detection. Get notification about remote PCs where antivirus protection is disabled or virus databases are out-of-date.
Costs saving. Spend only $2 per node or less for advanced network antivirus solution that allows you to keep your network protected from over 10,000 viruses, trojans, adware, spyware and worms.

Supported Platforms:

Windows 2000 (with SP4 or later), Windows XP, Windows XP x64, Windows 2003, Windows 2003 x64, Windows Vista, Windows Vista x64, Windows 2008, Windows 2008 x64, Windows 2008 R2, Windows 7, Windows 7 x64

Homepage: http://emcosoftware.com/network-malware-cleaner

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.