Book Description
Do you want to build web pages, but have no previous experience? This friendly guide is the perfect place to start. You’ll begin at square one, learning how the Web and web pages work, and then steadily build from there. By the end of the book, you’ll have the skills to create a simple site with multi-column pages that adapt for mobile devices.

Learn how to use the latest techniques, best practices, and current web standards—including HTML5 and CSS3. Each chapter provides exercises to help you to learn various techniques, and short quizzes to make sure you understand key concepts.

This thoroughly revised edition is ideal for students and professionals of all backgrounds and skill levels, whether you’re a beginner or brushing up on existing skills.

Build HTML pages with text, links, images, tables, and forms
Use style sheets (CSS) for colors, backgrounds, formatting text, page layout, and even simple animation effects
Learn about the new HTML5 elements, APIs, and CSS3 properties that are changing what you can do with web pages
Make your pages display well on mobile devices by creating a responsive web design
Learn how JavaScript works—and why the language is so important in web design
Create and optimize web graphics so they’ll download as quickly as possible

Table of Contents
Part I: Getting Started
Chapter 1. Where Do I Start?
Chapter 2. How the Web Works
Chapter 3. Some Big Concepts You Need to Know

Part II: HTML Markup for Structure
Chapter 4. Creating a Simple Page: (HTML Overview)
Chapter 5. Marking Up Text
Chapter 6. Adding Links
Chapter 7. Adding Images
Chapter 8. Table Markup
Chapter 9. Forms
Chapter 10. What’s Up, HTML5?

Part III: CSS for Presentation
Chapter 11. Cascading Style Sheets Orientation
Chapter 12. Formatting Text: (Plus More selectors)
Chapter 13. Colors and Backgrounds: (Plus Even More Selectors and External Style Sheets)
Chapter 14. Thinking Inside the Box: (Padding, Borders, and Margins)
Chapter 15. Floating and Positioning
Chapter 16. Page Layout with CSS
Chapter 17. Transitions, Transforms, and Animation
Chapter 18. CSS Techniques

Part IV: JavaScript for Behaviors
Chapter 19. Introduction to JavaScript
Chapter 20. Using JavaScript

Part V: Creating Web Graphics
Chapter 21. Web Graphics Basics
Chapter 22. Lean and Mean Web Graphics

Appendix A. Answers
Appendix B. CSS3 Selectors 