From Sean Cody - Jason Andrews aka "Addison"


Sean Cody's "Addison" aka Jason Andrews Arrested For Murder


A club DJ who played gigs on North Halsted’s gay bar strip as recently as last fall was arrested July 15 in Tennessee for the brutal slaying of a tattoo shop owner in Florida in May.

Jason Andrews, 27, was known as DJ Veritas when he did gigs at Chicago clubs such as Circuit, Soundbar, The Zoo and Scarlet, where he was the regular Saturday night DJ for a while. He was also known as Addison when he starred in gay porn videos for Sean Cody.

Now, though, and likely for the rest of his life, he’s known by his prison ID number, as he and girlfriend Amanda Logue, 28, are accused of killing New Port Richey, Fla., tattoo shop owner Dennis "Scooter" Abrahamsen, 41, on May 15 after an all-night sex party at Abrahamsen’s home.

Police said the motive was robbery - the take by Andrews and Logue was about $6,000 in cash, a laptop, cameras and credit cards. The couple was caught after detectives obtained Twitters and text messages between the couple in which they talked about and plotted the crime.

Logue had been hired by Abrahamsen to have sex at the party. During the party, Andrews hid outside the house and he and Logue texted back and forth about when the other guests at the party would leave, if Abrahamsen had drugs and whether Logue had seen the contents of Abrahamsen’s safe. Finally, around 5 a.m., the last guests left, leaving only Logue and Abrahamsen in the house.

"They are packing up. I’m fucking excited to fuck up someone ... I want to fuck after we kill him," Logue texted Andrews.

Moments later, she texted, "ok I don’t see knives. He’s got coke n 2 roxies."

Andrews texted back, "Just get him on his face either bash or tell me to get in and where to go."

A minute later, Andrews texted Logue, "ok front door or back?"

Logue: "Front not yet though."

Andrews: "Just prepping. I’ll wait for your call from here."

Logue: "K, I’m horny! I’m getting him to play music be quiet when come in sorry not ready, fixing to get on table."

Andrews: "I got all the time in the world. You just get him relaxed and face down. When I come in what direction?"

Logue: "Straight."

Andrews: "Wicked. I’ll just be waiting. Really. Take. Your. Time."

Logue: "ok starting massage. I got bottle liquor to hit with you will hear when to come in or sneak in now and stand in the house."

Andrews: "K."

Logue: "Come in."

One day later, concerned relatives found Abrahamsen’s battered and stabbed body face down on his massage table. Blood was splattered on the walls and ceiling, police said, the results of the sledgehammer bashing Abrahamsen endured.

Two days later police in Largo, Fla., picked the couple up on charges of theft at a department store. They also discovered that Andrews had used one of Abrahamsen’s credit cards at a Home Depot. They questioned the couple about Abrahamsen, but let them post bond after deciding there wasn’t enough evidence to connect them to his death.

Apparently spooked, the couple split up, with Logue, who is married and also has a history of working as a porn actor, returning to her husband’s home in Georgia. On May 26, a detective from Florida caught up with her there. She denied killing Abrahamsen, saying it was Andrews’ doing and telling police he had threatened to kill her if she told anyone about it.

Police arrested her and soon were after Andrews, who had gone to Chattanooga, Tenn., where his brother lives. There, his brother helped him land a job as a shift manager at the Chattanooga Billiard Club July 8. One week later, police showed up at the club to arrest him.

Andrews’ true background remains a mystery. At times, he’s told people he was from Kalamazoo, Mich. He’s often claimed to be an Iraq War veteran and told the Chattanooga Billiard Club owner that he was in the Marines for 10 years. In Chicago, though, he said he was from London and talked with a slick British accent. Club ads for his DJ gigs here billed him as a hot London DJ. People who worked with him briefly in Chattanooga, though, said he didn’t use a British accent there.

Addison (Straight) and Devin (Straight).avi

Addison (Straight) Doing What He Does Best.avi

Addison & Devin Behind the Scenes.avi

Harley (Straight) and Addison (Straight) FlipFlop Fuck.avi

Joe (Gay) Addison (Straight).avi

Keifer (Gay) and Addison (Straight).avi

Lane (Gay Bottom) and Addison (Straight Top).avi

Lane and Addison.avi

Ski Retreat Fuckfest 'Behind the Scenes'.avi

Ski Retreat Fuckfest.av