Christopher Moore's A Love Story Series
---------------------------------------
www.chrismoore.com/  if you like his writing, i suggust supporting his work. also, keep your eyes out for two new novels being released in 2012!


Audio Books included in this torrent:

Bloodsucking Fiends: A Love Story
You Suck: A Love Story
Bite Me: A Love Story


Bloodsucking Fiends:A Love Story (64 kbps, 271 Mb)
--------------------------------------------------

Jody never asked to become a vampire. But when she wakes up under an alley Dumpster with a badly burned arm, an aching neck, superhuman strength, and a distinctly Nosferatuan thirst, she realizes the decision has been made for her.

Making the transition from the nine-to-five grind to an eternity of nocturnal prowlings is going to take some doing, however, and thats where C. Thomas Flood fits in. A would-be Kerouac from Incontinence, Indiana, Tommy (to his friends) is biding his time night-clerking and frozen-turkey bowling in a San Francisco Safeway. But all that changes when a beautiful undead redhead walks through the door ... and proceeds to rock Tommys life -- and afterlife -- in ways he never imagined possible.

You Suck: A Love Story (64 kbps, 216 Mb)
----------------------------------------

Nineteen-year old C. Thomas Flood - Tommy, to his friends - has a problem.

He slept with his incredibly hot girlfriend, Jody.

Thats a problem?

Well, Jody is a vampire. And now, Tommy is too.

Following his unexpected initiation into San Francisco's most alternative lifestyle, Tommy sees that an undead existence requires some speedy adaptation.

First, his new improved vampire senses make him quickly realize how bad most people smell. (Make that all people.)

Second - it'll just make sense to keep a local wino handy for late-night snacks (you need to keep an eye on those blood sugar levels).

Third - it's now easy to talk a young Goth girl into working as your personal gofer and aide-de-camp as long as she can tell her friends she's a "Tortured Victim of the Daylight Dwellers," so darned full of foreboding and dread that all skeezy mortals will just, OMG, scurry before her dazzling darkness.

But, while Tommy's learning all this, he must avoid the police; as well as the centuries-old vampire who started the trouble in the first place by turning Jody, and who now wants to pick up where he left off.

And, he must also steer clear of his former pals, a herd of Beta Males who've given up frozen turkey bowling in order to spend more time (and all their money) on a Las Vegas call girl who dyed herself blue in hopes of tapping a niche market -- realizing too late that the market tapped consists of frozen turkey bowlers who spend way too much time thinking about Smurfs.

Chris Moore's new novel, You Suck, A Love Story has all this and more, including familiar faces from his 2006 New York Times bestseller, A Dirty Job. And if you haven't yet sunk your teeth into it - Tommy and Jody first appear in his novel, Bloodsucking Fiends.

So if you're looking for San Francisco scenery, hot vampire sex (similar to hot monkey sex, but hotter), giant shaven cats, the Cheddar Princess of Fond du Lac, and the Fighting Beatniks of Allen Ginsberg High School -- four words:

YOU SUCK.

It doesn't.

Bite Me: A Love Story (32 kbps, 113 mb)
---------------------------------------

Abigail Von Normal, nonperky, mysterious teen queen of the San Francisco night scene and backup mistress of Tommy, the unintentional Vampire is back to lead you through the 3rd book in the San Francisco Vampire trilogy. Learn what happens to Tommy, Jody, the Vampire Flood, Chet the Enormous Cat, The Smurfette, the Animals, and all your other favorites!

    The city of San Francisco is being stalked by a huge shaved vampyre cat named Chet, and only I, Abby Normal, emergency backup mistress of the Greater Bay Area night, and my manga-haired love monkey, Foo Dog, stand between the ravenous monster and a bloody massacre of the general public. 

Whoa. And this is a love story? Yup. 'Cept there's no whining. See, while some lovers were born to run, Jody and Tommy were born to bite. Well, reborn, that is, now that they're vampires. Good thing theirs is an undying love, since their Goth Girl Friday, Abby Normal, imprisoned them in a bronze statue.

Abby wants to be a bloodsucking fiend, too, but right now she's really busy with other stuff, like breaking in a pair of red vinyl thigh-high Skankenstein® platform boots and wrangling her Ph.D.-candidate boyfriend, Steve (the love monkey). And then there's that vampire cat Chet, who's getting bigger and smarter—and thirstier—by the minute. Abby thought she and Steve could handle the kitty cat on their own, mais non . . .

Before you can say "OMG! WTF?" Tommy and Jody are sprung from captivity, and join forces with Abby, Steve, the frozen-turkey-bowling Safeway crew, the Emperor of San Francisco and his trusty dogs Lazarus and Bummer, Abby's gay Goth friend Jared, and SF's finest Cavuto and Rivera to hunt big cat and save the city. And that's when the fun really begins. 