Odin Blu-ray to HD Converter
 
Wanna rip blu-ray videos so you can share them or make a duplicate copy for your video collection? With Odin Bluray to HD Converter, now you can convert blu-ray videos (M2TS format) to High-Definition formats (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, Apple TV h.264 1080P, HD WMV, MPEG-2/MPEG-4 TS HD Video) with excellent and unmatchable ripping-converting speed while preserving HD quality.And you also can rip blu ray audio!The new in updated version 7.7.7: solved the bug of audio option not to be selected. Spotlight:It Can Help You Rip the Newest Blu-ray Discs. 

Overview 

Odin Blu-ray DVD to HD Ripper allows you to customize file size, trim and crop DVD movies, and even join several DVD chapters/titles into one file. It also lets you select DVD subtitle and audio track, and even allows you to trim your DVD movie to capture your favorite movies clips. 


It can extract audio tracks from all kinds of Blu-ray DVDs (Blu-ray DVD Video and Blu-ray DVD Audio) and rip Blu-ray DVD audio tracks to MP3, MP4A, AC3, AAC, WMA, etc.And you also can enjoy Bluray DVD movie while converting.Come on to free download this program to share your blu-ray video on internet with your friends
 

Odin Blu-ray DVD to HD Ripper allows you to customize file size, trim and crop DVD movies, and even join several DVD chapters/titles into one file. It also lets you select DVD subtitle and audio track, and even allows you to trim your DVD movie to capture your favorite movies clips. 


It can extract audio tracks from all kinds of Blu-ray DVDs (Blu-ray DVD Video and Blu-ray DVD Audio) and rip Blu-ray DVD audio tracks to MP3, MP4A, AC3, AAC, WMA, etc.And you also can enjoy Bluray DVD movie while converting.Come on to free download this program to share your blu-ray video on internet with your friends.
 


Convert Blu-ray movie to HD with excellent quality. 
Fast speed to convert blu-ray dvd movie to HD format and then you can enjoy bluray video on your PC freely.
 

Excellent output quality without any audio video sync problem
 the newest audio-video sync technology enables you to have a high quality output video without any audio video out of sync problems.
 
Crop, trim, merge etc to make enchanting video and titles are securable
 Allow you to trim and convert each chapter/title of your bluray movie, adjust video brightness and contrast, select subtitle, choose audio track and adjust audio volume.Easily to crop video to create your ideal video with different screen size.
 select titles of blu-ray dvd movies you want to rip and also support batch conversion.
 Audio are selectable and Add Subtitles
 You can select which audio language you want to convert and also can add subtitles to your converted movie.
 

Other functions
 preview the blu-ray movie while converting.customize video and audio settings such as bit rate, resolution, frame rate, sample rate, and codec to correspond with your multimedia players. 


System Requirement:

 Supported OS Windows NT4/2000/2003/XP/Windows Vista/Windows 7 
Processor >750MHz Intel or AMD CPU 
Free hard disk space 100 MB or more 
RAM 256 MB or above 

 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Register application with given serial and name.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 