American Translation

Pascal Arnold, Jean-Marc Barr
France
French
2011
Drama
115min
Lizzie Brocheré, Pierre Perrier, Djédjé Apali, Jean-Marc Barr, Benjamin Bollen, Benjamin Bollen, Laurent Delbecque, Frederic Eng, Ionita Radu Georgescu, Yamin Gougmar, Arthur Harel, Pierre-Yves Kiebbe, Manon Klein, Arnaud Koller, Karl E. Landler

Aurore, é riquíssima filha de um empresário americano, e não tem muitas vontades nem atividades. Ela encontra Christophe, passa a viver com ele, e aceita todas as vontades do moço. Seus olhos são vidrados, quase não piscam, em sinal de ausência de reflexão qualquer. 
Christophe conquista todas as garotas e também alguns garotos... leva-os todos para a cama. Ele faz o tipo viril dominador, bruto, agressivo – algo perfeito para o ambiente em que se encontra, onde todos são submissos. Ele é sempre visto nu, de vez em quando em ereção. Seus olhos são igualmente vidrados, também não piscam, com a respiração ofegante e o olhar de um predador maníaco. Ele é um psicopata, e nesta terra de fetiches, os psicopatas agem como animais selvagens enfurecidos.

A French twist on the couple-on-the-run and
road movie genres, American Translation has the handsome wanderer Chris, a young man as unruly as his hair, meeting rich Aurore in a hotel. They share a passionate, ravenous kiss in the bathroom, and soon head out for sex and adventure in his Peugeot van. Their romance is immediate and intense, they quickly hold a wedding ceremony and tattoo a “ring” on her finger, because “something deep” connects them. The passion between Chris and Aurore is palpable, not only as evidenced in their naked couplings, but also as reflected by cinematographers Barr and Chris Keohane, who film them with a handheld camera that adds an effective layer of intimacy. Barr and Keohane capture Chris’ seductive appeal, and Aurore’s unwavering devotion, most notably in a showstopping and extremely erotic/explicit striptease that is sure to arouse a response from viewers. The couple’s amorous bliss, however, is soon disrupted when the dark side of Chris’ personality suddenly emerges. He makes it painfully clear to Aurore that he doesn’t like her talking to other guys. And, he soon reveals, he likes picking up, kissing, and “cuddling” young male prostitutes, whom he also kills. Aurore sometimes help dispose of the body. The film is an exploration of the nature of good and evil, free will, and the death of innocence. Arnold and Barr’s complex investigation of character resists ascribing any one, real/true meaning to Chris’ or Aurore’s actions.