Book Description

Boost your PHP development skills with this step-by-step practical guide

Clear step-by-step instructions with lots of practical examples
Develop cutting-edge PHP applications like never before with the help of this popular IDE, through quick and simple techniques
Experience exciting features of PHP application development with real-life PHP projects

In Detail

NetBeans has many features that greatly simplify PHP development, and with its several features and great flexibility, PHP developers can become overwhelmed by the IDE’s options. This book provides step-by-step instructions that show you how to take control of the environment and make use of these features to make your PHP application development more efficient and productive than ever before.

“PHP Application Development with NetBeans: Beginner’s Guide” leads you through the crucial parts of PHP programming and shows you how to use the features of NetBeans that will improve your PHP development experience through clear and easy instructions.

The book gets you started with the development environment and tools, and takes you through working on practical projects with a clear focus. With each chapter being mission-critical, the book is a perfect companion to boost your PHP coding productivity and gain experience with even complex projects.

The book starts with setting up the PHP development environment and introduces exciting and useful IDE features. You’ll learn how to build complex PHP projects such as online marketplace applications and even friend locator Google Maps applications. You’ll have fun working with Zend framework application development and you are also introduced to some very useful NetBeans plugins.

Working with the NetBeans IDE for PHP development has its own advantages, and this book reassures the purpose. This book is full of illustrations, screenshots, and clear instructions to take your PHP development to a new level and even shows you time-saving tricks and other productivity enhancements.