Year: 2012
Genre: Codecs, player, utilities,
Developer: Codec Guide
Web Developer: http://www.codecguide.com/ of
Language: English
Type Build: Standard
Word length: 32-bitova/64-bitova
Operating System: Windows 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, 7

Description: K-Lite Codec Pack - a free package of codecs, DirectShow filters and tools associated with them. Codecs and DirectShow filters are needed for encoding and decoding various audio and video formats.
K-Lite Codec Pack is different from other similar packages, lack of conflicts between codecs, easy to install and use that earned him the most popular. The components of the K-Lite Codec Pack, it is possible to play all the popular and even some rare formats video and audio.
Main characteristics of the K-Lite Codec Pack:
The latest versions of the best codecs.
All components of the "K-Lite Codec Pack" are chosen so that there is no conflict between them.
Installation is very simple. You can choose only those codecs and tools you really need.
At any time you can completely or partially remove the K-Lite Codec Pack, leaving at the same time, no trace of your stay (including registry keys).
Each version of the package carefully tested for possible conflicts between codecs and other programs.
K-Lite Codec Pack is trying to avoid problems between new and already installed codecs on your computer and can even solve some existing ones.

Version of K-Lite Codec Pack
There are currently several versions of this codec pack. The user can select one that best suits their needs:

• The basic version (K-Lite Codec Pack Basic)
Contains everything you need to play most common video files
like AVI, MKV, MP4, OGM, FLV. This package is the smallest.

• Standard (K-Lite Codec Pack Standard)
It has everything to play most media files. This package will be enough
for the average user.

• Complete (K-Lite Codec Pack Full)
In addition to codecs, filters and tools that are standard also contains
all things necessary to encode video and audio. It may be useful for advanced users and professionals.

• Mega (K-Lite Mega Codec Pack)
This version of the package contains all codecs and programs that are included in the full version and QuickTime Alternative and Real Alternative.

• K-Lite Codec Pack 64-bit
It can be used to play media on 64-bit players (such as Vista Media Center).

version 8.8.0
Are the components of mega (MEGA) options:

Player:

• Media Player for Classic Homecinema [version 1.6.2.4742]
• Media Player Classic [version 6.4.9.1 REV. 107]

readme.txt in the torrent details