FACES 4.0 is the latest and most advanced version of our award-winning technology, with new features including:
ΓÇó expanded database of 4,400 facial features
ΓÇó new Latin, African-American and Asian components
ΓÇó ability to export images in JPEG format to use in police bulletins, advisories and websites
ΓÇó three-tone hair features and hair flip, and facial markings such as piercings, moles, scars and tattoos



FACES 4.0 includes the following key features:

Easy to Use
The improved interface of FACES 4.0 makes it easy for any police officer to create accurate composites with a click of a mouse. No forensic artist skills or experience are required.


website





amped five

Amped Five is a world leader in image processing software specifically designed for investigative, forensic and security applications. Its primary purpose is to provide forensic investigators a complete and unique solution to process and analyze digital images and video data in a simple, fast and precise way.
Through processing and analyzing both still and video images, then utilizing a clear workflow to present evidence that withstands the scrutiny of the courtroom, Amped Five is the forensic investigator's trusted partner. Thanks to its revolutionary technology, Amped Five allows investigators to solve a wide range of problems which are otherwise easily missed. Since Five is self-contained, it can help to dramatically reduce the time required to process data and improves the success rate of the treated cases, from the restoration of low quality CCTV video to fingerprint analysis.


website : http://ampedsoftware.com/five


microsoft cofee


Microsoft COFEE is being made available to individuals employed by law enforcement agencies within the United States and Canada. COFEE means the Computer Online Forensic Evidence Extractor tool that fits on a USB drive and automates the execution of commands for data extraction and related documentation. Distribution is limited to law enforcement agencies. Access to the COFEE product requires verification of employment with a law enforcement agency and agreement to the terms and conditions of the Microsoft/NW3C Sublicense Agreement.

website https://cofee.nw3c.org/


Dtective

Over 1,500 dTective systems are already being used successfully by federal, state and local law enforcement agencies including the FBI, CIA, and DEA as well as other government and private security groups in the U.S. and around the world.



website : http://www.oceansystems.com/forensic_vid...ective.php