On 1 January 2011, a sudden bomb blast occurs, killing several people. The scene shifts back to the same place after exactly a year, where a blind man Kenny (Vikram) lays flowers on the memorial and mourns someone's death during the bomb blast. He is then given some secret details by a mysterious woman. Kenny then finds a taxi driven by Satyan (Santhanam) who is a comical Tamil guy. He drops Kenny at a place and waits for him to return. But Kenny actually goes into that place to kill someone. He kills him and throws him down. Seeing the corpse, Satyan flees. During this entire scene, Kenny is shown to produce a sound from his mouth, to find his way, which is later shown as echolocation. Later Kenny is shown to play piano in a local church, and he is blind he has so many people who care for him. In the meantime, Kenny carries out two more murders, taking the same taxi driven by the Innocent Sahtyan, following instructions from the mysterious woman.
Sarah Vinayagam (Amy Jackson), a British-born Indian girl, wins the Miss London title, and in order to build her social profile, she goes to Kenny's church and acts like helping the out there. Initially Kenny does not like her, but eventually they become friends later. Sara's father is a doctor, who supports Kenny as he is blind. Police officer Veerakathi (Nasser), a Eela Tamil, is the officer in charge of the murders. As the autopsey of the murdered victims take place under Sara's father, Veerakathi visits him and comes to know about Kenny, who is admitted there for a small accident. Verrakathi initially suspects Kenny, but is not convinced that he is the murderer. As Sathyan is found on all the murder spots, the police arrest him, suspecting that he must be having a connection with the murders. But Sathyan manages to find a picture of Kenny from a local newspaper and informs Veerakathi. Sathyan is released and he is met by Sara, and they both go to a place (which she comes to know from Kenny's phone, which he misses during a fight with the local thugs). They reach there in time to see Kenny almost kill a guy named Victor (a steel company owner). But Kenny flees the scene after seeing them and takes Sathyan's taxi to escape. As he is blind, he runs the taxi into a river along with Sathyan and Sara. Later they are shown to be in a river bank shocked. Sara and Sathyan tries to escape, where they see Geetha (Lakshmi Rai), who confronts Sara and Sathyan, and reveals the real identity of Kenny.
Kenny is actually a RAW agent in India, whose real name is SivaKumar. He, along with Sarath (Jagapati Babu), complete various missions for the Indian government. Siva and Sarath are close friends apart from colleagues. Meantime Siva gets married to Meenakshi (Anushka Shetty), who is an Eye Doctor in Delhi. They both have a same views on marriage that, one should first meet someone and then become friends and then fall in love and then get married. But as their marriage happens in a hurry, they decide that, they must first become friends. As time goes by, they become closer to each other and almost become the complete pair. Meenakshi decides to express her love to Siva on the New year's Day (which turns out to be His birthday).
In the Meantime, Sharath handles a case where an Indian Army secret (a flowchart) about a WMD goes missing. Siva shows interest in this case and he goes to London (on a different name,where a former Indian Policeman named Kenny helps him) to find an important clue, as Sarath is injured during a fight. But Siva is shocked to find his plan go terribly wrong and is now chased by the London police, following a few incidents. But now he finds a shocking truth about Sarath. It is shown that Sarath is the mastermind behind the FLowchart missing and he sells it to a terrorist group, with some help from the London militants.Siva finds this entire plot and asks Sarath to surrender.But he later learns that Meenakshi also has come to London along with Sarath (to surprise Siva on his Birthday and Propose to him). So to save her, Siva abides by Sarath's order and he comes to a place (with Kenny), where a sudden bomb blast occurs, killing Kenny and Meenakshi and Blinding Siva. The actual wife of Kenny is Geetha, who decides to take revenge on those responsible for the death of Kenny and Meenakshi. She forms a team with Siva, and joins him in a School where he learns Echolocation from Daniel Kish an expert echolocator. The rest of the Story deals with How Geetha and Siva complete their mission.

Screen Shots
 
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/35/shot0004yp.png/ 
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/27/shot0006m.png/ 
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/845/shot0007qj.png/ 
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/545/shot0008dx.png/ 
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/571/shot0009r.png/