Lee "Scratch" Perry & the Upsetters~High Plains Drifter: Jamaican 45's 1968-73 (Pressure Sounds) [VBR] {MKOP}

Having broken ranks with label owner Joe Gibbs with his venomous track "People Funny Boy," producer, singer, and upsetter Lee "Scratch" Perry spent some productive years scattered about the musical landscape, working for numerous labels and putting his wild spin on rocksteady, blue beat, and R&B-flavored reggae. Pressure Sound's desirable set High Plains Drifter: Jamaican 45's 1968-73 collects the forgotten moments from this era, some so forgotten that artist information has disappeared, including the vocalist for the included version of "Don't Want to Lose You" which is dreamy and for Scratch, surprisingly soft. Still, it feels like proto-Congos stuff, which is all a Perry fan needs to hear, but they'll be satisfied once Val Bennett blows the set open with "Val Blows In," a jovial roll over the Upsetters' own hit "Django Shoots First." Later, it’s the Mellotones working with a steel pan group on a mix of their "What a Botheration" and Count Sticky getting funky in a blaxploitation manner with the wonderful "Rockford Psychedelion." Add mad genius Perry acting silly with the sound effects on "A Big Joke" and longtime followers get more than enough weirdness to sign on, but after all the rareness and uniqueness, there's the sweetness, as Junior Byles offers a "One Love"-sized Jamaica anthem with "Rub Up Festival '71", even if all the "fat and juicy" women talk kept it off the tourism board's consideration list. Barely any of it is as dark and dank as the dub work Perry would dispatch from his later home, the Black Ark Studio, but hearing all the different roads he could have taken is fascinating, and considering the wealth of lighthearted material, very fun. ~David Jeffries (Allmusic)

01. Val Bennet & the Upsetters – Val Blows In
02. Count Sticky & the Upsetters – Boss
03. The Upsetters – High Plains Drifter
04. Busty Brown & the Upsetters – Its Growing
05. The Upsetters – The Man with No Name
06. The Upsetters – Don’t Want to Lose You
07. The Upsetters – What’s Wrong with You
08. The Mellotones – What a Botheration (Pan Mix)
09. The Silvertones – He Don’t Love You
10. Dave Barker & the Upsetters – Next to You
11. Dave Barker & the Upsetters – Sitting and Waiting
12. The Ethiopians – Awake
13. The Upsetters – Amigo
14. Jimmy & the Inspirations – Ain’t No Love
15. Count Sticky & the Upsetters – Rockfort Psychedelion
16. Lee ‘Scratch’ Perry & the Upsetters – A Big Joke
17. The Inspirations – Buttoo Girl
18. The Versatiles – Thanks We Get
19. The Faithful Brothers – Iniquity Workers
20. Junior Byles & the Righteous Upsetters – Rub Up Festival ’71

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders