Supertramp - Crime Of The Century [1974]





01 School
02 Bloody Well Right
03 Hide In Your Shell
04 Asylum
05 Dreamer
06 Rudy
07 If Everyone Was Listening
08 Crime Of The Century





320 KBPS

Cover Art





From Wikipedia:



Supertramp are a British rock band formed in 1969 under the name Daddy before renaming themselves in early 1970. Though their music was initially categorized as progressive rock, they have since incorporated a combination of traditional rock and art rock into their music. The band's work is marked by the inventive songwriting of Rick Davies and Roger Hodgson, the distinctive voice of Hodgson, and the prominent use of Wurlitzer electric piano and saxophone in their songs.

While the band's early work was mainstream progressive rock, they would enjoy greater critical and commercial success when they incorporated more conventional and radio-friendly elements into their work in the mid-1970s, going on to sell more than 60 million albums. They reached their peak of commercial success with 1979's Breakfast in America, which has sold more than 20 million copies.

Though their albums were generally far more successful than their singles, Supertramp did enjoy a number of major hits throughout the 1970s and 1980s, including "Dreamer", "Bloody Well Right", "Give a Little Bit", "The Logical Song", "Breakfast in America", "Goodbye Stranger", "Take the Long Way Home", "It's Raining Again" and "Cannonball". The band attained significant popularity in the United States, Canada, most of Europe, South Africa, Australia, and Brazil. Since Hodgson's departure in 1983, founder Rick Davies has led the band by himself.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Crime of the Century is the third album by the progressive rock band Supertramp, released in 1974. Crime of the Century was their commercial breakthrough on both sides of the Atlantic, aided by the UK hit "Dreamer" and the U.S. hit "Bloody Well Right". It was a UK Top 10 album and a U.S. Top 40 album, eventually being certified Gold in the U.S. in 1977 after the release of Even in the Quietest Moments.... The album was Supertramp's first to feature drummer Bob C. Benberg, woodwinds player John Anthony Helliwell, bassist Dougie Thomson, and co-producer Ken Scott.

The album's dedication reads "To Sam", which is a nickname for Stanley August Miesegaes, the Dutch millionaire who supported the band financially from 1969-72.

