1.Project I.G.I.: I'm Going In

David Jones is sent off to find Josef Priboi, a Russian arms dealer who is believed to have information on a stolen nuclear warhead. As he helps Captain Harrison, apprehend Josef, he discovers that the brains of the operation is Josef's uncle Jach, whom Jones then attempts to apprehend instead. He discovers his location by planting a virus in Jach's communications center.

While Jach Priboi is taken away in helicopter by Jones, the copter is shot down by Ekk. The Russians take Priboi, as well as Jones' equipment. Jones then has to clear the border and find his equipment. He then hijacks the train carrying Priboi and takes him in for interrogation. Learning about the involvement of Ekk, he sets off to catch her and find the nuclear weapon.

Ekk escapes on her first meeting with Jones, but Jones kills her after finding her second hideout as well as the nuclear warhead



I.G.I.-2: Covert Strike

The game's protagonist, David Jones, an agent working for the Institute for Geotactical Intelligence and former British SAS operator, was sent to the Carpathian mountains to recover a set of EMP chips stolen by a group of Russian mafia from a high-tech US facility. After HALO jumping and infiltrating the weather station in the mountains and retrieving one of the EMP chips, his mission director (Phillip White) commands him to go to retrieve the remaining EMP chips so that the IGI researchers can launch a full scale research on the chips to determine their real usage against the thieves. He then goes to the bridge and destroys it. Then in the production facility he gets half of the EMP chips. After this incident, he is betrayed by his pilot, Robert Quest and mission director, Phillip White as they take the EMP chips obtained by Jones. After a series of events, he eventually finds himself at the borders of Romania, where he is then forced to evade the incoming border patrols.

Meanwhile, his former pilot and mission director had escaped. The IGI was not able to detect their whereabouts after the incident, but spent enough efforts to get an important detail that Phillip White had made several weapons and military deals with Jach Priboi in Libya. Under Anya, his new mission director, he sets off to Libya and searches for the middle-aged Priboi, who had been locked up by the Libyan Intelligence as he was supplying weapons to the rebel forces.


Instruction:

-Easy Install/select language
-play