                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Jump Desktop is a remote desktop application that lets you control your computer from your phone or tablet. Compatible with both RDP and VNC, Jump Desktop is secure, reliable and very easy to set up. The streamlined user interface gives you the best possible remote desktop experience on any of your mobile and tablet devices.

Easy setup and reliable:
Jump Desktop is very easy to configure; anyone can do it! Just visit:http://jumpdesktop.com/go on your PC or Mac and follow step-by-step instructions. YouΓÇÖll be up and running in no time.

Secure and built on open standards:
Jump Desktop is a true RDP and VNC client with built-in support for encryption. It lets you connect to your computer using an IP address or hostname, if you already have RDP or VNC configured on it.

Powerful features:
Unleash the full power of your phone or tablet while connected to your computer. Multitouch ready - pinch-to-zoom and two finger scrolling make controlling your computer easy and productive. Jump's multi-threaded rendering engine has been fine tuned for Android. Jump's VNC and RDP decoding is one of the fastest you'll find on Android.

If you need help, visit http://support.jumpdesktop.com or email us at:support@jumpdesktop.com

Refund policy: If you'd like a refund just email support@jumpdesktop.com with your Android market receipt and we'll issue a refund - no questions asked.

Features:

    Multi-protocol: supports RDP and VNC
    Multi-touch ready: Pinch-zoom, two finger scrolling, mouse dragging all supported. Even three finger taps are supported to quickly show and hide the keyboard.
    Easy and secure setup: Automatically configure your PC or Mac for remote access using Wi-Fi and 3G without worrying about your router settings. Set up as many computers as you like and manage them all using your Google account (optional)
    SSH Tunnel support (new!)
    The best external keyboard and mouse support on Android: Supports all external keyboard keys and shortcuts. Right mouse clicks supported too with external mice - all natural, PC like!
    Universal application: Works on tablets and phones - buy it only once and use it on all your Android devices
    Full support for multitasking: Switch to other apps without disconnecting
    Supports large custom screen resolution
    Full mouse support: left and right clicks, dragging, scrolling, precision pointer movement

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 7, 2012)

    Stability fixes
    Fixed: Shift key not working on Linux VNC
    Fixed: Shift key may not work on hardware keyboards with VNC connections
    Fixed: RDP connections to Windows Server may not connect occasionally
    Auto correct support for faster typing (tap the pen icon).
    Fullscreen mode for docked configurations.
    Better physical mouse support on Honeycomb and ICS.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


                                By bobiras2009		