Dirt.3.Complete.Edition-FiGHTCLUB

Description:
The Monte Carlo Rally Pack - eight breathtaking Rally stages featuring dramatic climbs, descents, and hairpins of snowy mountain roads. Race through the Alps and conquer the legendary Col de Turini pass.

The X Games Asia Track Pack - four new routes set across two new tracks in Shibuya, the neon heart of central Tokyo, where spectacular mud-spattered Rallycross circuits weave beneath towering skyscrapers.

The Power and Glory Car Pack - stars five cars including the BMW M3 Rally, Lancia Delta S4, Ford Focus ST Rallycross, Scion tC, and Chevrolet Camaro SSX Concept, each with a range of liveries.

The Mud and Guts Car Pack - features five cars available for single-player, split-screen, and online multiplayer events. Race the Lancia Stratos, Peugeot 205 T16 Evo 2, Citroën C4 Rallycross, Saturn Sky, and Ford Mustang GT, each with a range of liveries.

The Colin McRae Vision Charity Pack - access the Ford Escort Mk II, a 70s rally classic with five liveries.

The Ken Block Special Pack - features a customized and upgraded Ford Escort Mk II, an Open Class Rally car sporting a killer Ken Block livery.

The Mini Gymkhana Special Pack - access the mid-engined Mini Cooper S Gymkhana, customized and tuned to become an outrageously responsive Gymkhana car.

Homepage

---------------
1. Unpack the files with WinRAR or equivalent.
2. Burn or mount the .iso file.
3. Install the game, when prompted for serial enter anything.
4. Copy all the contents from the FiGHTCLUB folder on the DVD to the game installation folder, overwrite when prompted.
5. Run the file ProfileImport.exe once. It will create five blank savegame profiles. If any earlier (DiRT 3) savegame profiles exist on your computer the three first ones will be kept. (If you have other needs then prior to executing this step manually backup saved profiles and insert them later. Location is %USERPROFILE%/My Documents/My Games/DiRT3/savegame)
6. Start the game. Block it from accessing internet in firewall. Be adviced that the Windows Firewall might not let you choose. If game complains about "xlive.dll not found" then GFWL client didn't install - seems 50/50 it does. Install it manually from GFWL folder on DVD.
7. In the game, create a local GFWL profile.
8. Use any of the five blank savegame profiles to play.
9. If you like this game BUY it
---------------