Alcohol 52% Percent Professional v2.0.1.2033 - Virtual drive software

Release Info:

Alcohol 52% Percent Professional CD and DVD emulation software for the virtual CD and DVD drives, users can build it and they have no need for the physical disc to virtually run.

Capabilities Alcohol 52% Percent Professional V2.0.1.2033: - 

This software lets you play backup discs, software, DVD to an image gives you a call and run it through virtual drives 

Alcohol brings a new meaning to the word multimedia! It is without a doubt a leader in it's class, bringing the ability to emulate and record CDs and DVDs together into one amazingly easy to use software program. Using the latest technology the program is constantly being developed and improved to add new features, allowing it to maintain it's position as a leading software package. Imagine being able to store your most used CDs as images on your computer and just call them up at the click of a button! And then run them at 200x the speed of some CD drives and without requiring the CD itself! How about being able to make a backup of that CD onto another CD either using the CD itself or just using the image you have created? This is what Alcohol allows you to do and much more.


Alcohol 52% CD & DVD emulation software can create virtual CD/DVD-ROM drives and play CDs & DVDs without the need for the physical disc. This piece of emulation software allows users to play CDs & DVDs without the need for the physical disc. Notebook users and PC Game players will benefit the most from Alcohol 52%. It is not necessary to carry the physical discs and CD & DVD-ROM drive, if users need to present their works to the customers from their notebook. It is not necessary to insert the CD & DVD discs if users want to play PC Games in their computer. Alcohol 52% copies an "invisible" CD & DVD disc to the harddisk.

There are no limitations on this version, other than the ability to create only 6 virtual drives. Our retail version still supports 31 virtual drives. Remember you can not run Alcohol 52% if you have Alcohol 120% installed on the same drive. This version of Alcohol 52% is for private, non-commercial, single home computer use only.The license is provided personally to you and for that reason it does not allow you to make any duplicate (copy) to be sold, borrowed, assigned, leased or transferred.

CD formats supported: CD-DA, CD+G, CD-ROM, CD-XA, Video CD, Photo CD, Mixed Mode, Multi-session CD DVD formats supported: DVD-ROM, DVD-Video, DVD-Audio Support for all current (ATAPI SCSI) drives: CD-R, CD-RW, DVD-RAM, DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD+RW Full support for IEEE-1394 (Firewire) and USB protocols.

Features:

- This software uses a powerful engine to copy discs. Also, you can get it, make copies of the blank disk to burn. 
- for all people, including teachers, vendors, managers, IT, students, and even people who work in the field of computer games, is used . 
- Alcohol fifty second percent% Alcohol 120% Percent Professional Professional has all the features and is ideal for use with laptops.