                                 By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Proof:
  
http://s2.ipicture.ru/uploads/20120901/posaIA5E.png


Give your digital music files more vibrancy with DFX Audio Enhancer. DFX enhances your music listening experience by improving the sound quality of MP3, internet radio, Windows Media and other music files. Renew stereo depth, add 3D surround sound, restore sound clarity, boost your audio levels, and produce deep, rich bass sounds. DFX also features optimization for headphones usage, audio spectrum analyzer, finely-tuned music presets, powerful music and speech audio modes, and many free stylish skins. With DFX you can transform the sound of your PC into that of an expensive stereo system placed in a perfectly designed listening environment.

The DFX Audio Enhancer is a plug-in that allows the audio sound of your video is more crisp, alive and have a greater effect. DFX or lets you apply different audio effects in order to improve your experience as a listener.

DFX enhances your music listening experience by improving the sound quality of MP3, Windows Media, Internet radio and other music files. DFX dramatically improves the sound quality of your favorite media players with 3D Surround, higher fidelity, booming bass and more, providing exceptional playback quality on your PC. The latest version includes a new Explore feature which provides you with quick access to music videos, song lyrics, similar artists, and more. DFX enhances the sound of all the best media players. Simply turn on DFX and be immersed in HD quality sound. ThatΓÇÖs it! With its standard settings youΓÇÖll immediately be amazed at the added clarity and punch that your media player now provides. However, fine-tuning your audio settings is also an easy option. DFX has an intuitive interface with tooltips to guide you, along with a complete list of finely-tuned presets for all kinds of music. You can even create and save your own custom preset. You can also change the look of DFX by choosing from the many available DFX skins in the online skins library, or creating your own skin.

DFX dramatically improves the sound quality of your favorite media players with 3D Surround, higher fidelity, booming bass and more, providing exceptional playback quality on your PC. The latest version includes a new Explore feature which provides you with quick access to music videos, song lyrics, similar artists, and more. Learn more about DFX features below:

                             By bobiras2009			