Summary: Nick at Nite adds sizzle to summer weeknights with the original primetime drama Hollywood Heights. The debut 

series will encore every night at 9:00 p.m. (ET/PT) Monay through Friday. 

Loren (Brittany Underwood) a smart, shy and independent high school senior who has ambitions of being a songwriter and secretly sends her song lyrics to her celebrity crush, rock superstar Eddie Duran (Cody Longo). Loren's wildest dreams come true when she not only wins a songwriting competition sponsored by Eddie, but strikes up a friendship with her idol. Eddie sees beyond Loren's potential as a songwriter and gives her a first break as a singer, and when the truth about his less-than-faithful girlfriend Chloe (Melissa Ordway) is revealed, Eddie and Loren's friendship blossoms. 

Cast:

Cody Longo ... Eddie Duran
 
Brittany Underwood ... Loren Tate
 
Robert Adamson ... Phil Sanders
 
Brandon P Bell ... Jake Madsen (as Brandon Bell)
 
Ashley Holliday ... Melissa Sanders
 
Shannon Kane ... Traci Madsen
 
Brian Letscher ... Gus Sanders
 
Grayson McCouch ... Don Masters
 
Melissa Ordway ... Chloe Carter
 
Meredith Salenger ... Lisa Sanders


Hollywood Heights S01E01 (Meeting a Rockstar)

Air Date: 11 Jun 2012

Summary: Loren and Melissa talk their way into Eddie's concert, which is the final stop of his latest tour.



Hollywood Heights S01E02 (Loren Catches Eddie's Attention)

Air Date: 19 Jun 2012

Summary: Loren makes eye contact with Eddie while he's performing, and later she sends him a song lyric. Meanwhile, Chloe clears up some misunderstandings with Tyler.



Hollywood Heights S01E03 (Eddie's Songwriting Contest)

Air Date: 20 Jun 2012

Summary: Tyler and Eddie quarrel about the past. Elsewhere, Melissa encourages Loren to enter Eddie's songwriting contest.



Hollywood Heights S01E04 (Chloe's Secret)

Air Date: 21 Jun 2012

Summary: Melissa submits Loren's song into Eddie's contest. Elsewhere, Eddie almost finds out Chloe's secret.



Hollywood Heights S01E05 (Eddie Decides to Take he Next Step)

Air Date: 22 Jun 2012

Summary: Loren worries about her song entry, so Melissa and Nora work on lifting her spirits. Meanwhile, Eddie wants his 

relationship with Chloe to progress to the next level.



Hollywood Heights S01E06 (Loren Makes the Top 25)

Air Date: 25 Jun 2012

Summary: Loren's song advances in the contest. Meanwhile, Chloe hides a damaging photo from the press; and Jake mentors Kelly.



Hollywood Heights S01E07 (Loren Has to Make a Decision)

Air Date: 26 Jun 2012

Summary: Loren's priorities shift after she's awarded a scholarship. Elsewhere, Eddie alludes to tying the knot while talking to the press.


Hollywood Heights S01E08 (Max Questions Chloe)

Air Date: 27 Jun 2012

Summary: Max grows distrustful of Chloe. Meanwhile, Tyler faces eviction; and Adriana uses Phil's help to cheat on an exam.


Hollywood Heights S01E09 (Loren Doesn't Make the Cut)

Air Date: 28 Jun 2012

Summary: Jake removes Loren's song from the list of finalists. Meanwhile, Loren plans to deliver her song to Eddie at the club opening.



Hollywood Heights S01E10 (Eddie Questions His Feelings)

Air Date: 29 Jun 2012

Summary: Loren's song-delivery plan gets derailed. Meanwhile, Eddie sees a shocking photo of Chloe.
