Batman: The Return of Bruce Wayne is a six-issue American comic book limited series published by DC Comics from May, 2010 to November, 2010, was written by Grant Morrison, and featured a team of rotating artists starting with Chris Sprouse and Frazer Irving. 

The series details the journey Bruce Wayne takes through the timestream of the DC Universe after being deposited in the distant past by Darkseid in Final Crisis. Wayne has to overcome amnesia and history itself in order to make his way back to present-day Gotham City and retake his rightful place as Batman. The series ran for six issues, each covering a different time period. The time periods are the prehistory, the witch hunts, pirates at sea, the wild west, the noir era (just a few months after Batman was orphaned), and present day, and usually depict the Batcave or the Wayne Manor. (Bruce Wayne also visits The End Of Time.)

While all of this has been going on, Bruce's allies in the Justice League of America have realized that he is still alive, and have been searching for him. Superman, Rip Hunter, Green Lantern and Booster Gold have been traveling through time, constantly one step behind Bruce, and now arrive at Vanishing Point just as the final step of Wayne's plan goes into motion. (These events are chronicled in the companion mini-series, Time Masters:  Vanishing Point, which are included in this torrent.)  Merging with the robotic Architects that maintain Vanishing Point, he has had his memory wiped once more and allows the Hyper Adapter to possess his body, so that he can bring it back to the present day 21st century using the Time Sphere. Per Bruce's plan, the combined might of the Justice League defeats the creature, rips it from his body and hurls it back into the Time Sphere, catapulting it backward through time, defeated. The threat of the Omega Energy remains, however, and so the Justice League medically stop Bruce's heart, inducing death and allowing the energy to dissipate. Before his heart is restarted, the comatose Bruce experiences one final vision of Darkseid and Metron:  Darkseid invites Bruce to embrace Anti-Life, and Metron urging him to dispel Darkseid by facing the first truth of Batman. Bruce recalls the night he first conceived of the identity of Batman [as seen in Batman:  Year One] when his faithful butler, Alfred Pennyworth, saved his life by stitching fatal wounds, and speaks the truth.  ie:  As much as Bruce has attempted to claim it, all during his crime-fighting career, the Batman has never been alone. Wayne awakens from the coma, purged of the radiation, and dons his cape and cowl once again, commenting that Gotham's disease has spread beyond its borders...and that once again, Batman is needed.

The story is followed by the events in Bruce Wayne: The Road Home, and then continues directly into issue 16 of Batman and Robin, in which Batman unites with Dick Grayson and Damian Wayne to stop Doctor Hurt, who is revealed to be possessed by the Hyper-Adapter after it was sent back in time (Also included in this torrent.)  Bruce accepts the current situations after the villains' defeat. The plotline then carries on into Batman Incorporated, where Bruce's realization that he is not alone inspires him to expand his crime-fighting operation and train new Batmen in countries all around the world.
				
NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
