Zero Hour:  Crisis in Time is a five-issue comic book limited series and crossover storyline published by DC Comics in 1994.  In it, the former hero Hal Jordan, who had until then been a member of the intergalactic police force known as The Green Lantern Corps, mad with grief after the destruction of his home town of Coast City (during the "Reign of the Supermen" storyline) and having obtained immense power as Parallax, attempted to destroy, and then remake, the DC Universe.  The crossover involved almost every DC Universe monthly series published at the time.  The issues of the series itself were numbered in reverse order, beginning with issue 4 and ending with 0.  The series was written and penciled by Dan Jurgens, with inks by Jerry Ordway.  This series is noted for its motif of the DC Universe gradually fading out as events reached their climax.

Zero Hour:  Crisis in Time was intended by DC as a belated follow-up to their landmark limited series Crisis On Infinite Earths, and was indeed subtitled (A) Crisis in Time.  It promised to do for the inconsistent future timelines of the DC Universe what Crisis had done for its parallel worlds:  unify them into a new one.

The story begins when characters from alternate realities such as Alpha Centurion, an alternate version of Batgirl, and Triumph, suddenly started appearing in the main DC Universe, to everybody's confusion.  This happens because time is being somehow compressed.  Then a wave of nothingness is seen moving from the end of time to its beginning, erasing entire historical ages in the process (an effect similar to the anti-matter wave that destroyed many universes in Crisis On Infinite Earths.)

The apparent villain of the story presented in the miniseries was a character named Extant, formerly Hawk of the duo Hawk and Dove (and a onetime Teen Titan.)  Extant had acquired temporal powers, using them to unravel the DC Universe's timeline.  In a confrontation with members of the Justice Society of America, Extant aged several of them (removing the effect that had kept these heroes of the 1940s vital into the 1990s,) leaving them either feeble or dead.  However, the true power behind the destruction of the universe, temporal rifts of entropy, turned out to be Hal Jordan.  Calling himself Parallax, Jordan had gone insane, and was now trying to remake the universe, undoing the events which had caused his breakdown and his own murderous actions.  The collective efforts of the other superheroes managed to stop Jordan/Parallax from imposing his vision of a new universe, and the timeline was recreated anew, albeit with subtle differences, after the young hero Damage, with help from the other heroes, triggered a new Big Bang.

This blanking out/recreation of the DC Universe was reflected in many of the tie-in issues; near the end of several of the tie-ins, the world began to disappear, and the last page of the book (or in some cases, several pages) had been left blank.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and of course the authors, artists and publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.