The Eternals are a fictional race of superhumans in the Marvel Comics universe.  They are described as an offshoot of the evolutionary process that created sentient life on Earth.  The original instigators of this process, the alien Celestials, intended the Eternals to be the defenders of Earth which leads to the inevitability of war against their destructive counterparts, The Deviants.  The Eternals (and The Deviants) were created by Jack Kirby, and both made their first appearance in The Eternals 1.  This fantastic series was published from July, 1976 ΓÇô January, 1978, with a King-Size Annual published in 1977.

The Eternals returned for a twelve-issue limited series in 1985, and a seven-issue series in 2006.  This humble torrent contains only the Volume 1, 20 issue series, edited, written and drawn by Jack Kirby.

The Eternals' saga was thematically similar to that of The New Gods.  But the series was also eventually cancelled without resolving many of its plots, particularly the Celestials' judgment over humanity.

Due to the cosmic energy that suffuses an Eternal's body and the nigh-unbreakable mental hold they have over their physiological processes, The Eternals Of Earth are effectively immortal.  They live for millennia; do not fatigue from physical exertion; are immune to disease and poison; and are unaffected by environmental extremes of cold and heat.  Most cannot be injured by conventional weaponry, and even if they somehow are, an Eternal can rapidly regenerate any damage as long as they are able to retain their mental hold over their bodies.

This same cosmic energy can be channeled for a number of superhuman abilities. All Eternals are potentially capable of:  superhuman strength; projecting concussive blasts, heat, and/or blinding flashes of energy from their eyes and hands; flight (and levitating others); reading/controlling minds; generating illusions; teleporting over vast distances (though most Eternals prefer not to use this ability as many find it uncomfortable, and it also greatly depletes their store of cosmic energy; transmuting objects; and force field generation.  In addition, groups of Eternals, as few as three at a time, can initiate a transformation into a gestalt being called, the Uni-Mind, a vastly powerful, psionic entity that contains the totality of the powers and abilities of all the beings that comprise it.

The Eternals cannot attack their Celestial Masters for any reason, whether they make a conscious decision to do so, or whether they are tricked into accidentally striking the beings.  Any such attempt shuts the body of the attacking Eternal down, and is implied to be an automatic defense mechanism of the Celestials' armor.  

Enjoy, and please seed.
