Follow my uploads here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

From humble backwater to medieval metropolis - build the city of your dreams!
Townsmen is back - and itΓÇÖs bigger, better and cuter than ever before! Experience this all-new entry to the popular series of medieval city-building and economic simulation games!

Play without ads and start with 250 Prestige!

Features:

    City-building gameplay set in medieval times
    Cute Townies and Townettes with their own daily routines
    Complex economy simulation and deep production chains
    Dozens of different town and production buildings
    Diverse scenarios and challenging tasks
    Unrestricted sandbox gameplay mode

Grow your tiny village to a grand medieval city with a thriving economy and happy Townies! From mining, logging and farming to the production of jewelry, tools and clothing ΓÇô a well managed economy is the key to success! Build churches, taverns and marketplaces for your Townies! Beautify your city with splendorous statues, magnificent monuments and lush parks and gardens. Watch adorable Townies scurry around on their daily routines and keep them happy and well-fed! Remember: only a happy Townie is a hard-working Townie!

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 18, 2012)

    Fixed some possible crashes (also related to save games)
    Fixed sound settings not saved correctly / getting mixed up
    Added possibility to delete save game (by long press)
    Improved path finding
    Several bug fixes and rebalancing for better game flow
    Earlier:
    Rebalanced food chain
    Fixed ΓÇ£rate meΓÇ¥ popup showing despite of having already rated
    Fixed taxman standing around and doing nothing
    Fixed bug with street costs not showing

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		