This is a very good anime.  It's a one-episode Japanese doujin anime, but also included in this torrent along with the OVA is the PV, a special short "episode", a music video, and a short video on theater etiquette (lol).


FROM WIKIPEDIA:
Kowarekake no Orgel is a one-episode Japanese doujin anime original video animation produced by ElectromagneticWave and directed by Keiichiro Kawaguchi.  It originally debuted on December 28, 2008 in the Comic Market 75 doujin convention. The official DVD version first released on December 31, 2009 in a limited first edition and special limited edition.  The OVA was adapted into a 34 minute film, released on September 9, 2010, which uses the original cast.  The movie also includes a 7 minute, 30 second side story not present in the original anime.

Kowarekake no Orgel begins in medias res with a look at the two main characters, Keiichiro and Flower, sitting in a van in the rain.  It then flashes back to the beginning, showing Keiichiro taking shelter from the rain near a trash heap next to which a small girl is sitting in a chair with a sunflower, unconscious.  After second thoughts he decides to pick her up and takes her to a technical specialist. The scene reveals that the girl is an older model of a popular line of service androids, called Parents, who is broken.  Because she is an older model, the specialist says she cannot be fixed, and provides Keiichiro with the necessary sticker to dispose of her.  Keiichiro leaves her among some junk in his house before going to sleep, intending to throw her out the following day.

During the night, the girl begins functioning and finds herself in a strange house with no memory of the past.  When Keiichiro comes downstairs the following morning, he finds her preparing breakfast.  He names her Flower after the sunflower she was holding when he found her.  It is revealed that evening, when Flower prepares the same meal for dinner as she had for breakfast, that Flower suffers from short-term memory loss, so Keiichiro buys her a diary which is used as the primary means of narration in the OVA.  Over the next several weeks Keiichiro begins to teach her about the world, and more indirectly about himself and his troubled past.


FILE INFO, BASIC:
  File type: Matroska (MKV)
  Length: 30 minutes (for the OVA)
  Language: Japanese audio, English subs
  Quality: 1080p


FILE INFO, AS DETECTED BY VLC:
  Stream 0
    Type: Video
    Codec: H264 - MPEG-4 AVC
    Language: Japanese
    Resolution: 1920x1080
    Frame rate: 23.976216
    Decoded format: Planar 4:2:0 YUV
  Stream 1
    Type: Audio
    Codec: MPEG AAC Audio
    Language: Japanese
    Channels: Stereo
    Sample rate: 48000 Hz
  Stream 2
    Type: Subtitle
    Codec: SubStation Alpha subtitles
    Language: English
    Description: ASS