Actors: Dean Cain, John Schneider, Elise Baughman, Gavin Casalegno
Directors: Mike Norris
Format: Color, NTSC
Language: English
Aspect Ratio: 1.77:1
Number of discs: 1
Rated: NR (Not Rated)
Studio: Echo Light
5 Doves: Dove approved
DVD Release Date: August 28, 2012


Duration:  1 hr 33 min 02 sec
Data Rate: 1101 kbps (ave)
Video Info: 512 x 384 23.976 fps
Aspect Ratio: 16:9 (TV) 24 Bits/Pixel
Audio Info: 48000 Hz, 192.0 kbps, stereo
Video Format: Codec: DX50 Name: DivX 5.x/6.x
Language: English
Subtitles: No

Promise, Texas, has lost all hope. Businesses are failing and the young people can't wait to grow up and move away. Just when things are at their darkest, a mysterious boy wanders out of the wilderness with nothing but the clothes on his back---and a very special message for the townspeople. But will they listen? Dove approved. 93 minutes. 

An unforgiving sun, a parched earth, and a failed economy have left a small Texas town desolate. For ten years Promise, Texas has known nothing but one curse after another. It’s barren, broken, and dying, leaving a town full of despair. When a couple finds a boy walking along a dusty road, alone in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but a mat tucked under his arm, they pick him up in hopes of helping him. What they don’t realize is that he has come to help them and the residents of Promise.

No one knows who he is or where he came from. Some think he’s an answer to prayer. Others think he’s a runaway or a false prophet. And the only thing this boy will say about himself is that he’s here to help. The town’s sheriff, Brody, is determined to uncover the truth. But Brody has his own problems…trying to hold a dying town together.

Miracle after miracle takes place and the residents of Promise embrace the boy. But when the beloved town doctor dies, it is time for the truth to be revealed. The boy pleads with Brody in front of the whole town to believe that he’s come to help, not to hurt anyone. Finally, with his back against the wall the boy reveals his true identity.
 
http://www.christianfilmdatabase.com/review/i-am-gabriel/
