Gnomoria is a sandbox village management game where you help lead a small group of gnomes, who have set out on their own, to thrive into a bustling kingdom! Anything you see can be broken down and rebuilt elsewhere. Craft items, build structures, set traps and dig deep underground in search of precious resources to help your gnomes survive the harsh lands. Build your kingdom and stockpile wealth to attract wandering gnomads to your cause, but be wary of also attracting enemies!

Changelog: 
"
Version 0.8.10
General:
   Added an option to toggle recording combat logs while training. Default is off
   Idle gnome count doesn't include sleeping gnomes

Art:
   Added training dummy sprite

Bug Fixes:
   Crash when sparring ends if the gnome had a job before being assigned to the training ground
   Items appearing on the map that can't be interacted with.
   Gnomads and goblins spawning inside walls
   Digging down into ore/gems/coal not properly udpating "outside" status
   Gnomes carrying a single pistol getting stuck
   Guard Areas becoming unassigned after loading
   Constructed walls disappearing when "Replace Wall" command is used on them
   Training ground squad positions not orienting with a rotated training ground
   Action bar not properly moving on resolution change
   Pistols drawing in the wrong hand
   Stocked and carried armor using stone instead of armor sprites


I didn't get a chance to fix very many bugs in the last patch, so I wanted to catch up a little this week.  The "ghost" items bug should be fixed now but old saves will still have the items that can't be interacted with.

For version 0.8.11, I'm going work on hospitals.  Severed limbs will stay severed, but broken limbs can be healed at the hospital.  There will also be a caretaker skill, so that gnomes without arms can be fed and bandaged by another gnome.  Prosthetics will come later on and will require a hospital as well. "

I will be seeding newer versions as they will be released so keep an eye out :)				