Adam Lashinsky - Inside Apple: How America's Most Admired--and Secretive--Company Really Works

96 kbps, Unabridged, Read by Adam Lashinsky

Overview
INSIDE APPLE reveals the secret systems, tactics and leadership strategies that allowed Steve Jobs and his company to churn out hit after hit and inspire a cult-like following for its products.

If Apple is Silicon Valley's answer to Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory, then author Adam Lashinsky provides readers with a golden ticket to step inside. In this primer on leadership and innovation, the author will introduce readers to concepts like the "DRI" (Apple's practice of assigning a Directly Responsible Individual to every task) and the Top 100 (an annual ritual in which 100 up-and-coming executives are tapped a la Skull & Bones for a secret retreat with company founder Steve Jobs).

Based on numerous interviews, the book offers exclusive new information about how Apple innovates, deals with its suppliers and is handling the transition into the Post Jobs Era. Lashinsky, a Senior Editor at Large for Fortune, knows the subject cold: In a 2008 cover story for the magazine entitled The Genius Behind Steve: Could Operations Whiz Tim Cook Run The Company Someday he predicted that Tim Cook, then an unknown, would eventually succeed Steve Jobs as CEO.

While Inside Apple is ostensibly a deep dive into one, unique company (and its ecosystem of suppliers, investors, employees and competitors), the lessons about Jobs, leadership, product design and marketing are universal. They should appeal to anyone hoping to bring some of that Apple magic to their own company, career, or creative endeavor.

From Barnes & Noble
Innovation, Steve Jobs often reminded us, is what distinguishes a leader from a follower. He also reminded, of course, that he—and Apple made mistakes: "I'm the only person I know that's lost a quarter of a billion dollars in one year." From such character-building mistakes, he and Apple developed into the world's most admired and, in some way, enigmatic company. In this secret-penetrating narrative, Fortune Senior Editor at Large Adam Lashinsky draws on scores of interviews to give outsiders their most comprehensive view yet of Apple's unique, thriving ecosystem.

— Alisa Schnaars

Publishers Weekly
Lashinsky, a Senior Editor-at-Large at Fortune magazine, investigates the core of Apple before, during, and after the reign of the late Steve Jobs, not only to discover how the company works and if its success can be replicated, but also to speculate about Apple's future. In a conversational style that pulls no punches, Lashinsky outlines salient factors that concurrently contribute to Apple's success and deviate from standard business practice. Apple's unique organizational structure places secrecy and detailed design at the fore while using a top-down management style which allows the entire company—including the upper echelon—to focus on creating and marketing elegant products. Apple eschews typical industry practices such as the principal of general management, transparency, or the use of focus groups—the lack of which, Lashinsky claims, sends the message: "We like the dog food so much we eat it ourselves. You won't be disappointed."—even to the point of favoring design over cost-effective production. Lashinsky compiles information about the notoriously secretive company from a variety of sources including media and interviews, though few of the interviewees agreed to be identified. Readers—especially entrepreneurs, technophiles, and businesspeople—seeking an inside peek at the world's most valuable company will find Lashinsky's investigation enthralling and enlightening.

Meet the Author
Lashinsky is a Senior Editor At Large for Fortune Magazine, where he covers technology and finance. He is also a Fox News contributor and frequent speaker and moderator. Prior to joining Fortune, Lashinsky was a columnist for TheStreet.com and the San Jose Mercury News. He lives in San Francisco with his wife and daughter.