For years many veterans have asked if an updated version of Kiss the Boys Goodbye could be issued with new material about the true outcome of the Senate Select Committee on POWs which examined all of the evidence regarding Vietnam POW/MIAs in the early nineties. This is the book.

As the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan seem to be winding down, for many it brings back memories of the Vietnam war, particularly on one issue: American policy on the rescue and negotiation for American prisoners. One current American POW of the Taliban, Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl stands as their symbol. Thousands of Vietnam veteran POW activists, led by Executive Director, Task Force Omega of KY Inc., Danny (“Greasy”) Belcher, Vietnam Infantry Sgt. 68-69 "D" Troop 7th Sqdn. 1st Air Cav( Ret.), worry that Bergdahl will suffer the fate of so many of their POW/MIA comrades from the war they sacrificed so much for – abandonment once the US leaves that theatre of war.

Kiss The Boys Goodbye convincingly shows that a legacy of shame remains from America’s ill-fated involvement in Vietnam even though that conflict ended over 35 years ago. Until US government policy on POW/MIAs changes, it remains one of the most crucial issues for any American soldier who fights for home and country, particularly when we are engaged with an enemy who doesn't adhere to the international standards for the treatment of prisoners -- or any American hostage - as the graphic video of Daniel Pearl’s decapitation on various Jihad websites bears out. As the authors of Kiss The Boys Goodbye point out, videos of Sergeant Bergdahl's captors graphically illustrate the distinct possibility that Bergdahl could suffer the same fate as Daniel Pearl.
In this explosive book, Monika Jensen-Stevenson and William Stevenson provide startling evidence that American troops were left in captivity in Indochina, victims of their government's abuse of secrecy and power. The book not only delves into the world of official obstruction, missing files, censored testimony and the pressures brought to bear on witnesses ready to tell the truth, it reveals the trauma on patriotic families torn apart by a policy that, at first, seemed unbelievable to them.
First published in 1990, Kiss The Boys Goodbye has become a classic on the subject. This new edition features an afterword, which fills in the news on the latest verifiable scandal produced by the Senate Select Committee on POWs. The reason it has taken so long to bring out this second edition, which was produced and briefly available in 1999, the publishers leave to the reader’s imagination. 