Acrylic Innovation: Styles and Techniques Featuring 64 Visionary Artists
by Nancy Reyner
North Light Books | October 2010 | 144 Pages | ISBN: 1600618642 | ePUB/PDF | 13/14 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Acrylic-Innovation-Techniques-Featuring-Visionary/dp/1600618642
PDF conversion is mine.

Acrylic is often used as a substitute for oil paint or watercolor, but the real gold mine is in allowing the medium freedom to do what it does best. This book shows how today’s artists are doing exactly that. It’s loaded with original artwork and valuable insight from 64 artists, incredibly diverse in styles and subjects, each using acrylic in unique ways to create expressive and personal art.

· 64 artists offer their individual ideas, approaches and inspirations for working with acrylic paints
· 29 styles, ranging from photorealism to minimal color field and everything in between, are explored through artist profiles, artwork and boundary-breaking “challenges” that provide dynamic starting points for your own art
· 29 step-by-step demonstrations illustrate acrylic-driven techniques you can take straight to your work, including collage and assemblage, reverse painting, printmaking, accidental stenciling, working with metallic mixtures and more

A follow-up to the best-selling Acrylic Revolution, Acrylic Innovation takes you outside your comfort zone. Dip in whenever you feel the urge to experiment, have fun and see fresh and exciting results.

About the Author
Nancy Reyner is a painter of more than 30 years experience who exhibits, lectures and teaches internationally. Nancy received a BFA from the Rhode Island School of Design, MFA from Columbia University, and currently lives in Santa Fe, New Mexico. From creating costumes and sets for theater and film to coordinating public arts programs for the state of New York, Nancy has had a wide-ranging career in the arts, all of which inform her work. Her position as technical consultant for the acrylic paint company Golden Artist Colors, Inc. allows her the opportunity to use the latest in acrylic paint technology to create original and unique effects in her paintings.Nancy Reyner is a painter with more than 30 years experience as technical consultant for the acrylic paint company Golden Artist Colors, Inc. She is also the author of the best-selling Acrylic Revolution and appeared in the video Nancy Reyner's Acrylic Revolution: Watercolor and Oil Effects.