Ashli Orion pushed to the edge, Deep throated, fucked, tickled, made to squirt! Sexual overload | Ashli Orion | Matt 

Williams
            
October 24, 2012


MP4 only.


Welcome back Ashli Orion to Sexually Broken! Ashli is an 
honest to goodness sweetheart. The very typical girl next 
door. We love sexually destroying sweethearts, they look so 
hot when they are broken like that.

Bound, with legs spread open and head hanging back over a bed, 
Ashli finds herself completely exposed and helpless from the 
start. Her hair is tied down, she is unable to look up, she 
has no idea what is going to happen to her. We start with 
severe tickling. Ashli bucks, screams and begs for it to stop, 
but we don't let up. Ashli laughs uncontrollably, she cannot 
catch her breath. 

The tickling is replaced with a vibrator and within seconds 
Ashli is cumming! The orgasms we rip from her helpless body 
send her into subspace, she is loopy and pliable. With her 
head tied back and hardly able to catch her breath, we move 
quickly and jam the hard cock all the way down Ashli's pretty 
little helpless mouth. She can do nothing to move her head. 
She knows a brutal skull fucking is coming, she also knows 
that she is helpless to prevent the cock from deep throating 
her further into subspace. Soon she is gone, her brain driven 
into survival mode. All she knows is the cock. The cock fucks 
her face like it's a wet pussy. Deep spittle coats her face, 
plugs her nose and coats her eyes. She fights for air, she 
endures. 

Now deep into subspace, with a every hole dripping some form 
of liquid, we bind Ashli's legs up and fuck her wet pussy with 
hard cock. Within seconds she is cumming again. Still unable 
to move her head she moans and screams as we fuck the orgasms 
right out of her. We pull out and finger blast her to a brutal 
squirting orgasm. Her brain flashes, she is broken. We leave 
her in the glow of what happened, she awaits our return in the 
dark, surrendering herself completely to us.

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_24ashli3/SexuallyBroken-Ashli-Orion-Matt-Williams-Ashli-Orion-pushed-to-the-edge-Deep-throated-fucked-tickled-made-to-squirt-Sexual%20overload.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

