"FEAR THE WOODSMAN" A Hardtied feature fantasy presentation staring Rain DeGrey | Rain DeGrey

October 17, 2012


WMV only.


Welcome to an installment of the Hardtied feature movie 
series. These movies are real life fantasies of the very girls 
that appear in the film, played out in a safe, sane 
environment for your viewing pleasure. This weeks offering is 
"Fear The Woodsman" starring Rain DeGrey.

Early one summers morning in Catskills of New York, someone's 
mom is on her way to her yoga class. Nothing ever happens in 
this small community, every day begins and ends the same, 
every day that is until this day... A flat tire, an open door, 
the beeping of the car, a purse in the middle of the road. A 
hot MILF bound in the back of a black Toyota Tundra, massive 
breasts bound with evil bailing twine. A brutal wooden gag, 
safety glasses, taped up hands. A hunt! 

Within minutes the Woodsman has his prey, within seconds this 
hot MILF is finger blasted, the result being a screaming, 
squirting orgasm. An orgasm so hard and unexpected that our 
big titted mom is shocked that someone could make her cum so 
fast and so hard. The Woodsman drips her squirt into her own 
mouth and the day is on.

Bound to a falling sapling by her huge tits, our sexy big 
titted mom is helpless. Heavy rocks are tied off and hung from 
her huge nipples and the back of her legs and calves are 
severely caned. She cries out in pain but there is no one for 
miles and miles, there will be no heroic rescue, no one to 
come and help her. Her legs are bound up, and the Woodsman and 
his hard dick step in to administer a new torment. She is 
completly helpless as the cock easily slides into her wet 
pussy, he bears down, she cums again and again. 

In the late morning she finds herself bound to a home made "H" 
Frame by a pond. Her huge breasts once again cruelly bound. 
The Woodsman approaches, his hard cock leading the way. He 
stands before her and she knows what she must do. The cock 
slides deep into her throat, fucks her throat like a cock 
would fuck a pussy. Never stopping, deeper and deeper, it's 
all most impossible to breathe, the cock goes deeper all the 
way down her throat. She fights for air. Faster, harder, her 
mouth is fucked. She goes into survival mode stealing gulps of 
air when she can. The throat fucking is brutal but it turns 
her on, she wonders why she is enjoying this. She is 
completely at his mercy now, mentally and physically. 

Late afternoon and it's time for a walk through the woods. He 
pulls her around the beautiful pond, stopping occasionally to 
get his hard cock sucked. She is led to a shovel, and told to 
dig. What is the hole for, and why does it have to be so big? 
She is now terrified. Why is she digging? What is going to 
happen...?

Screens 
http://www.hardtied.com/hogtied/bondage/2012/10_17rain6/Hardtied-Rain-DeGrey-Matt-Williams-FEAR-THE-WOODSMAN-A-Hardtied-feature-fantasy-presentation-staring-Rain-DeGrey.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

