
 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Chuck Missler

Volume 5
Inheritance & Rewards - Whole Counsel of God

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Inheritance & Rewards - Whole Counsel of God


Description:

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Inheritance & Rewards - Whole Counsel of God

Description:

Inheritance and Rewards

Are all believers going to be equal in heaven? Wasn't it all decided at the cross? Is there a difference between overcoming sin and bearing fruit?

Inheritance came to the firstborn son by virtue of his birth. Whether he actually secured it depended upon his obedience and the father's choice. Inheritance was subject to condition and obedience. The Abrahamic Inheritance was based on Divine Oath, conditioned on obedience.

Inheritances could be forfeited. The Exodus Generation was promised an inheritance, but failed to obtain it at Kadesh -Barnea. Israel was God's "firstborn son", yet only 2 of over 2 million took possession of their inheritance. Even Moses was excluded due to his disobedience. Esau, sold his inheritance for a bowl of pottage.

We have been promised an inheritance in the Kingdom to come. But is there more that is required of us than just our acceptance? Does behavior in this life really influence our future?

This study contains 2 hours of teachings


Description:

The Whole Counsel of God


Our Lord repeatedly instructed us: "Be not deceived." That is an imperative: a command, not simply a suggestion. But how? What are the tools to prevent our being deceived or misled?

The context of a passage is always a primary consideration in the search for understanding of a passage of Scripture. It is often cited, "A verse out of context is a pretext." And, indeed, one must always maintain an awareness of both who is doing the speaking and the audience being addressed. However, this foundational emphasis can also be a restrictive blindfold to some of a passage's deeper (and broader) implications.


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 


