Hetman FAT Recovery

Supporting all versions and revisions of the FAT file system, Hetman FAT Recovery can recover files from USB flash drives, all types of memory cards, hard disks and other types of storage media as long as they bear FAT, FAT16 or FAT32. Hetman FAT Recovery can recover files and folders from formatted, repartitioned, corrupted and inaccessible drives – or perform a quick and simple undelete on photos, music and videos kept on a hard disk, flash drive, or stored in your digital camera or MP3 player.

Supporting all versions of the FAT file system, Hetman FAT Recovery can recover disks and flash drives formatted with all versions of Windows up to the latest Windows 7, restore information from memory cards used in compact and SLR digital cameras, and recover data from MP3 players connected to your computer via a USB cable.

Hetman FAT Recovery features a number of convenience tools making the recovery as easy as one-two-three. The fully guided step-by-step wizard takes you through the whole recovery process with no sweat. The available pre-recovery preview instantly displays the content of recoverable files in ‘live’ mode – before you even save them.

At the same time, Hetman FAT Recovery features the most comprehensive file recovery algorithms, sharing its data recovery engine with one used in the much more expensive, top-of-the-line product. The proprietary signature-search algorithm analyzes the entire content of the drove being recovered in order to locate all recoverable files and folders. By reading the entire drive instead of just the file system, Hetman FAT Recovery can reliably locate and extract more files than competing undelete tools.

Thanks to its highly sophisticated file recovery engine, Hetman FAT Recovery can easily recover files from formatted and repartitioned hard disks, undelete files and folders from healthy and damaged media, and extract pictures, videos, music, documents and many other types of files from corrupted, damaged and inaccessible USB flash drives and memory cards such as SD, microSD, SDHC/SDXC, Compact Flash, SONY Memory Stick and many others. You can store files being recovered on another (healthy) disk, burn to CD/DVD or use FTP upload to store them to a remote location.

Hetman FAT Recovery can reliably recover information from hard drives with missing or altered partition structures, restore data from drives with damaged master boot record (MBR), reconstructing the original file and folder structure. If you need a complete solution to recover lost data from flash media, Hetman FAT Recovery represents the best value.

Features:

Undeletes files of any type from disks formatted with FAT, FAT16 and FAT32;

Recovers information from formatted, repartitioned, damaged, corrupted and inaccessible storage media (FAT, FAT16 and FAT32 volumes only);

Delivers the best value by concentrating its efforts on the FAT family of file systems;

Recovers documents, archives, pictures, music and videos as well as hundreds of other file types;

Previews recoverable files before recovery in ‘live’ mode;

Accesses affected volumes in read-only mode to deliver safe and fool-proof operation;

Undeletes files cleared Recycle Bin;

Undeletes files deleted with “Shift”+”Del”;

Recovers information from digital cameras, mobile phones, portable MP3 players and other devices connected via a USB cable;

Recovers data after Quick Format (all versions of Windows) and Full Format (in all versions of Windows before Vista) on FAT/FAT16/FAT32 volumes;

Recovered information can be saved onto another disk or partition, stored on a CD/DVD or uploaded to an FTP server;

Perfect usability with step-by-step wizards, Explorer-like user interface complete with searching and filtering;

Supports all versions of FAT including VFAT, FAT16, FAT32 including long file names;

Scans the entire flash drive or memory card for recoverable information;

Supports built-in and external hard disks, USB flash drives and all types of memory cards including SD, microSD, SDHC, SDXC, CompactFlash, SONY MemoryStick etc.

Supported OS:

All versions of the FAT file system and all 32-bit and 64-bit builds of Windows are supported including the latest Windows 7.

Homepage: http://hetmanrecovery.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
