SysTweak Regclean Pro 6.21.65.2436 | 4.2 Mb

Fix your slow PC, eliminate registry errors and improve your PC performance easily with Regclean Pro.

If you are experiencing the following problems, your PC’s registry may be damaged:
Your PC is relatively new but its performance drags
You get random Blue screens (BSODs)
Your PC freezes frequently
Your PC crashes without any reason
You get common Windows errors
Programs open slowly and hang repeatedly

Registry is a critical part of Windows. Since the registry is in constant use due to regular PC usage, it can get cluttered over time. Installing and removing software regularly and even moving and accessing data on the PC creates more and more registry entries, thereby increasing its size and deteriorating the systems performance. 

Regclean Pro cleans such invalid registry errors using its advanced scan engine. It not only fixes invalid registry entries, it also defragments the registry, keeping it streamlined for smoother system performance. You don’t have to be a computer expert to use this Regclean Pro. The interface makes it easy to fix all registry errors easily and quickly even for novice users.

Registry cleaners should be used on a regular basis to remove obsolete and invalid entries from the Windows registry. The advanced scan engine of Regclean Pro detects and fixes invalid registry entries automatically with a few simple clicks. 

• Faster system speed 

Cleaning invalid registry errors increases application response times. This results in faster access to programs and applications. 

• Smooth operation 

An uncluttered registry enhances overall system performance and results in an over smoother system performance.

• A more stable system 

Regularly fixing registry errors minimizes random system crashes, BSODs and frequent runtime errors. This provides a more stable environment to work in. 

• Fewer error messages 

To prevent common Windows error messages, it is recommended to clean the registry from time to time. 

• Safe and reliable 

Regclean Pro provides complete undo functionality. A full backup of the registry is taken before fixing registry errors so changes can be reversed, if required.

Home Page - http://www.systweak.com/RegistryCleaner/Overview/



