Unleash the drive within when you take on the high-performance adrenaline-pumping speedster called the Porsche. Need for Speed: Porsche Unleashed by Electronic Arts pits you behind the wheels of over 80 of Porsche's classic and state-of-the-art models (from the 356 to the 2000 911 Turbo), where you'll maneuver through the twists and turns of European open roads.

Among the features are the following: a career mode from Porsche's 50-year history (Evolution Mode); a Factory Driver Mode that's mission-based; improved road handling with a new four-point physics model; 14 courses with five circuit courses, branching paths, and nine European open roads.

Other highlights include crashes, extra traffic, a new graphics engine, twists and turns, jumps, replays, four camera angles, adjustable visual options (detail, wide-angle view, screen size, lighting effects, rendering, distance, headlights, lens flare, and gamma correction), and audio options (music, sound, speech, world sounds, quality, 3D audio, and engine volume). The game even lets you use your car's signals, horn, hand brakes, headlights, and hazard lights.

The Factory Driver Mode consists of receiving assignments, reviewing course layouts, and adjusting vehicle settings such as transmission, ABS, traction control, roof, and damage. It also allows viewing of team profiles or bios of each racer in the game. Evolution Mode is a one-player career mode that lets you compete in three eras spanning the company's 50-year history, beginning in the Classic Era.

In the Garage Screen you'll get to check out the cars you own, perform maintenance, buy and sell cars, and more. From there, the Porsche Center Screen gives you the option to: select the interior and exterior color of your car(s); test drive it; do a car comparison; access the showcase for details on the car; and ultimately purchase your desired vehicle. Get a used car from the Used Cars Screen and even purchase and install parts for it. If it's damaged, take it to the Repair Screen and take a look at the efficiency percentage of each part before repairing it. Then you might want to enter the Paint Shop Screen where you can choose body type, interior color, two-digit decal numbers -- even choose from a selection of trim design packages.

Ready to race? Choose either the Quick Race Mode or Quick Knockout Mode. The difference is that the Knockout Mode takes place on circuit tracks and when a driver finishes in last place, he's removed until a single driver remains.

Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed Minimum System Rquirements

OS: Windows 95/98
Processor: Pentium @ 200 MHz
Memory: 32 Mb
Hard Drive: 150 Mb free
Video Memory: 4 Mb
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
Keyboard
Mouse
DVD Rom Drive


Need for Speed Porsche Unleashed Recommended System Requirements

OS: Windows 95/98
Processor: Pentium 2 @ 300 MHz
Memory: 64 Mb
Hard Drive: 625 Mb free
Video Memory: 8 Mb
Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
Keyboard
Mouse
DVD Rom Drive

Instruction

Go through the Readme txt carefully. Detailed description given there.

Works on win 7 x86 & x 64