 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 68 - The Green Swindle & The Church of Global Warming





POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 68 - The Green Swindle & The Church of Global Warming



POtHS Comment:  Global warming from CO2 is a lie. Plants need CO2 to make Oxygen. The more CO2 there is in the air, the bigger the plants grow and the more O2 they make which makes everything breathing air healthier. Duhhhhh It is called Photosynthesis, it is 4 grade science. Will they quit putting CO2 in Soda Drinks to save the Planet??? NO

Description:

Fox News - The Green Swindle, How Environmentalism Turned Into Fear-Mongering:
Now liberals have told us for years that if we don't adopt their policies and give them more control over our lives, environmental Armageddon will be just around the bend. Now they say science is on their side and there's nothing left to debate.

Tonight we will expose some glaring errors in this so-called science and show you how scientists, politicians and big business have turned global warming hysteria into a multi-billion dollar industry.

But first how environmentalism turned into fear-mongering over the climate. And we start at the beginning of The Green Swindle.

Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/hannity/transcript/green-swindle-how-environmentalism-turned-fear-mongering#ixzz1taBj6epa


Church of Global Warming:
A comprehensive review of the science, politics and economics of Global Warming, as Patrice Lewis contends theory can only be believed on faith, not facts.  These guys apparently weren’t hamstrung by the Scientific Method, which has the audacity to suggest that the process of establishing a theory (such as global warming) be “objective to reduce biased interpretations of the results. Another basic expectation is to document, archive and share all data and methodology so they are available for careful scrutiny by other scientists, thereby allowing other researchers the opportunity to verify results by attempting to reproduce them. This practice, called ‘full disclosure,’ also allows statistical measures of the reliability of these data to be established.”

Unencumbered by such quaint scientific protocol, these guys knew the raw data they obtained were an inconvenient truth, so they “lost” them. These “scientists” were determined to prove global warming by faith alone, not by any credible methodology or empirical evidence.


Shorts
Signs of the Times
SIN-ister Clips
The Holy Spirit