Daily Warm-Ups: Reading, Grade 3
by Shelle Russell
Teacher Created Resources (May 12, 2006) ISBN-10: 1420634895 PDF 176 pages 18.9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Daily-Warm-Ups-Reading-Grade-3/dp/1420634895

The goal of this book is to help children improve their skills in both reading and comprehension on a daily basis. The more experience a child has with reading, the stronger his or her reading and problem-solving skills will become. Daily Warm Ups: Reading (Grade 3) is composed of passages that provide both factual and fictional material. Questions that follow are based on BloomΓÇÖs Taxonomy, higher-level thinking skills, and national standards that are required for grade three learners. Using this book in your daily routine will boost childrenΓÇÖs reading and comprehension scores significantly.

Nonfiction and Fiction
Daily Warm-Ups: Reading (Grade 3) is divided into two sections: fiction (narrative) and non-fiction (expository). Each of the two sections is divided into five categories. The nonfiction section includes the following: animals, biographies, American history, science, and current events. The fiction section includes the following: fairy tales and folklore, historical fiction, contemporary realistic fiction, mystery/adventure/suspense, and fantasy. Because understanding both types of literature is extremely important to our studentsΓÇÖ success, exposure to both fiction and nonfiction reading is essential. Questions which follow the passages are strategically written to address concepts and strategies that are required nationwide.

Comprehension Questions
Comprehension is the most important goal of any reading assignment. Students who comprehend what they read perform better in class, score higher on tests, and perform tasks in life more confidently. Questions that follow the reading passages are written to encourage students to recognize structure of the text, visualize, summarize, learn new vocabulary, and implement strategies for breaking words into parts for better comprehension. Reading skills used in Daily Warm-Ups: Reading (Grade 3) can also be found in scope and sequence charts across the nation. Different types of questions are written to help students become more confident.

Readability
Each of the reading passages in Daily Warm-Ups: Reading (Grade 3) varies in difficulty to meet the various reading levels of your students. The passages have been categorized as follows: below grade level, at grade level, and above grade level.