ChordWizard Songtrix Gold

ChordWizard Songtrix - a revolutionary platform for musical creativity without looking back. Songtrix support musicians and composers such as flexible and open way, like a word processor supports writers.

Automatic Styles

With styles, Songtrix can turn a simple chord sequence into professional arrangements for backing tracks, improvisation practice or rapid composition.

A diverse set of musical styles is supplied, and these can be mixed across tracks for literally millions of style combinations!

You can use substyles with Intro, Fill-In and Ending patterns to create rich and seamless performances of the finished work.

The process is flexible and transparent, so you can choose which parts of the song will use styles, and see the musical events that Songtrix generates.

You can progressively override and customize style events to get exactly the sound you are looking for.

Compose Yourself

Songtrix is also a blank canvas for developing your own musical themes. Use the rich palette of musical events to produce your original compositions or arrangements from scratch.

Audition and select chords from the menu, then design your own rhythms to play them with.

Tracks can split into repeating segments to automatically propagate your drum and rhythm patterns throughout the song.

Take full control of the creative process by adding and editing musical events within Songtrix, or with an attached Midi keyboard (or other instrument).

You can easily apply playing techniques - such as sustain, slide, pitch bend and vibrato - to achieve a stunningly realistic performance.

Staff Notation

Songtrix generates and displays staff notation automatically, continuously and accurately as you work. You can instantly switch between the different views of your song, even during playback.

This improves your sight-reading skills, and ensures that you can effectively communicate your work to others, regardless of your scoring ability.

Songtrix provides many options for compilation and placement of staff symbols, so your song contains the visual layout of the music as well as the precise performance.

Staff notation can be printed for complete musical scores or for individual parts separately. Other printed formats are also available, such as lyric sheets or lead sheets with lyrics and chords.

System Minimum Requirements

Windows	XP, Vista or 7
Processor: Pentium 4 @ 1.5 GHz
Memory: 512 MB
Disk Space: 50 MB free
Screen: 16-bit color, 800x600 resolution
Sound Card: All supported

Homepage: http://www.chordwizard.com/songtrix.aspx

Installation Instructions:

1. Temporarily disconnect internet.
2. Install Program, use given key during installation.
3. Run application, Block program thru firewall to access internet.
4. Done, Enjoy.