Crow 1.0.1 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$9.99
Category: Games
Updated: Sep 19, 2012
Version: 1.0.1
Size: 411 MB
Language: English
Seller: Sunside, Inc.
© 2012 Sunside Inc.
Rated 9+ for the following:
Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence
Infrequent/Mild Horror/Fear Themes
Requirements: OS X 10.7 or later, 64-bit processor


Description

Crow is the critically acclaimed, story-driven action-adventure developed by Sunside. Combining unique exploration, combat, and game mechanics, Crow takes the player on an exciting journey to faraway lands where an ancient battle is unfolding. Your choices will forever alter the course of this world. Will you Curse your foes or Spare them and risk the consequences?

Now available with new high resolution graphics and advanced rendering features designed specifically for the MacBook Air and new line of Apple laptops!

Created using Sunside's in-house game platform Radiance™, Crow delivers stunning visuals and immersion in a fully 3D world.

★★★Beautiful New Graphics Effects Designed For Apple Laptops!★★★
★★★Remastered Soundtrack Exclusively For The Mac!★★★
★★★Featured Game and iPad game of the week in 6 countries!★★★


Featuring:
● Full support for OSX 10.8 & Game Center
● Immersive story line
● Meaningful player choice
● Stunning 3D graphics
● Visceral combat
● Sweeping musical score

Requirements:
● Requires 0SX 10.7 or later
● Supports all Apple Laptops & iMacs (2009 and newer)

Recommended hardware:
● Plays best with a mouse

Reviews:
★ "It's rare to find such a compelling mix of 3D graphics, story and action-adventure gameplay." - Apple - Editor's Choice
★ "Crow is a game that beckons you to take a flight through the dark side in an adventure that lets you choose your own path." - PC Magazine - The 25 Best iPhone Games - The 50 Best iPad Games
★ "Crow could be the greatest iPhone game I’ve ever played." - Kotaku - Gaming App of the Day
★ "Some of the best visuals the iPhone has to offer." - Appolicious Advisor - 5/5 Stars ★★★★★
★ "An Immensely Captivating Dark Adventure for iOS" - Mactrast.com - 4/5 Stars ★★★★
★ "Crow's world is definitely one of the most compelling I've visited on iOS." - iFanzine - 4/5 ★★★★


Tech Support:
If you have any issues with Crow, please check out our Support page for known solutions. If you don't see your answer, please email us and we will try to solve your issue promptly. Thank you!


What's New in Version 1.0.1

● Improved external monitor support
● Fixed crashes related to use of Qt
● Additional keyboard support: Spacebar to Cast Spells and use the Bird's Eye View
● Refined gameplay and object placement