SynaptiCAD

SynaptiCAD was founded by electrical engineers to create design tools that helped engineers think critically about their designs. Being engineers themselves, they were frustrated by having to almost complete a design before being able to get simulation results. Our founders decided that there must be a better approach for interacting with design tools and from this simple idea they created SynaptiCAD, a company that creates "tools for the thinking mind". This idea permeates all of our tool interfaces. With SynaptiCAD's tools you are able to begin analyzing and simulating design ideas right away without having to complete an entire circuit model or schematic. Our tools automatically handle many of the minor details involved in the design effort, leaving you more time to focus on the bigger picture.

Want a powerful, yet easy to use simulation environment? 

SynaptiCAD's simulation and debugging tools provide a standard interface for controlling all of your simulation tools. SnaptiCAD's timing diagram editors have the most extensive and accurate timing analysis features available in any timing diagram editor on the market including delay correlation,reconvergent fan-out, and clocks that model jitter and buffer delays. Three different levels of editing let you pick the best price and feature set for your application. Free yourself from the time-consuming process of manually writing Verilog, VHDL, and SystemC testbenches. Generate them graphically from timing diagrams.SynaptiCAD provides 3 levels of test bench generation to meet all your design needs. SynaptiCAD offers support for the latest test equipment and emulation technologies allowing you to port your simulation and timing analysis data to your prototyping environment. 

Supported OS: 

Windows XP, Vista, Win7, Win8

Homepage: http://www.syncad.com/index.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program
- Register with given licence file.
- Done, Enjoy.

Have A Nice Day

Note: Uploader is only responsible if any problem in torrent, never responsible for software functionality problems.
