#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	01-06-13
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	Helaine Olen, Open Lines

In this special program, George Noory and a cavalcade of guests celebrated George's 10th anniversary at the helm of Coast to Coast AM, along with Open Lines callers. Well wishers in the first hour included Julie Talbott, the President of Premiere Networks, and Katherine Albrecht who read a poem she wrote for the occasion-- "George, we know you're too humble to boast, but you're our favorite radio host. You've pickled our ears for 10 excellent years..." Ian Punnett popped in identifying himself as a "longtime listener, first time caller." There were also greetings from Dr. Leonard Coldwell, Stanton Friedman (George's 1st radio interview at age 21), Lee Speigel, Gerald Celente: "From coast to coast, millions of people rely on gentleman George Noory," and David Blume.

George shared some of his personal history and background, including his out-of-body experience at a young age that sparked his interest in the paranormal, his early days as a radio host in St. Louis, and his first Coast show filling in for Ian Punnett on April 28, 2001. When he was filling in for Art, who was plagued by back problems, George would sometimes get the call the late in the day, and first do his show in St. Louis, and then host Coast back-to-back.

Christian Wilde told George that in honor of his anniversary, he had planted 100 palm trees in the Las Vegas desert, but George would have to water them Monday through Friday. Stan Deyo, Capt. Kelly Sweeney, William Henry, Rick McCallum, Catherine Austin Fitts, Joshua P. Warren, LA Marzulli, Kevin Mitnick, and Joseph Jacobs shared their best wishes.

Also calling in were Mike Bara, Glynis McCants, Ed Dames, Rob Simone, Dr. Bruce Goldberg, John Hogue, Dannion Brinkley, Brooks Agnew, Mish Shedlock, George Knapp, Whitley & Anne Strieber, Steve Carr, John B. Wells, John Rhodes, Dr. Sky, Richard C. Hoagland, Lynne McTaggart, Dr. John Apsley, and St. Louis singer Johnny Rose.
The Finance Advice Industry

In the first hour, journalist Helaine Olen talked about the ineptitude and self-serving advice doled out by the Personal Finance Industry, and how many respected financial gurus have given out less-than-helpful investment tips. One problem she noted, is that one size fits all advice doesn't work, as people have unique situations and issues. Student loans could be the next financial bubble to collapse, as students have taken out a massive amount of debt, she commented. Olen also cited an interesting statistic-- the astrologer Linda Schurman has a better track record of picking out stocks than CNBC's Abby Joseph Cohen.

News segment guest: Lauren Weinstein
Website(s):

    helaineolen.com

Book(s):

    Pound Foolish: Exposing the Dark Side of the Personal Finance Industry

