Gear up as a member of the Umbrella Security Service and battle against all of the forces at play in Raccoon City. YouΓÇÖll come face-to-face with horrifying Resident Evil enemies like hunters and lickers as you navigate the Raccoon City Streets in search of your targets which include series icons like Claire Redfield and Leon S. Kennedy.

Features:
Experience the Fear: Set in the terrifying world of Resident Evil
Three Corner Conflict: Zombies and Bio-Organic Weapons (B.O.Ws) create an unpredictable third force that leaves the battlefield in chaos
Campaign Mode: Both single player and up to 4 player co-op: You are part of the Umbrella Security Service. Protect the truth behind Raccoon CityΓÇÖs downfall by any means necessary
Competitive Multiplayer: Bring the fight online in 4v4 competitive multiplayer modes such as Team Attack, Biohazard, Survivors, and Heroes Mode
Define your Play Style: Gain new abilities and skills unique to your playable character as your experience level increases
International Team Development: a fully loaded, third person co-op / multiplayer shooter developed in collaboration between Capcom Japan development studios and an experienced Western multiplayer specialist studio

RELEASE NOTES: 
It is September 1998 and the action focuses on the ill-fated Raccoon 
City and the horrific consequences of the deadly T-virus outbreak, 
developed at the Umbrella facility. With a cover up required, Umbrella 
orders an elite team into Raccoon City to destroy all evidence of the 
outbreak and eliminate any survivors. Meanwhile, the US Government has 
quarantined the city and dispatched its own team of elite soldiers to 
determine the source of the mysterious outbreak. 
You are an Umbrella Security Services soldier (U.S.S.), competing alone 
or in up to four player co-op in a battle against all the competing 
forces at play in Raccoon City. Expect the return of original Resident 
Evil enemies, iconic landmarks such as the Raccoon City Police 
Department and fan favorite characters, including Leon S. Kennedy, who, 
as a rookie police officer in Raccoon City, is on your hit list to 
eliminate. 
Experience the Fear: Set in the terrifying world of Resident Evil 

Three Corner Conflict: Bio-Organic Weapons (B.O.W)and zombies create 
an unpredictable third force and additional challenge on the 
battlefield, adding chaos to the shooter game play. 

Campaign Mode - both single player and up to 4 player co-op: You are 
part of the Umbrella Security Service. Protect the truth behind the 
T-Virus outbreak by any means necessary. 
Fight Online: Robust and fully featured online multiplayer modes 

Define your Play Style: Gain new abilities and skills unique to your 
playable character as your experience level increases. 
International Team Development: a high quality, fully loaded, third 
person co-op / multiplayer shooter developed in collaboration between 
Capcom Japan development studios and an experienced Western multiplayer
specialist studio. 
INSTALL NOTES 
1. Install 
2. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation 
3. Play the game 
4. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy! 
ADDITIONAL NOTES: 

You need to make an offline Games For Windows Live profile, for being 
able to load/save. 