From "The Belgian Pop & Rock Archives"The group was formed in 1979 with Geert Vanroelen (brother of Jan Vanroelen, who is known as David Salomon in the band Arbeid Adelt!), Kloot Per W (formerly with The Misters), Karel Theys, Jo Moens & Dirk Debraekeleer.

Their range of styles varied from ska to punk to pop music. Their debut single "Pick It Up", immediately became an underground hit (over 5,000 copies, which was a lot those days) and led them to the final of the Rock Rally edition 1980. In Wit-Lof from Belgium, the song was described as being "ska at the speed of sound". The Offspring, a reknowned American punk band in the nineties, would later incorporate a lot of ideas from "Pick It Up" into their song "Don't Pick It Up" on the CD "Ixnay on the Hombre", but it didn't come to a lawsuit.
 
After this initial success, they performed a lot of live gigs, or as it is narrated in "Wit-lof From Belgium", "Organized chaos". As their cynical frontman Geert Vanroelen said, "Our songs and visual acts are comments on aspects of living in a society we gladly fail to understand".

After a second single "Do The Standing Still" (again with cover art by Hergé-adept Ever Meulen) and a complete album, the disorganization of the group took its toll and they disbanded in 1983.

In 1993, the group had a reunion (although the lineup had changed since a decade earlier: Michel Decoster (of de Mens) now was on bass). Together, they recorded a full cd called "Radio Debris". From the record two singles were taken : "Rock'n Roll" and "Fire Brigade" (although I think both songs were bad choices : the best track on the album is the much happier sounding track "Diane").

A1 Romantic 3:15	
A2 The Laura's & The Carols 3:26	
A3 Sex & Violence 2:57	
A4 Good Enough 2:31	
A5 Do The Standing Still 3:02	
B1 Hey Ronny 3:00	
B2 I Hate Children 3:09	
B3 Brussels Is Love 3:25	
B4 Light Of My Life 3:02	
B5 Tension 3:13

Acoustic Guitar – Luk Vandebon
Bass – Karel Theys
Brass – Marcel Pieters
Drums – Zen (9)
Engineer – Chris Ramon*
Guitar, Vocals – Kloot Per W
Guitar, Vocals, Piano – Dirk Debraekeleer
Producer – Dirk Debraekeleer
Vocals – Geert Vanroelen