Danny Bevins - 01 - Why Now
Danny Bevins - 02 - Happy Hour Economics
Danny Bevins - 03 - Inappropriate
Danny Bevins - 04 - Grandfather
Danny Bevins - 05 - Mulligan
Danny Bevins - 06 - Jesus' Biggest Fan
Danny Bevins - 07 - Kentucky
Danny Bevins - 08 - Cousin
Danny Bevins - 09 - Called Me Half A Fag
Danny Bevins - 10 - Scotland & White People
Danny Bevins - 11 - Suit & Cops
Danny Bevins - 12 - Induced
Danny Bevins - 13 - Funeral
 
http://bayimg.com/nacipaaeA
 
http://www.comedy-reviews.com/2012/06/danny-bevinss-inappropriate.html

Trying to capture the new CD from Danny Bevins, Inappropriate, in a simple review may prove to be a bit difficult for my limited skills, so bear with me. He operates quickly, is always on his toes, and is a bit all over the place. There's an old saying about how hard it is to hit describe a moving target, but I won't quote that here. When it comes to describing Bevins's approach, broad descriptive strokes are ineffective. Although his material is original and all his own, at times his inflections and mannerisms bear a striking resemblance to other comedians. There were times, albeit just a handful, where it sounded like he was channeling Brian Regan, Sam Kinison, Bill Burr, or TJ Miller. 

I remember the first time someone told me they didn't care for Jim Gaffigan. I still recall exactly where I was (inside the box office at the National Comedy Theatre in Manhattan) because up to that point, I always assumed everyone was a fan (myself included). When he explained to me how Gaffigan's soft-spoken, high-pitched Voice Of The Audience was too repetitive for his taste, it was like a light bulb went on. Although the falsetto never bothered me personally, I understood how it might not be someone else's cup of comedy tea. [It's only fair to note that Gaffigan has cut back on that aspect of his comedy considerably since then.]

Bevins uses a similar technique. The differences here are two-fold:
Instead of a breathy, nearly feminine, Gaffigan-esque tone, Bevins uses one that sounds remarkable like Barney Fife. I don't know whether or not it's an intentional Don Knotts impression, but it's pretty dead on.
Where Gaffigan uses The Voice to play the role of a disgruntled, critical audience member, Bevins uses his Fife Tone to play the role of everyone. Whoever he happens to be talking about just also happens to sound like the single-bulleted deputy.