Richard Williams is the legendary, triple Oscar winning animator 
of Who Framed Roger Rabbit, The Thief and the Cobbler, A 
Christmas Carol, and Raggedy Ann & Andy - A Musical Adventure.

You can see his work at The Thief Archive at

This scrapbook is a piece of animation history, an archive 
collecting an incredible amount of rare original artwork, 
articles and writings, as well as interviews, audio, some video 
and other surprises from and related to Richard Williams' 
remarkable career of over 50 years in animation.

British based Williams has won 3 Oscars (for Roger Rabbit and A 
Christmas Carol), 3 British Academy Awards and over 250 other 
international awards.

He is also known for his unfinished masterpiece, The Thief and 
the Cobbler, which was never released as intended but is 
available unofficially on the internet as "The Thief and the 
Cobbler: Recobbled Cut," a restoration of the intended version of 
the film, on which he spent 23 years.

His credits include The Return of the Pink Panther, The Pink 
Panther Strikes Again, What's New Pussycat, Casino Royale, The 
Charge of the Light Brigade, and hundreds of acclaimed television 
advertisements.

Richard Williams' current project is a 16-DVD boxed set which 
brings together his legendary Masterclasses with his best-selling 
book to create The Animator's Survival Kit - Animated. This has 
over 350 specially animated examples intercut with his 4 day 
Masterclass filmed at Blue Sky Studios in New York.

In the 1990s he gave the Richard Williams' Animation 
Masterclasses around the world to participants from studios such 
as Disney, Pixar, ILM, Dreamworks/PDI and Warner Bros followed by 
the best-selling The Animators Survival Kit (2001).

During his more than 50 years in the business Williams has been 
one of the true innovators and serves as the link between the 
Golden Age of animation by hand and the new computer animation 
successes. Perhaps even more important has been his dedication to 
passing along his knowledge to a new generation of animators so 
that they in turn can push the medium in new directions.

'Absolute animation genius' - LOS ANGELES TIMES

'Arguably the best animator working in the field today' - 
HOLLYWOOD REPORTER

Voted by peers as 'The Animator's Animator' - OBSERVER

'The only "genius" genius to come along in animation in years ... 
probably one of the most respected draftsmen in the world.' - LOS 
ANGELES TV TIMES

OSCAR: Special Academy Award 1989, Who Framed Roger Rabbit
OSCAR: Academy Award - Special Effects 1989, Who Framed Roger 
Rabbit
OSCAR: Academy Award 1972, A Christmas Carol
BRITISH ACADEMY AWARD: Special Achievements 1989, Who Framed 
Roger Rabbit
EVENING STANDARD SPECIAL AWARD: Distinguished Contribution to 
British Cinema 1989, Who Framed Roger Rabbit
BRITISH ACADEMY AWARD: 1958, The Little Island
EMMY AWARD: 1982, Ziggy's Gift
WINSOR McCAY AWARD: 1984, Distinguished Contribution to the Art 
of Animation "Annie"		
