System requirements:

All Mac Intel with Ati ou Nvidia Video Card and 1Gb memory.
 Not compatible with PPC or GMA950 ( MacBook MacMini... )


Description: This only works on Intel Macs (iMac, Macbook Pro, Mac Pro)

The most expensive machines from around the world, killing tuning, xenon light and unreal speeds - illegal race always attracted daredevils on the fastest automotive masterpieces. But over time, culture and fashion change. Fans of quick drive came out and stop hiding from the police: new competitions are held officially on special routes in all parts of the world. Hobbies "golden youth" has become a separate sport with its own rules, sponsors and champions.

The new part of the famous racing series Need for Speed ΓÇïΓÇïvaries after races. No need to hide from the authorities and risk in illegal races. Now the most dangerous enemy - not the police, and the cunning and rapid rivals. They are aggressive and always ready to cut the car an opponent or to push it into the ditch, turning into a shapeless heap of iron. The era of the immortal car is gone! Any four-horse can be smashed: salted and literally falling off all - hood, bumper, spoiler, roof, fenders, glass and even wheels. ProStreet - not just another episode, this is - a new level of realism and entertainment available to everyone!

System damage will teach caution. Avoid collisions with other cars and hit the concrete blocks, or you risk turning chrome beauty in a heap of useless junk. Split, you can bruise or tear any detail. After each race will have to repair a car, choosing between the replacement of old parts or restoration - for new faces a lot of money.
 Modified system of tuning. The slightest change in the appearance of a bolide impact on his behavior. Reducing the angle of inclination of the spoiler or bumper height influences the aerodynamic performance. The standard car can be turned into a rocket, developing space velocity, but to cope with it will be difficult.
 Fine-tuning the engine. Motor paid no less attention than the external parts. It can be carefully set up, achieving the desired effect. Now it is "filling" under the hood, but not ostentatious delights, is the most important part of the car.
 Licensed fleet. You meet a lot of cars from the most famous corporations. Among them, BMW M3, Mazda RX-7, Toyota Corolla GTS AE86 and Nissan GT-R Proto. The game features two dozen models from top manufacturers.
 Advanced graphics. Model cars are so similar to their real prototypes that the line between game and life is melting before our eyes. Beautiful clouds, sky, spectacular sunsets and sunrises, the audience near the road, and clouds of thick smoke escaping from under the wheels further reinforce a sense of reality.

