I Saw the Sun (2009) DVDR(xvid) NL Subs DMT
Originele titel: Günesi Gördüm 
Turkije
Drama
120 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1347521/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/57178/

geregisseerd door Mahsun Kirmizigül
met Mahsun Kirmizigül, Yildiz Kültür en Sarp Apak

In een grensdorp in het oosten van Turkije zit te midden van landmijnen een groep hulpeloze mensen 
al 25 jaar lang tussen twee vuren. Als gevolg van gedwongen migratie zijn de leden van familie Altun 
genoodzaakt hun geboortegrond te verlaten. Ze worden van hun wortels losgerukt en gaan op weg. 
Het onbekende tegemoet. Davut Altun wil zo snel mogelijk met zijn gezin naar Noorwegen, al moet 
dat op illegale wijze, en de weg van Haydar Altun en zijn gezin leidt naar Istanbul. De reis is 
begonnen...

In the southeast region of Turkey, the Altun family lives in a small mountainside village plagued by a 
25-year war, making their daily life a hellish struggle. As the war continues to intensify, the family is 
forced to migrate west to the city of Istanbul. While Haydar and Isa Altun decide to stay in Turkey 
with their young children, Davut Altun and his family migrate north to Norway, enlisting the help of 
smugglers. They eventually reach their destination and find work in a supermarket, but life as 
refugees proves relentless. Back in Istanbul, Haydar watches over the family as his wife undergoes an 
operation due to pregnancy complications. Their son makes friends with a group of transvestites, 
helping him to understand why he has felt different all of his life. While liberating, his newfound 
identity is seen as a disgrace to the rest of his family, leading him to flee from the abuse it produces.

Source: DVD5 Retail
Size: 1.30 GB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1640 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  720 x 416
Frames/s: 25.000 Fps
Audio:  Turkish / Norwegian
Audio Code: mp3
Bitrate: 128  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken/hardcoded)
Genre:  Drama

Deze review wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER