 Radar Made Easy by M. Razamkhnin. 


This book is an attempt to explain the working of radar and its applications, leaving out the gruesome mathematics. Though most of the applications that the author talks about are related to warfare. The book has some good drawings as you would expect in a good popular science book.

    Now, it is the right time to explain why this book has been written and what the reader can trade his time for. Naturally, this book is not for radar specialists, nor is it a manual on radar. Rather, it is an attempt to explain in simple terms what radar is like, what it does, why it is so important to the present-day world, and why a huge army of enthusiasts have made it the goal of their lives.

    Since we do not count on specialist readers, we shall try and use no mathematical formulas (the page shown as a puzzle does not count). We shall explain things "with fingers", as it were. As an aid to this ancient device, we shall use pictures, for, as a proverb goes, to see once is better than to hear a hundred times (maybe, a hundred times is too much, but as a figure of speech it will do). Indeed, a single picture carries more information than a text occupying the same space. As a proof, try to describe in detail what you can see in any of the pictures. in the book and estimate the space it would take to hold your description set up in the
    smallest type. So ...

The book was translated from the Russian by B. Kuznetsov and was first published by Mir in 1973, this is the second reprint of 1974.

PDF | OCR | Bookmarked | Paginated | Cover | 8.5 MB | 140 pp | 600 dpi


Released on TPB by mirtitles.org

=========
Contents

Foreword 7
By Way of Explanation 10
Part One Making an Acquaintance
What Is Radiolocation? 14
Radars' Way into the Armed Forces 19
Radar and Aviation 22
Radar and Missiles 28
Radar at Sea 34
Radar in the Army 38
Radar and Science 41
Radar in Space 44
It Is Always Among Us 48
Part Two How It Works
Which One to Choose? 58
How to Take Stock of an Acquaintance? 63
How a Target is Located 67
How Radar Does It - I 77
Noise-Where It Comes from and Why 84
How Radar Does It - II 93
A Simpler Way 104
Uninvited Companions 107
How to Send Out a Signal, Receive an Echo and Locate a Target 111
Everything is Sorted Out 116
Target's Way of Hiding 120
How Targets are Identified 127
We've Learned Only Part of the Story 132
Index 136