Klaatu - 3:47 E.S.T. [1976][2011][Remastered]





1. Calling Occupants Of Interplanetary Craft
2. California Jam 
3. Anus Of Uranus 
4. Sub-Rosa Subway 
5. True Life Hero
6. Doctor Marvello
7. Sir Bodsworth Rugglesby III
8. Little Neutrino  




320 KBPS

Cover Art






From Wikipedia:


Klaatu was a Canadian progressive rock group formed in 1973 by the duo of John Woloschuk and Dee Long. They named themselves after the extraterrestrial Klaatu portrayed by Michael Rennie in the film The Day the Earth Stood Still. After recording two non-charting singles, drummer Terry Draper was added to the line-up; this trio would comprise Klaatu throughout the rest of the band's recording career.

In Canada, the band is remembered for several hits, including "California Jam" (1974), "Calling Occupants of Interplanetary Craft" (1977) and "Knee Deep In Love" (1980). In the U.S. "Calling Occupants" b/w "Sub-Rosa Subway" was a minor double-sided hit and their only chart entry, peaking at No. 62 in 1977.

The band is also remembered internationally for rumours that they were actually The Beatles recording under a pseudonym. Klaatu themselves did not start these rumours and always flatly denied them, and indeed no Beatle was ever involved in the writing, recording or production of any Klaatu material.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3:47 EST is the first album by the Canadian group Klaatu, released in August 1976. The album was renamed Klaatu when released in the United States by Capitol Records. It is regarded as one of the band's greatest albums (along with Hope), using the same kind of Beatlesque psychedelic rock (in the style of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and Magical Mystery Tour), with a few new additions; most notably vocal distortion, more backwards instruments, and some obscure musical instruments such as electric sitars. The Juno-nominated album cover was painted by a friend of Klaatu's members, the Canadian graphic artist, Ted Jones.

For a variety of reasons, rumours spread in the wake of the album's release that Klaatu were, in fact, a secretly reunited Beatles.Although many of the album's songs bear no resemblance whatsoever to anything in the Beatles catalogue ("California Jam" and "True Life Hero," for instance), several other numbers ΓÇö particularly "Sub-Rosa Subway" ΓÇö are dead ringers for the Fab Four. The album was moderately successful in the United States, largely as a result of the Beatles rumours.




