This is a continuation of Awakening Prologue - Purification Level 2. This torrent includes Purification Level 3 - Flowering Level 4. 


IMPORTANT: 

This is not your traditional Holosync, with the crystal bowls and rain. These soundtracks, instead, have the ocean waves from the Floating soundtrack in Awakening Prologue. I made these soundtracks myself, because I noticed that no one else had released them, even after several years. So, I took the the time to make them. I assure you, they function EXACTLY as traditional Holosync. The instructions are included in the torrent. 

FAQ: 

How did you do it? 

 -Good Question. First, I analyzed the Carrier Frequency for each level. After I had that, I recorded the soundtracks using the ocean waves from the Floating soundtrack. The reason I used this soundtrack is because it has no Binaural beats on it. That allowed me to put the same Carrier Frequency and Binaural beats associated to each specific level. Thus, giving an exact replica, minus the rain. 

Is this better or worse? 

 -I think it's better for a few specific reasons. 1. You no longer have to worry about "What affirmations am I getting?" Because the Floating Soundtrack from Awakening Prologue does not contain Silent Subliminal Messages. 2. . That annoying high pitched sound that the subliminal messages are encoded on is GONE. 3. The dive and immersion have been combined into one large soundtrack, simplifying the listening experience. 4. If you enjoy the 3D Holophonic sounds of the ocean waves more than the rain, the answer is yes, it's better. 5. Variety! Something just as effective, but different background. 

Can I trust these soundtracks? 

 -Yes, absolutely. These soundtracks are meant as an EXACT replica of Holosync. The ONLY, I repeat, ONLY difference is the background ocean waves. That's it. If you don't believe me, well, just go ahead and give that Purification Level 3 a try. You'll notice the drop in the Carrier Frequency almost immediately. 



That's all. Enjoy and please show a bit of appreciation if you can. It took me about 2 full days to pull these soundtrack together. I did this because I don't believe people should have to pay $200-300 for a simple set of soundtracks. The idea that "they work" is a bit of an old salesman trick. So does selling water from a garden hose -  Effective, but something that should be free or at least a heck of a lot cheaper. 

~Enjoy, share. 