Ass fucked to orgasm, throat fucked into subspace, brutal suspended ladder bondage. | Amber Rayne | Matt Williams

September 28, 2012


MP4 and WMV + Pics.


Welcome Amber Rayne to Sexually Broken. This tiny ball of sex is flexible, tough and can take anything you throw at her sexually.

Amber is famous for her amazing intense scenes. Her mouth and ass can take cock. No matter how deep you fuck her throat or how big something is that goes in her ass, Amber can take it until you're done giving it. She will always outlast the giver. She is that determined. There is no "give in" with this girl. Challenge Accepted!

Extremely bound, woven in and out of the rungs of a ladder, Amber is utterly and completely helpless. Her ass is sticking out the back begging for cock. Her elbows are cruelly bound behind her. Her head is locked in place with a harness gag. Her long thin legs spread wide and open. The two holes we are interested in are complete immobilized and we are going to fuck them up! 

We jump right in and attack the back of Amber's throat! The cock goes deep into back of her throat, blocking off all air to her lungs. She can't breath in, the cock stays, and Amber gets weaker and weaker. Breath control at it's best. We skull fuck Amber into Subspace. We control her air intake. Her brain flashes. The cock fucks her throat as if it were a pussy. Non stop mouth fucking. The deep spilt from the back off her throat coats everything in a slippery sheen.

We take that spit, mix in some tears and use that as lube to fuck her tiny ass. The cock slides in deep, hard stokes that make Amber cum in seconds, but we do not let up. We fuck Amber's helpless ass with conviction. Each stroke bottoming out and sending her deeper into subspace. From her ass we go back to face fucking her and back to her ass again. Amber has several catastrophic orgasms. We add nipple clamps to her nipples, add heavy weights and leave her spinning in subspace, wondering when the cock will impale her again....

Sexually Broken is the fastest growing sex and submission site on the net. The most authentic Brutal bondage and rough sex site on the net. No acting. Nothing faked.

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/09_28arayne2/SexuallyBroken-Amber-Rayne-Matt-Williams-Ass-fucked-to-orgasm-throat-fucked-into-subspace-Brutal-suspended-ladder-bondage.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

