Sams Teach Yourself iOS 5 Application Development in 24 Hours
3rd Edition

In just 24 sessions of one hour each, learn how to build powerful applications for today’s hottest handheld devices: the iPhone and iPad! Using this book’s straightforward, step-by-step approach, you’ll master every skill and technology you need, from setting up your iOS development environment to building great user interfaces, sensing motion to writing multitasking applications. Each lesson builds on what you’ve already learned, giving you a rock-solid foundation for real-world success!

Step-by-step instructions carefully walk you through the most common iOS development tasks.

Quizzes and Exercises at the end of each chapter help you test your knowledge.

By the Way notes present interesting information related to the discussion.

Did You Know? tips offer advice or show you easier ways to perform tasks.

Watch Out! cautions alert you to possible problems and give you advice on how to avoid them.

Printed in full color—figures and code appear as they do in Xcode

Covers iOS 5.0 and up
Learn to navigate the Xcode 4.2+ development environment
Prepare your system and iDevice for efficient development
Get started quickly with Apple’s Objective-C and Cocoa Touch
Understand the Model-View-Controller (MVC) development paradigm
Visually design and code interfaces using Xcode Storyboards, Segues, and the iOS Object Library
Build advanced UIs with Tables, Split Views, Navigation Controllers, and more
Read and write preferences and data, and create System Settings plug-ins
Use the iOS media playback and recording capabilities
Take photos and manipulate graphics with Core Image
Sense motion, orientation, and location with the accelerometer, gyroscope, and GPS
Integrate online services using Twitter, Email, Web Views, and Google Maps
Create universal applications that run on both the iPhone and iPad
Write background-aware multitasking applications
Trace and debug your applications as they run
Covers iOS 5, Xcode 4.2+, Storyboards, iPhone, iPad, and More!

Additional files and updates available online
 
http://teachyourselfios.com

THE BEST IPHONE PROGRAMMING GUIDE FOR BEGINNERS!
INCLUDES PROJECT FILES!

YOU'RE WELCOME!!!