Arts Documentary hosted by Julian Rhind-Tutt, published by BBC in 2007 - English narration


Information
------------------------------

A definitive landmark series charting the emergence and re-emergence of rock music as a global force, told through the musicians who have shaped this most enduring of genres. BBC 2 takes you on a journey through the Seven Ages of Rock and explores the music that has been the soundtrack to our popular culture and defined each generation since the 1960's. From the producers of award winning series Dancing in the Street, Walk on By, Lost Highway and, most recently, Soul Deep, comes another landmark television history that will chart the story of rock music from the suburb to the stadium, from the crackly '45 to the MP3 download. Along the way, rock's greatest performers, singers, writers and producers tell us how rock emerged, grew, strengthened and gave voice to each new generation. 

2007 sees rock music at its healthiest state since the 1970's. Despite numerous predictions that 'rock is dead', it has survived. Fans are attending more gigs and more festivals than ever before and the guitar is definitely back as the weapon of choice. The UK alone has nurtured a rich new crop of rock bands over the last 5 years, each one building on the solid foundation and heritage of the past, creating a vibrant and promising legacy for the future. 

Seven Ages of Rock will, though the prism of a central wrap-around artist or group, explore a key era in rock. From the UK electric blues boom, via the psychedelic rock of the late 60's; from the 70's punk explosion and on to the rise of grunge and indie rock in the 1980's and beyond, this series tells story of each age through the music itself: breaking down key tracks, getting behind the songs and ideas and providing a social context for the progression of the music. With contributions from some of the biggest names in rock, the series will set a new standard in heritage music television.

Features artists and bands like The Rolling Stones, The Who, Bob Dylan, The Kinks, The Yardbirds, Pink Floyd, David Bowie, Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, The Police, U2, Nirvana, Oasis and R.E.M.

Narrator : Julian Rhind-Tutt
Series Producer : William Naylor
Series Editor : Michael Poole

A BBC/VH1 Classic co-production (2007)



Episode 2 : White Light , White Heat - Art Rock 

Between Rock and an Art Place - How rock became a vehicle for artistic ideas and theatrical performance. From the pop-art multi-media experiments of Andy Warhol and the Velvet Underground to the sinister gentility of Peter Gabriel's Genesis, [i]White Light[/i], [i]White Heat[/i] traces how rock became a vehicle for artistic ideas and theatrical performance. We follow Pink Floyd from the fated art school genius of Syd Barrett through the global success of Dark Side of the Moon to the ultimate rock theatre show, The Wall. Along the way, the film explores the retro-futurism of Roxy Music and the protean world of David Bowie.


Technical Specs
------------------------------

Video Codec: XviD ISO MPEG-4
Video Bitrate: 1681 kbps
Video Resolution: 672x376
Video Aspect Ratio: 1.787:1
Frames Per Second: 25.000
Audio Codec: 0x2000 (Dolby AC3) AC3
Audio Bitrate: 256kb/s CBR 48000 Hz
Audio Streams: 2
Audio Languages: english
RunTime Per Part: 59:19.160
Number Of Parts: 7
Part Size: 826 MB
Encoded by: DocFreak08