[img]http://s19.postimage.org/4d8xm7503/Borderlands2.jpg[/img]


Games : Windows : Update Patch 1.2.2 : English

About DLCs:

Mechromancer:
   A 5th playable character class who can summon a destructive robot named Deathtrap. 
   In addition to this new class, this pack also includes bonus items which were included in the Borderlands 2 Premiere Club Pack, 
   including the Gearbox Gold Gun Pack, a Golden Key, which unlocks rare items in the mysterious Sanctuary Loot Chest, and the Vault Hunter's Relic, which boosts your gear-hunting fortunes. 

Captain Scarlett and her Pirate's Booty:
   Get Ready for a Swashbuckling Adventure: Fight off hordes of new enemies including pirate bandits, and desert worms.
   Forge ( And Break ) New Alliances: Meet Captain Scarlett, you'll need her help to make your way through Pirate's Bay. But watch your back, Pirates will do anything for treasure.
   Discover Uncharted Territories and Find New Treasures: With a multitude of new quests and locations, Pirate's Booty is set to offer more of everything. 
   New side quests, new weapons, new gear are all yours for the taking.

Creature Slaughter Dome:
   In the Wildlife Exploitation Reserve there is a area transfer to a place called the Natural Selection Annex. 
   It's actually in there. The MISSION is called Creature Slaughter Dome. 
   Complete all 5 rounds of it and the reward is Moxxi's Rocket Launcher. 

Moxxi's Rocket Launcher:
   Is an exclusive weapon that can only be found in the Creature Slaughter Dome DLC

Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage:
   In his newly excavated Badass Crater of Badassitude, Mr. Torgue offers a new storyline, quests, bosses, weapons, and cameos from equally unstable characters such as Moxxi and Tiny Tina. 
   In case you play for three minutes without seeing a single explosion, an arena-style Loot-splosion event tosses shiny gear your way on the displaced air ofΓÇöyou guessed itΓÇöexplosions.  


Notes:

This is cumulative update patch 1.2.2 - does not require any updates installed before.
This pack include latest crack - just install and play.
Included DLC :

	- Mechromancer
	- Captain Scarlett and her Pirates Booty
        - Creature Slaughter Dome
	- Moxxi's Rocket Launcher
        - Mr. Torgue's Campaign of Carnage
	
Compatible with nosTEAM ,SKiDROW ,3DM versions.
If you have Windows 8 ,after installing is done go to game folder and open game from "play-Borderlands2-WIN8" file.


If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .



