v0.18.2

Released 20th December, 2012
New:
Training: Added a Basic Flight Tutorial, and a Basic Vessel Construction Tutorial.
Solar System: Added a new icy planet called Eeloo, somewhere out past Jool.
Scenarios: Added a scenario called Station One, where a refueling station is already in orbit.
UI: Added a button to open the SpacePort site on the Main Menu (opens on the default browser)
Music: Added two new tracks for space and another one for construction.
Bugfixes and Tweaks:
Graphics: 800x600 is no longer a valid resolution option. Minimum possible resolution is now 960x720.
Docking: Fixed ejected debris being incorrectly typed as "Unknown".
UI: Fixed an issue where the "Resume Saved" dialog wouldn't show if a save folder was missing its persistent.sfs file.
UI: The "Resume Saved" and Craft Load dialogs now offer to clean up incompatible files if any are detected.
UI: Incompatible/Invalid entries on those dialogs are now greyed out, and the reason why they can't be loaded is displayed.
UI: Fixed an issue with popup dialogs cutting out content (text and buttons) when multiple dialogs were spawned at once.
UI: The Resources panel is now visible while in the Map View.
Decouplers now break the connection at a specific node, instead of breaking the connection to the parent part. This enables choosing which side will remain attached.
Physicsless parts now get "promoted" to physical ones if they become the root of a vessel (by decoupling)
Persistence: Vessel rotation is now stored relative to the universe, instead of in worldspace. This fixes vessels having seemingly random rotations upon resuming a save.
Parts: Fixed an issue with the engine fairings which caused engines to lose mass on save/load cycles.
Parts: RCS thrusters no longer try (and fail) to do lever arm compensation.
Music: Fixed an issue where some tracks were subject to doppler effects in flight.
Solar System: Pol's gravity increased slightly
Solar System: Bop and Pol's semi-major axes increased (Bop's SOI almost intersected Tylo's)
Gameplay: Fixed an issue where crashing a ship wouldn't properly remove the root part and cause weird "physics" sometimes.
Gameplay: Fixed an issue with renaming vessels from symmetrically-placed command pods.
Maneuver Nodes: Fixed a small but annoying issue where maneuver gizmos would switch modes when rotating the camera just after creating a maneuver.
Training: Fixed Gene Kerman introducing himself as Wernher von Kerman on the Orbit 101 tutorial.
Parts: Fixed an issue where the root part of a vessel would live on in a weird state after crashing.
Docking: Fixed an issue where docking ports wouldn't resume their fuel crossfeed properly sometimes.
Controls: Added input locks to action groups and part context UIs, so they lock when appropriate.
UI: Part Resource Context Gauges now correctly go away when the corresponding part gets detached from the current ship.
Parts: Fixed an issue that could cause RCS thrusters to fly off on their own because of numerical spikes.
Parts: Landing gear now remember to set the brakes when resuming flight.
Gameplay: Added a rule to prevent saving the game or switching vessels while the current one is throttled up.
Gameplay: Unrestricted vessel switching is now only allowed if the vessel to be focused is loaded and unpacked.
Tutorials: Fixed the Construction Tutorial erroring out with an "incompatible" sfs when launching after completing the tutorial.
Tutorials: Tutorial Scenarios now delete the instructor objects when the ScenarioModule is destroyed.
Tutorials: The Construction Tutorial now allows launching the constructed vessel, and going back to edit it later.
Controls: Action groups are now locked when in map view, to prevent accidental activation without being able to see the ship.
Controls: Map View won't lock RCS off anymore when the navball is up.
UI: Added some sanity checking to text fields (vessel names and saves), so illegal characters don't cause trouble.