DVDfab Passkey v8.0.6.3  Final

[img]http://www.dvdfab.com/images/logo.png[/img]

Passkey v8.0.6.3 (May 5, 2012)

Passkey for Blu-ray:
Fix: A problem that BDAV disc cannot be opened on certain drives.

Passkey v8.0.6.2 (April 28, 2012)

Passkey for Blu-ray:
New: Added support for new Java-based protection.

Passkey v8.0.6.1 (April 17, 2012)

Passkey for DVD:
New: Added support for a new protection as found on "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1" (UK).
Fix: The playback problem of "Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol".

Passkey for Blu-ray:
Fix: A freeze problem when opening a few Blu-ray discs. 

Website:   http://www.dvdfab.com/

Passkey for DVD8.0.6.3

Passkey for DVD is the very app for you to view any DVD using your region specific player regardless of annoying region code. And it can also remove all known DVD copy protections just in seconds, then work with a variety of software to access any DVD content, particularly works well with DVDFab DVD Copy and DVD Ripper. Really a powerful and helpful tool!


Passkey for Blu-ray8.0.6.3

Passkey for Blu-ray is versatile software which can help you get rid of all Blu-ray protections in seconds. You can freely watch any Blu-ray with no region limit. And particularly, it also allows you to use any other compatible utility (DVDFab Blu-ray apps are recommended) to access the unprotected content according to your needs. Use Passkey for Blu-ray, you can open the door to a free world of Blu-ray.

Installation Info:
1)run setup
2)don't restart
3)use patch or crack  copy the file and replace other in the install directory
C:Program FilesDVDFab Passkey  or   C:Program Files(x86)DVDFab Passkey
depending on which windows u have installed
4)Restart Computer and click on passkey icon and close start page and check don't show
5)then on the passkey icon in your system tray beside clock Right click on it and click on settings
then on left menu click on general and in the middle right UNcheck Check for new version automaticly
6)Enjoy from Slickinator

note: the only patch that is working for passkey at this time is .... v0.8 from team BBB  if you use the new patch it will not work ...