The latest generation of the world’s best-selling music notation software, Avid Sibelius 7 is sophisticated enough to meet the demands of top composers, arrangers, and publishers, yet simple enough for beginners and students.

Work quickly with the brand-new, task-oriented user interface. Experience your scores in stunning clarity with the exclusive, professional-quality sound library. Collaborate more easily thanks to full MusicXML interchange support and other sharing options. With all these advancements and many more, Sibelius 7 is the fastest, smartest, easiest way to write music.

Task-oriented user interface
The brand-new Sibelius 7 user interface provides task-focused tabs that lead you through the process of creating a score from start to finish. Every feature has both an icon and a text description—which you can access via a button or a keyboard shortcut—with full contextual help available when you need it.

Professional sound library—only in Sibelius
You finesse every detail of your score—you want to hear every nuance during playback. Sibelius 7 includes more than 38 GB of professional content, including a specially recorded symphony orchestra, rock and pop instruments, and much more. This exclusive content is only available in Sibelius 7.

Native 64-bit support—only in Sibelius
Today’s 64-bit capable hardware and operating systems provide big speed and memory advantages. Sibelius 7 is the world’s first 64-bit notation software, enabling you to unlock the full power of your 64-bit system—and work more quickly, with more virtual instruments and effects, than ever before.

Optimized for single monitor use—only in Sibelius
We understand that many of our customers favor laptops or other single-display systems. That’s why we designed the Sibelius 7 interface to allow you to focus on the music at all times—and easily hide information that you only need to see occasionally.

Switch to Sibelius from Finale
There’s never been a better time to switch from Finale® to Sibelius. Sibelius now features a step-time note input method that is very similar to Finale software’s Speedy Entry method—right down to using many of the same keystrokes. So if you know how to input notes in Finale, you know Sibelius too. And because today’s workflows include a wide variety of software applications, Sibelius 7 now includes full MusicXML export capability, so you can exchange files with hundreds of other applications, including Finale.

Text and typography enhancements
Take advantage of the latest OpenType fonts, including advanced features like ligatures, and employ them in text frames with full DTP-level capabilities. There’s no need to export projects to a separate DTP application—now you can complete many of them within Sibelius 7.

Graphics import and export
Sibelius 7 makes it easy to import graphics in all major formats, then manipulate them to build complex layouts for publishing, creating teaching materials, instructional books, and more. You can export the full score as publication-quality graphics in PDF format, plus individual pages or smaller sections in EPS, PNG, and SVG formats. It’s never been faster or easier to finish the job to the highest standards.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Created from tone19's Sibelius torrent for Mac, I have converted and made it usable for Windows. Included is the ISO's of the Install disc and the 3 content discs containing additional sounds.

I have named the files in order of use. But for the sake of completion, please follow these steps to install.

1: Mount the Install disc using Daemon Tools or similar software. Burning is another option.
2: Install Sibelius, and then install the sounds. Photoscore, Audioscore, and Torch are optional.
3: Repeat step 1 with Content 1 and install.
4: Repeat step 1 with Content 2 and install.
5: Repeat step 1 with Content 3 and install.
6: Install the Sibelius710b54 update.
7: Install the Sibelius7SoundsUpdate710.
8: Run the Generic Patch created by ASSiGN. Browse for the SARILib.dll in your install directory. If running 64-bit, run it twice, browsing for both the 64-bit and x86.

Congrats. You now have a fully activated Sibelius 7.1 with all the sounds. 