Candle 79 Cookbook: Modern Vegan Classics from New York's Premier Sustainable Restaurant
Joy Pierson
Ten Speed Press | November 2011 | ISBN-10: 1607740125 | ePUB/PDF | 18.7/10.4 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Candle-79-Cookbook-Sustainable-Restaurant/dp/1607740125
PDF conversion is mine.

Continually rated as one of the best vegan restaurants in the country, Candle 79 is at the forefront of a movement to bring elegance and sophistication to vegetarian cuisine. Not only is its fare local, seasonal, organic, and sustainable, but also so flavorful and satisfying that customersΓÇövegan and omnivore alikeΓÇöare constantly asking for recipes to cook at home. This collection answers that call, with simple yet impressive recipes for Chickpea Crepes, Ginger-Seitan Dumplings, Live Lasagna, Chocolate Mousse Towers, Cucumber-Basil Martinis, and more. Expanding the horizons of vegan fare with appetizers, soups, salads, mains, brunches, desserts, cocktails, and wine pairings, Candle 79 Cookbook invites every home cook to make truly green cuisine.

Candle 79 is one of the most highly rated vegan restaurants in the country and this book presents many of their recipes. Included are; amuse-bouches, appetizers, soups, salads, entrees, sides, sauces, desserts, brunch, and drinks. There are lovely pictures of most of the recipes - they will make them appealing to even a confirmed carnivore.
These are not the easiest dishes to prepare, mainly because of a lot of chopping and number of ingredients - but most of the time that includes many spices to add the very good taste that is achieved. The preparation is not difficult, not even for novice cooks, it just can be labor and or time intensive; because of that I wish they would have included an estimated prep time.

The best sections of recipes are the sides, which would add interest to almost any meal and the drinks were magnificent. We have already tried the heirloom tomato-avocado tartare, the spinach-mushroom pate, and the seaweed salad with ginger-sesame dressing. Live lasagna is an interesting dish, but quite first-rate and we can never fix enough pomegranate cosmos (and they are very easy to prepare)
There is a glossary and resources are listed with phone numbers and web sites. An index is included.
This can be the cookbook that will prove that vegan recipes are tasty and definitely not boring.

CONTENTS
Foreword
Introduction
Amuse-Bouches and Appetizers
Soups
Salads
Entrees
Sides, Sauces, and Secrets
Brunch
Desserts
Drinks
Glossary
Resources
Acknowledgments
About the Authors
Index
Measurement Conversion Charts