Gallery: 
 
http://imagedomino.com/?g=108287

Stars: Joanna Jet, Amy Daly, Liberty Harkness, Jennifer English, Nadia Gurl, Karla Cox

“Shemale Tranny Hunter” stars Joanna Jet as she seeks to satisfy her passion for tranny cock and ass. In each scene, Joanna Jet tracks down a transsexual that will indulge her in cock sucking sessions and let her stuff her rock hard cock in their tight shemale asses. Sometimes Joanna receives anal sex, too, before finally shooting her usual heavy, creamy load over their cocks and in their asses.

Scene 1 – Nadia Gurl: Shot in Miami, this scene feature Nadia Gurl in her girst ever porn production. She is more than happy to become Joanna Jet’s play thing on the end of a leash. Nadia offers her mouth, tongue and ass to satisfy Joanna’s need for hardcore pleasures which leaves her drained and with an ass full of hot shemale cum.

Scene 2 – Jennifer English: Joanna brings Jennifer English home to experience Joanna’s insatiable appetite. After offering her cock and taking it in the ass for Jennifer, she then switches roles and pounds Jennifer’s ass until she is gaping. After fucking her from many angles, Joanna gives Jennifer a huge anal creampie.

Scene 3 – Liberty Harkness: When the male performer Liberty is due to shoot with fails to show up, Joanna decides to put her cameras down and enjoy Liberty for herself. Joanna clearly enjoys sucking on Liberty’s tranny cock, and she gets rock hard and soon has it jammed deep in Liberty’s throat and ass. She also offers her ass for Liberty’s cock, then switches back and pile drives her gaping ass until she prays it with thick white cum.

Scene 4 – Amy Daly: While skateboarding in Los Angeles, Joanna bumps into Amy Daly and , after finding out she has a cock, she gets her back to her hotel room. Joanna has a lot in store, starting with a two way cock sucking session before Amy gets to realize that Joanna loves to fuck tranny ass hard and deep. On finding out that Amy loves the taste of cum, Joanna shoots her cum over herself for Amy to lick up.

Scene 5 – Karla Cox: Joanna Jet has the young Karla Cox staying over. After finding her in lingerie, smoking on her bed, she makes the most of the situation and soon gets her sucking on her cock and fingering her ass. Before long, Joanna is enjoying driving her cock in Karla’s young, tight tranny ass, fucking her hard until she shoots her load over Karla’s cock