Follow my uploads here:                  
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                   
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

nJoy is a complete PC remote controlling solution!
nJoy includes a gaming joystick layout and a comprehensive desktop control layout consisted of media controls, web surfing and text input options, an efficient and easy to use mouse controls and more...!

nJoy makes use of a Wi-Fi or internet connection for communication with a PC.
Thus, the effective range of a Wi-Fi signal is not an issue.
The device's 3G connection can be used if the wifi connection is inefficient or not available.

The gaming joystick allows you to use your phone as a game controller,
much like an actual gaming console controller for any game by assigning keyboard and mouse actuations!

A multi-touch interface consisted of a left analog stick and on screen action buttons is coupled
with the deviceΓÇÖs accelerometer to enable full game control!

Multiple android devices can be connected to a single PC to allow split screen gaming.

nJoy media controls allow remotely pausing and resuming as well as skipping between tracks.
Mouse control is implemented with a track pad, similar to a laptop track pad solution.

Finger gestures are available for zooming, swipe scrolling and maximizing/minimizing windows.

nJoy includes further options such as closing windows, go to desktop, accessing libraries,
loading websites, running applications and much more...

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 20, 2012)

    Fixed disconnection crash.
    Minor bug fixes and improvements.
    Added "Rate this app" button.
    Unlocked almost all features on lite version due to ads being added.
    Updated licensing library.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		
