Dark Souls is the new action role-playing game from the developers who brought you Demon’s Souls, FromSoftware. Dark Souls will have many familiar features: A dark fantasy universe, tense dungeon crawling, fearsome enemy encounters and unique online interactions. Dark Souls is a spiritual successor to Demon’s, not a sequel. Prepare for a new, despair-inducing world, with a vast, fully-explorable horizon and vertically-oriented landforms. But most of all, prepare to die. You will face countless murderous traps, countless darkly grotesque monsters and several gargantuan, supremely powerful demons and dragons. You must learn from death to persist through this unforgiving world. And you aren’t alone. Dark Souls allows the spirits of other players to show up in your world, so you can learn from their deaths and they can learn from yours. New to Dark Souls is Bonfires. Around the Bonfire, you may find the only warmth and calm that exists in this dark world. Beware: There is no place in Dark Souls that is truly safe. With days of game play and an even more punishing difficulty level, Dark Souls will be the most deeply challenging game you play this year. Can you live through a million deaths and earn your legacy?

Key features:

 Extremely Deep, Dark & Difficult – Unforgiving in its punishment, yet rewarding for the determined – learn to strategize freely and conquer seemingly impossible challenges.
 Fully Seamless World – Explore a completely integrated world of dark fantasy where dungeons are seamlessly intertwined, with great height.
 Mastery Earns Progression – Contains 60 hours of gameplay, with uniquely despair-inducing monsters & an incredibly nuanced weaponry & magic spells system. Player success depends on their eventual mastery of how and when to use the magic spells, choice of armor, the number of weapons, the types of weapons, and the moves attached to the weapons.
 Network Play – Players may cross paths with one another, interacting with each other throughout the game even as each player plays their own game.
 Flexible Character Development & Role Play – As the player progresses, they must carefully choose which of their character’s abilities to enhance as this will determine their progression style.
 Community – See other real players and empathize with their journey, learn from seeing how others died, find and leave messages for your fellow players; helping them or leading them into death.
 Symbolic of Life & Hope – The Bonfire is an important feature of Dark Souls for many reasons. Though in gameplay it serves as a recovery and re-spawn point for players whose health gets low and is the one place in the dark world where players can find a fleeting moment of warmth and calm. 

System Requirements :

 OS: Windows XP , Windows Vista, Windows 7, or newer
 Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo E6850 GHz+ or AMD Phenom II X2 545 3.0 GHz+
 Memory: 2 GB
 Hard Disk Space: 8GB
 Video Card: GeForce 9800 GTX+ or ATI Radeon HD 4870+
 DirectX®: 9.0c
 Sound: Direct Sound Compatible
 Additional: Online play requires software installation of and log-in to Games For Windows – LIVE