1. Assassin's.Creed 
Assassin's Creed is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal for

PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows. Most of the game takes place during the Third Crusade, with the plot

revolving around a sect known as the Secret Order of Hashashin (Assassins). The player is in reality playing as a modern-day

man named Desmond Miles, who through the use of a machine named the "Animus", is allowed the viewing and controlling of the

protagonist's genetic memories of his ancestors, in this case, Altaïr ibn-La'Ahad, a member of the Assassins.

2. Assassin's.Creed.II 
Assassin's Creed II is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and

published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. It is the second video game installment of

the Assassin's Creed series, and is a direct sequel to the 2007 video game Assassin's Creed. The game was released for video

game consoles in November 2009, and for Windows in March 2010.[11][14] Its direct sequel, Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, was

released in November 2010.

3. Assassin's.Creed.Brotherhood 
Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal

for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. It was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in November

2010, Microsoft Windows in March 2011 and Mac OS X in May 2011.
It is the third major installment in the Assassin's Creed series and the second chapter in the "Ezio Trilogy". The game is a

direct sequel to Assassin's Creed II, with Ezio Auditore da Firenze and Desmond Miles returning as the main protagonists,

and it takes place right after the conclusion of the previous game's story. It is the first game in the main series to

feature a multiplayer mode. Assassin's Creed: Revelations is a sequel to the game, concluding Ezio's story as he travels to

Constantinople.

4. Assassin's.Creed.Revelations 
Assassin's Creed: Revelations is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game developed and published by

Ubisoft. It was released for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in November 2011, and for Microsoft Windows in December 2011.[3] It

is the fourth major installment in the Assassin's Creed series and the last chapter in the 'Ezio Trilogy'. The game is a

direct sequel to Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, with the three protagonists from the previous games Ezio Auditore da

Firenze, Altaïr ibn-La'Ahad, and Desmond Miles returning as the main protagonists.

5. Assassin's.Creed.III 
Assassin's Creed III is a historical action-adventure open world stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and

published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U,[8] and Microsoft Windows. It is the fifth major installment and the

third numbered title in the Assassin's Creed series, and a direct sequel to 2011's Assassin's Creed: Revelations. The game

was released worldwide for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, beginning in North America on October 30, 2012. It was released on

November 18, 2012 for the Wii U,[9] and on November 20, 2012 for Microsoft Windows.

Instruction For Installarion :-

1. Mount/Burn The Iso.
2. Install.
3. Copy The Crack Given In Crack/Skidrow Folder Included In The Iso To The Installed Folder.
4. Enjoy.
