English | CBR | 4 Issues

Age of Heroes #1-4 (2010)
Publisher:  Marvel
Publication Date:  May 19, 2010 - August 18, 2010

Age of Heroes #1
Eisner-winner & fan-favorite KURT BUSIEK RETURNS TO MARVEL! THE HEROIC AGE IS HERE! The Heroes are restored to their rightful place in this new era, and the world is safer for them. They defeated Osborn & his Siege on Asgard, now they have one last foe to face: the Mayor of New York -- J. Jonah Jameson! Also, MI13 come to the US, but one of them isn't leaving--they are defecting to the AVENGERS?! Plus Dr. Voodoo's Sorcerer Supreme duties infringe on "date night" and how much trouble can Spider-Man get into in one day? The answer: A LOT! 

Age of Heroes #2
THE HEROIC AGE IS HERE! The Heroic Age continues in this next set of star-studded stories told in the Mighty Marvel Manner! In a special YOUNG ALLIES prelude story, Greg Willis makes the Wisconsin-to-Manhattan trek once more--but will he be leaving GRAVITY behind this time? Spider-Man encounters the new super hero in town...Norman Osborn's AMERICAN SON?! But the man wearing the armor is the last guy Spidey expects! In the Age of Heroes, the YOUNG MASTERS must decide whose side they're on and, with the Dark Reign lifted, THE GAUNTLET soldiers on--all the way to Afghanistan.

Age of Heroes #3
What mission could cause Maria Hill, Sharon Carter, and Victoria Hand, the three Avengers liaisons, to join forces? Plus, the Blue Marvel makes his presence known around the world to re-establish himself as a hero of the people. TASKMASTER learns in Tokyo that The Heroic Age is a none too friendly place for villains who have fallen from the top! Plus a nutty, new turning point in the life of Squirrel Girl!

Age of Heroes #4
The Heroic Age continues with more titanic tales from across the mighty Marvel U! Follow Shuri, the deadly Black Panther, as she sets the world on fire crossing paths, and claws, with the rest of MU! Find out the truth behind Captain America's time on ice and the native peoples who stumbled across his frosty tomb! PLUS: Zodiac's back and ready for the Age of Villains to begin...and Steve Rogers: Super-Soldier has an all-new assignment for Initiative cadet Cloud 9!