Sony Vegas Pro v12.0 Build 367 64-bit
MPT | Oct 25 2012 | 222 MB


Vegas™ Pro 12 is an integrated, forward-thinking production environment designed for a new generation of creative professionals. Combining a familiar track-based timeline with hundreds of thoughtful workflow innovations, Vegas Pro 12 is a refreshing, modern approach to post-production. Supporting more formats, more workflows, and more creative control than ever before, Vegas Pro 12 makes it easy to deliver your message and express your artistic vision.


Innovative editing tools

Edit SD, HD, 2K and 4K material in 2D or stereoscopic 3D, with drag-and-drop functionality or traditional 3-point and 4-point editing modes. The Vegas Pro 12 interface provides an impressive array innovative tools and thoughtful touches, with a fully customizable workspace for accomplishing a wide range of production tasks. Nest Vegas Pro projects within the timeline, customize and save keyboard commands, and use application scripting to automate repetitive tasks. The new Expanded Edit Mode temporarily splits the track at the edit point and enables you to dynamically add or remove frames from either side of the edit point while the media is playing, creating a highly precise, interactive editing experience.

Superior audio control

Access unlimited audio tracks, 24-bit/192 kHz audio, punch-in recording, 5.1 surround mixing, effects automation, and time compress/expand, while applying customizable, real-time audio effects like EQ, Reverb, Delay, and more. Expand your audio processing and mixing options with supported third-party DirectX® and VST audio plug-ins. Vegas Pro 12 includes support for new 64-bit versions of Sony's Noise Reduction 2.0, Wave Hammer, Acoustic Mirror, and more. Use the Mixing Console for precise audio control, with sample-based accuracy.

Project interchange

Import and export a wide range of project files to and from Vegas Pro 12. The built-in software can convert between the native .veg file and AAF, for Avid® ProTools®, XML for Apple® Final Cut Pro® 7, Final Cut Pro X (export only) and DaVinci Resolve 8, and .prproj for Adobe® Premiere® Pro CS6 and After Effects® CS6.


more here --> http://www.sonycreativesoftware.com/vegaspro


Vegas Pro 12 system requirements

    Microsoft® Windows Vista® 64-bit SP2, or Windows 7 64-bit
    2 GHz processor (multicore or multiprocessor CPU recommended for HD or stereoscopic 3D)
    500 MB hard-disk space for program installation
    4 GB RAM (8 GB recommended)
    OHCI-compatible IEEE-1394DV card (for DV and HDV capture and print-to-tape)
    USB 2.0 connection (for importing from AVCHD, XDCAM EX, NXCAM, or DVD camcorders)
    512 MB GPU memory
    Windows-compatible sound card
    DVD-ROM drive (for installation from a DVD only)
    Supported CD-recordable drive (for CD burning only)
    Supported DVD-R/-RW/+R/+RW (for DVD burning only)
    Supported BD-R/-RE drive (for Blu-ray Disc™ burning only)
    Microsoft .NET Framework 3.51 (included on application disc)
    Apple® QuickTime® 7.1.6 or later for reading and writing QuickTime files
    Internet Connection (for Gracenote MusicID Service)
    GPU-accelerated video processing and rendering require an OpenCL™-supported NVIDIA®, AMD/ATI™, or Intel® GPU with 512MB memory or more. (please see the GPU acceleration page for more detailed specifications and driver requirements)



INSTALLATION:

• You need WinRar or other extractor of your choice to extract the rar file

• Install the program in the default directory

• Use the activator to register (left-click on the Jaguar head)
  Use also wih admin rigts


         •  That's it! Done.


                    3Nj0Y!!!