 I recommend this book. You have to realize that God's word has always been with us since the beginning of time. written by Him, in the stars, themselves. So the earth has always a witness of God's word in the stars. This is why the symbols of the Zodiac are present in every culture throughout time, because all these peoples no matter where they where on earth could see the stars. This study will show you. How God's word and plans, are written in the stars. This is the a good book to read.

 I'm new to this so , if for some reason your not being about to download this, it might have to do with me having no clue how to seed yet. If you know how to do this, then let me know, how to set this up.



“The Witness of the Stars,” by E. W. Bullinger, is one of the best works available on Biblical astronomy. Bullinger is very concise in his Biblical interpretations of constellations and star names. His book is very informative as to where the constellation pictures came from—a masterpiece that brings ancient light to a new generation. In addition to teaching the constellations, Bullinger’s book gives insights that build faith in God. The fact that most of the stars ancient names can be found and were used in the Bible to convey messages in one word adds even more credence to the truth of God’s Word and that fact that God is still in control. The “witness of the stars” as explained in this book may well be a fulfillment of that passage in Romans 16 where Paul states that God has revealed the gospel to all nations. For centuries, men have looked to the stars for navigation and signs for successful farming. By showing the Biblical symbolism of the constellations, Bullinger, a respected Bible scholar, shows how the stars are also God’s blackboard in the sky. Readers who desire untouched evidence of God will find it in this historical account in the stars from ancient civilizations on the message God sent back then to us. “He telleth the number of the stars; he calleth them all by their names.” (Psalms 147:4) The stars reveal God’s glory, His power, and His truth.



