POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 34 - NASA Photos Alien Mother Ships Behind Sun


POtHS Comments on This one: B E W A R E Aliens are not gods, they are Fallen Angels that Shit their Pants when you speak the name - Jesus Christ. Jesus DOES NOT NEED A SPACE SHIP to travel around his Creation. He does it at the Speed of Thought, and it is done by Him speaking his wishes. Jesus is outside of time, the 4orth dimension we are cursed to live in, He created. Some of us get to join Him outside of Time and be as He is.  

From Fox News:  UFO hunters have spotted a curious object near the sun in a new NASA image. It is, in the words of a blogger for the website Gather, "what looks like a metallic, jointed spaceship with a gigantic extension, perhaps a boom arm, anchored off its lower end."

The YouTube video drawing attention to the object has quickly made its way to discussion forums and the tabloid press, and many seasoned UFO believers are calling it a definite "spot."

But does this image, which was taken by a camera on board NASA's Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO) on Tuesday (April 24), really show a spaceship dropping by the sun to harvest some solar energy, as one YouTube commenter suggested? Or is this object something much more mundane? We asked scientists in the solar physics branch at the United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) ΓÇö the group that analyzes data from Lasco 2, the telescopic camera that snapped the picture.

According to Nathan Rich, lead ground systems engineer in the NRL's solar physics branch, the "spaceship" is merely a collection of streaks left by cosmic rays, charged particles from space, which whizzed through the camera's sensor, or CCD, as the image was taken

Read more:http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2012/04/26/ufo-spaceship-orbiting-sun-or-camera-glitch/#ixzz20W4SauFU 

Description:
18th Annual International UFO Congress 2009
Misc. NASA FOOTAGE
UFO's ORBITING THE SUN


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

 