here is the good stuff : 
Release Date: 2012
Version: 12 Build 255
Bit depth: 32bit +64 bit
Compatibility with Vista: complete
Compatible with Windows 7 full time
Language: English + Russian
License: Freeware

System requirements:
The program is suitable for all models of computers.
Windows XP / Vista / 7 (x86-x64)
Supports all modern operating systems!
As a 32-and 64-bit version!

DriverPack Solution is the most popular program to automatically install, update and search for drivers. Help download the driver besplatno.Eto versatile manager to install drivers for all versions of Windows. Unlike the built-in features in Windows 7 driver updates, the program can be used even without the Internet and to find / install drivers for devices not only popular Vender (as in the case Windows Update ) 

 
What's new DriverPack Solution 12:

The latest version offers not only the most timely and definitive chauffeur, and optional all-inclusive scan! Now with DriverPack Solution 12 you always be able to assess the situation of all the main characteristics of your PC! A feature backups would certainly help to minimize the risk of old times when refreshment drivers.

Automatic installation of drivers:

Install the driver on almost any computer for only about 5 minutes.
Saving of time
After downloading the driver once no longer need to spend time searching for drivers.
Any driver for any computer
All the drivers on a single DVD-ROM!
Simplify downloading new drivers from the Internet.
Ability to update drivers
Update the existing driver to more recent versions.
Windows XP / Vista / 7 (x86-x64)
Supports all modern operating systems!
As a 32-and 64-bit version! 
Ease of use
Simple and intuitive interface.
The program is suitable for all models of computers.
That includes free drivers for laptops: Asus, Acer, Sony, Samsung, HP, Lenovo, Toshiba, Fujitsu-Siemens, DELL, eMachines, MSI ... 


It will help download free drivers for: motherboard , sound card (audio) , Video Card , Network Card , Wi-Fi , chipset , controller , Bluetooth (Bluetooth) , Modem , Web-camera , card reader , CPU , input devices , monitor , Printer , scanner , USB , Other ...
Download drivers free from the manufacturers: Ati (Radeon) , Nvidia (GeForce) , Realtek , Intel , Amd , Atheros , Via. 
enjoy
seed
Dark4m...