The Matrix:Path of Neo [Repack][Eng/Rus]R.G.Catalyst


Information:

Year: 2005
Genre: Action / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Shiny Entertainment
Publisher: Atari  Akella
Publication Type: Repak
Language: English / Russian 
Sound language: English
 

System requirements:


Operating System: Microsoft ┬« Windows ┬« Windows 2000 / XP
Processor: clock frequency of 1.8 GHz or higher
Memory: 512 MB
Video: 128 MB VRAM, support for Shader Model 2.0
Sound Card: compatible with DirectX ┬« 9.0c
Free hard drive space: 3.5 GB

 
Take a look around. Take a closer look at the world around you. Everything you see - the Matrix, a virtual reality. This is a digital illusion, a dream people, unaware that their real bodies are used as batteries. Machines have enslaved humanity. But not all of us sleep everyday life! Neo awake and ready to fight for the future of people. Did you think that you already know this story? Wake up after Chosen and realize how badly mistaken! The game lets you relive key turns in life Favourites and previously unknown routes lead the hero to a new climax. "The Matrix: Path of Neo" is made based on the trilogy of films "The Matrix", but not all should be cinematic prototype. The authors of the updated scenario - the Wachowski brothers themselves. Hence, narrative liberties are unlikely to disappoint anyone. You can not just do not like Neo did in the movie, you can accomplish what he could not. And how are you interacting with a character depends on the outcome of the story. Fighting mechanics of the game allows you to attack three enemies at once, and has a good balance between melee and firearm combat. Also in the game adapts to the player presentedin difficulty level, new characters, an original soundtrack. 

Installation:- 


After installation Right Click on the shortcut on Desktop.Select Run as Adminitrator in Win 7

Features:

"You are waiting for details and episodes from the history of Neo, were not included in the film.
"The new final stories, invented by the Wachowski brothers.
"Fabulous spectacular combat system.
"Melee combat, the use of weapons and firearms.
"The game has recreated the most dramatic moments of the film.
 

Do not cut / no recoded

Has the patch 1.1 and 1.2 (pull graphics and fixes graphical glitches)

Installation time ~ 7 minutes.

RePacked by [R.G. Catalyst] Release 

