Follow my uploads here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Elecont Weather (eWeather HD) is the most informative Android application about the environment: Current weather and weather forecasts from different weather providers, NOAA weather alerts, latest earthquakes, live radar, geomagnetic storm forecast, pressure change indicator and moon and sun calendar, METAR

The first App in the world with US Radar Widget, Weather Map Widget and Earthquakes Map Widget. 

Elecont Weather (eWeather HD) is recommended for those who are interested in weather, astronomy, aviation, hunting, fishing, travel, have a farm, private home or weather-sensitivity etc.

Features:

    HD radar: High resolution radar (USA only);
    2 world-known weather providers: Foreca and US weather provider;
    130,000 locations all over the world;
    17 original widgets of the weather, radar, time, moon phase, barometer, geomagnetic index, and UV index (1x1, 2x1, 2x2, 1x4, 4x1, 4x2, 3x3, 4x4, 5x2, 5x5 etc);
    10 day forecast;
    10 notification indicators in the status bar: temperature, moon phase, earthquakes, alerts, barometer etc;
    Animated Doppler NEXRAD radar on Google maps for USA except Alaska and islands;
    NOAA (NEXRAD) radar widget on OpenStreetMap (for USA only);
    Earthquakes widget on OpenStreetMap;
    Weather Alerts (Advisory, Watch, or Warning) from NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) for USA;
    Black ice and freeze warnings;
    100 latest earthquakes in the world on Google map;
    Barometer with headache indicator;
    Pressure forecast graph(Foreca only);
    Moon phase, moon rise and moon set times;
    Sunrise and sunset times;
    Duration of the day;
    Weather map with temperature and precipitation;
    Geomagnetic storm forecast;
    24 hour by hour forecast;
    Current weather conditions;
    Only uses 8 KBytes of internet traffic per city for each weather update;
    World clock;
    METAR from weather station (except Foreca);
    UV index;
    Precipitation probability;
    Precipitation amount: rainfall and new snow fall amount;
    Follow by location (uses GPS or Cell Network location determination);
    Full tablet support;
    Send weather forecast, weather alerts, Earthquakes by e-mail.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 17, 2012)

    Internet traffic is reduced.
    Graphics quality is increased.
    Location precision is increased.
    Font sizes is added for notification status bar area.
    Icon sizes is added for weather clock.
    Earthquake place description is added in earthquake map widget.
    Precision is increased for moon phase icon.
    New option is added for disable animation on screen swipe.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+



                                By bobiras2009		