Clean Feed: CF203 
http://www.cleanfeed-records.com/disco2.asp?intID=339

* Adam Lane: bass
* Avram Fefer: alto saxophone
* David Bindman: tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone
* Igal Foni: drums
* Matt Bauder: tenor saxophone, baritone saxohone
* Reut Regev: trombone
* Taylor Ho Bynum: trumpet
* Tim Vaughn: trombone
 
http://www.adamlane.org/fullthrottle.html

Reviews
~~~~~~~
By Stef

Wow, what an album! From the very first notes, you're sucked into jazz history,
full of Africa, full of blues, with the interplay and the soloing of the highest
level throughout. Adam Lane writes in the liner notes that "this is fun music,
designed to uplift the spirit and bring the listener and performer to a more
joyful place than they (we) were before", and believe, it more than delivers on
that objective.

The band is Adam Lane on bass, Avram Fefer on alto sax, David Bindman on tenor
and soprano sax, Matt Bauder on tenor and baritone sax, Igal Foni on drums, Reut
Regev and Tim Vaughn on trombone, Taylor Ho Bynum and Nate Wooley on trumpet.

The themes are compelling, starting with funeral march-like first piece,
"Imaginary Portrait", with African influences as on "Marshall", or Ellingtonian
as on "Nine Man Morris", but the blues is all-pervasive, with great highlights
in the quieter parts, as on the duet between Lane and Nate Wooley in the first
piece, or Lane's intro to "Desperate Incantations". Despite the composed parts,
the larger part of the music is improvised, over structural and rhythmic
cells. Two of the compositions, "Ashcan Rantings", and "Lucia" already figured
on Lane's "Four Corners" CD.

The solos are wild at times, bringing the music far beyond any concept a big
band might have, with sometimes two or three musicians overlapping. giving
expansive and expressive power to the already strong drive and pulse.

Lane himself is in full control of what is happening with his bass underpinning
everything without limiting the band. The sound quality of the bass is
absolutely exceptional too, with a kind of forefront presence that works really
well.

The great paradox about this magnificent music is like the blues itself : it
sounds so sad and melancholic at moment, so sweeping with "weltschmerz",
sometimes so full of distress and anger, but the totality is so deeply emotional
and full of joy that it's hard to describe. Lane's gut-wrenching and
heart-rending intro of the title track says it all. The only piece that is
joyful by itself is the last one, "Bright Star Calyspo" (sic), which collapses
into wild and rhythmless soloing, before bringing the album to its great
finale.

And it all fits, and there are no weak moments, not in the compositions (some of
them, like "Mahler" will stick to your brain for a while), not in the interplay,
not in the soloing. And you get your money's worth on top with this double-CD's
more than ninety minutes of absolute musical delight. Adam Lane knows and feels
and lives music. So far, all of his albums were among my favorites of the year,
but this one is superb.

Man, man, man - this is music I will still listen to with joy in a couple of
decades and recommend to my great-grand-children. (They will for once stop
listening to the electronic rhythmic bleeps that some new device will integrate
directly in the auditory part of their brains, they will for once stop being
totally disinterested in the ashcan rantings of their great-grandfather and
listen in awe to the great acoustic music of the past).

Highly recommended.

--

By Tim Niland

By Grego Applegate Edwards

By Chris Monsen

By Jose Carlos Fernandes (pt)

Por Sergio Piccirilli (es) 
http://elintruso.com/2010/11/03/adam-lane%E2%80%99s-full-throttle-orchestra-ashcan-rantings/

Por Cayetano López (es)

Por Ricardo Arribas (es) 
http://jazzitis.com/web/content/ashcan-rantings