 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1035730/

1024 X 432 video resolution Divx HD 1100k bitrate 256k audio
2hrs_11 minutes runtime

In German and some Russian

Subtitles found were for English certainly in addition to Dutch, Bulgarian
Finnish Spanish and Greek - The German pal dvd subtitles we tried had perfectly
matching sync at the start however the subs didnt fit the HD version in later
scenes as it is a different cut. 


Stars the lovely Ms. Nina Hoss from Germany 

The end of the war brought terrible tragedy to the German people - 
particularly including those there of our most dear of womenfolk 
on the planet.

This was a sad time with the crime of rape being taken for granted as a right
granted to the invader courtesy of Stalin-like thinking amongst many amongst
the invading red army of Russia.

That said, there is some human interaction amidst it all that keeps us 
sane enough and human enough to pick up the pieces after since it appears
that maliciousness is not in fact a universal crime even amongst those that
are found in the wrong company as it were as not all can be equally tainted
completely with the crimes if in fact there is no fair enough basis for such
fr those who were altogether innocent at heart.

The peoples of Russia have greatness in them too - especially the Irish
spirited women there too - often better true humanly warm spirited and sensible
than even what you will find in all the Americas (where they deservedly reign
supreme as the best German-Irish Christians of beauty on the planet!)  without
a doubt - and we are sorry that Russia was too invaded and brutally demeaned
by Nazi forces that should have been elsewhere looking for "lower forms of 
beings" (this causes insane levels of hate and malice towards all) instead - 
as Russia is not the place for such an attitude. It was Hitler that was 
exactly such a menace to the core - and he was cruel to our women
in what befell them as a result in Germany too from the defeat of
German forces of the Reich.

Nor is Germany ever going to be allowed to be defiled this way again 
as were the women of Berlin depicted in this terrible tale of a sad
state of criminality run-amok - so help me god (on behalf of all good men
that remain true to their spirit))!


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

A man who is capable of being good to a woman will remain so even in war
On the other hand a jerk is always a jerk - looking for any excuse to be
even more of a jerk when he can - if only they should all be made to fall
off the edge of the earth eh!
