I was only going to upload #4, but I didn't see #1-3, so here they are as well.

English | CBZ | 4 Issues

Warriors of Mars #1-4
Publisher:  Dynamite Entertainment
Date of Publication:  February - August 2012

Written by Robert Place Napton
Art by Jack Jadson

Before John Carter, another earthman visited the Red planet: Lt. Gullivar Jones. Now these legendary warriors are brought together for the first time! When Lt. Guillivar Jones happens upon a mysterious old man with a beautiful carpet he soon finds himself transported through space and time to the planet Mars where he meets the beautiful Princess Hera and a ferocious tribe of Red Martians bent on capturing her!

Warriors of Mars #1
Before John Carter, another earthman visited the Red planet: Lt. Gullivar Jones. Now these legendary warriors are brought together for the first time! When Lt. Guillivar Jones happens upon a mysterious old man with a beautiful carpet he soon finds himself transported through space and time to the planet Mars where he meets the beautiful Princess Hera and a ferocious tribe of Red Martians bent on capturing her!

Warriors of Mars #2
Barely escaping the River of Death, Gullivar tracks the Thither people who have kidnapped Princess Heru. He makes several shocking discoveries along the way as he goes deeper into Barsoom's unknown regions. Gullivar's past will soon collide with John Carter's present.

Warriors of Mars #3
John Carter learned of the Legend of an earth man named Gullivar Jones who visited Barsoom before he did. When Gullivar's mystical rug is discovered Carter comes face to face with the legend when Gullivar is resurrected. Now, just as these two earth men come face to face, another threat looms with the return of Gullivar's greatest foes--the mysterious Thither people! 

Warriors of Mars #4
The return of the Thither people has forced an uneasy alliance between John Carter and Gullivar Jones. Fighting side by side, they venture into unknown regions to try to rescue Dejah Thoris and stop the Thither King from using the power of Gullivar's carpet to change the face of Barsoom.
 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7778240/Warriors_of_Mars_05