The next generation of DivX video! Download DivX Plus™ Software to play DivX®, AVI, MKV, MOV and MP4 video with our media player. Or watch these videos in other popular media players like Windows Media Player or Media Player classic. Purchase DivX Pro to create your own HD DivX videos.
 DivX® is a digital video format that offers a high-quality viewing experience on any device or platform — from your PC to your phone to your living room TV. Over 100 million devices that support DivX video have shipped worldwide from major manufactures, including DVD players, gaming consoles, mobile phones and more. DivX® gives you the power to watch, create and share high-quality videos on your Windows or Mac computer.

What's New

 • DivX Plus® Software lets you convert video between popular formats and enjoy an enhanced playback experience across all your devices, at home and on the go. New in this version:
 • Free conversion to DIVX and MKV using Converter and third-party tools
 • Two new MP4 profiles let you convert video for iPhone® and iPad®
 • Video Streaming to DLNA-compatible devices

What's Inside

 DivX Plus Software includes everything you need for a high-quality digital video experience including Converter, Player, Web Player and Codec Pack.

DivX Plus Converter

 In addition to high-quality output of DivX (AVI, DIVX) and DivX Plus® (H.264 video in MKV container) video for your PC and DivX Certified® devices, Converter now adds MP4 conversion to make sure your videos play well on iPhone, iPad and beyond. And with hardware acceleration, you can expect high-performance encoding that doesn’t overload your CPU or drain your battery.

 Designed for quick and easy conversion of the most popular video formats found on the web, Converter also lets you tweak encoding settings (resolution, file size and bitrate), combine multiple videos into one file, create a trick play track for smooth FF/RW, and add multiple subtitles and audio tracks. Add support for MPG, TS, VOB and SVCD files with the MPEG-2/DVD Plug-in.

DivX Plus Player

 Player delivers the best playback experience for movies, TV shows and popular web video formats (AVI, DIVX, MKV, MP4, MOV, WMV). With support for advanced features (multiple subtitles, audio tracks, smooth FF/RW), quick transfer to DivX Certified® devices and new streaming to DLNA-compatible devices, Player with DivX To Go® is the only tool you need for high-quality video playback of your collection—on your computer, throughout your home and on the go.

DivX Plus Web Player

 With high-quality streaming of the web’s most popular video formats including MKV right in your browser, Web Player completes the DivX Plus Software bundle. Enjoy stunning HD video with true 5.1 channel surround sound, multiple subtitles and audio track support, smooth playback with hardware acceleration, and the ability to download everything you watch online. And with support for DIVX, AVI, MKV, MP4 and MOV, Web Player is a great choice to publish video to your website or blog.

DivX Plus Codec Pack

 Codec Pack includes a full set of codecs, filters and splitters that powers Converter, Player and Web Player. And you can use Codec Pack’s pre-set profiles to output video for your DivX Certified Home Theater, HD or Mobile devices using your favorite video editing applications. With advanced encoding settings and hardware acceleration, this trusted Codec Pack from the makers of DivX video delivers a high-quality video experience on your computer.

Os Windows XP and Windows Vista/7/8

Site: http://www.divx.com/en/software/divx-plus