Bagets is a 1984 2-part Philippine youth-oriented comedy film made by Viva Films about a group of high school teenagers.


The movie focuses on the lives of five young boys - boy next door Adie, "overstaying" Tonton, the geeky Gilbert, the martial arts buff Toffee, and rich guy Arnel - as they try to pass senior year in a different high school (they were kicked out from their previous school). Along the way, they encounter some of the typical adventures and misadventures common to adolescents - young love, family problems, and sexual hijinks.
However, all does not go well, as their separate backgrounds generate problems of their own. Arnel is the only son whose parents want to take over the family business and his mother disapproves of his choice of girlfriend, Janice, who comes from a middle class background. Toffee seeks companionship in Christine, an older flight attendant, because his own mother, an actress, does not attend to his needs. Gilbert lives in a rented apartment where his mother is hard at work as a businesswoman and the father, a policeman, often hangs out at sauna baths when the rent is already months overdue. His situation is also the same as that of Tonton, who has stayed in senior year for four years. Adie's in love with Ivy, a girl next door who's actually married.
Reality hits the gang the hardest when Tonton loses his girlfriend, Rose, in a car accident while drag racing on the same night of the junior-senior prom. As graduation day draws near, it dawns on the gang that they will have to grow up to prepare for life after high school.


CAST:

William Martinez as Tonton
Herbert Bautista as Gilbert
J.C. Bonnin as Toffee
Raymond Lauchengco as Arnel
Aga Muhlach as Adie
Jobelle Salvador as Melissa
Eula Valdez as Janice
Yayo Aguila as Rose
Irma Alegre as Fe Alvarez
Chanda Romero as Christine
Herminio Bautista as Butch Bautista
Baby Delgado as Ivy
Bembol Roco as Buko Vendor
Robert Campos as Arnel's father
Rodolfo 'Boy' Garcia as Tonton's father
Celia Rodriguez as Adie's mother
Luz Valdez as Gilbert's mother
Rosemarie Gil as Arnel's mother
Liza Lorena as Toffee's mother


from wikipedia.org

This is an avi file from a VCD rip
i can't join the files so this is a two file video.