Native Instruments Massive STANDALONE VSTi RTAS v1.3.0 x86 x64 (32bit and 64bit)

MASSIVE is a sonic monster ΓÇô the ultimate synth for basses and leads. The analog concept belies the contemporary, cutting-edge sound it generates. The high-end engine delivers pure quality, lending an undeniable virtue and character to even the most saturated of sounds. The interface is clearly laid out and easy to use, ensuring you will have MASSIVE generating earth-shuddering sounds from the very first note. 


This unique synthesizer has its own uncompromising character that produces the most distinctive of sounds. From the deepest low end, MASSIVE is capable of the creamiest, punchiest basses to give your tracks a solid foundation. Razor-sharp leads that cut through the mix, even with grit and dirt piled high, set MASSIVE apart among analog style soft synths. And just beneath the surface, MASSIVEΓÇÖs overwhelming array of wavetable oscillators, versatile modulation options and bountiful filter and effects sections offer a sonic spectrum as broad as it is inspiring.


On top of its 600 production-ready factory presets and multi-sounds, MASSIVE now contains the full libraries from former products 'Massive Expansion 1 and 2', 'Urban Arsenal 1 and 2', and 'Massive Threat', giving you a total of over 1300 sounds, all crafted by leading artists and sound designers.

Finding the right sound is easy. The efficient search and intuitive filter functions let you find presets according to specific characteristics and attributes - a particularly musical and intuitive approach.



On stage, MASSIVE is sure to grab the limelight. An array of special features makes it ideal for live performances. The integrated step sequencers and effects section as well as a highly flexible modulation concept deliver the necessary versatility. All these features have been implemented with a focus on usability, with the result that MASSIVE is just as easy to use on a hectic stage as it is in the creative environment of a studio. 



    High-end audio engine sets a new standard both in sound quality and sonic character
    Flexible signal flow delivers huge range of sounds: from deep, brutal basses to delicate, crystalline leads
    Wave Scanning oscillators generate sounds of both a digital and an analog nature
    Innovative and intuitive features allow fast and easy creation of fresh new sounds
    Combination of simplicity with revolutionary, advanced features make MASSIVE ideal for both beginners and experts
    Easy-to-use knobs with dynamic value indicators, drag'n'drop modulation assignment
    Integrated step sequencers and an effects section with 17 master and insert effects
    Advanced sequencing and remote features make MASSIVE perfect for live performance
    Over 1300 inspiring presets, including the full libraries from former products 'Massive Expansion 1 and 2', 'Urban Arsenal 1 and 2', and 'Massive Threat'


What's new:
- New preset browser with 4 columns: Bankname, Type, Subtype, Mode
- Changed preset file format - files are now called .nmsv
- Batch file conversion from .ksd to .nmsv added to File menu
- Import option for single .ksd files added to File menu
- File open/save only works with .nmsv files files from now
- Plugin states will be recalled in host, but saved in new format
=> reopening projects saved with Massive 1.3 will require 1.3 or higher
- Default location of User presets moved to
/Native Instruments/Massive/Sounds
- The following products are now part of the Massive factory content:
* Massive Expansion Vol.1
* Massive Expansion Vol.2
* Urban Arsenal 1
* Urban Arsenal 2
* Massive Threat

SUPPORTED INTERFACES

    Stand-alone
    VST
    Audio Units
    ASIO
    Core Audio
    WASAPI
    RTAS (Pro Tools 8 and higher)

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

Windows 7 (latest Service Pack, 32/64 Bit), Intel Core Duo or AMD Athlon 64, 2 GB RAM 


INSTALLATION

    Mount or burn with your favorite virtual drive

    Run setup

    Done.