
PART  382


JULIE COVINGTON - Don't Cry for Me Argentina (1976)
MADONNA - Don't Cry for Me Argentina (1996) 



"Don't Cry for Me Argentina" is a song from the 1978 musical "Evita" with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and lyrics by Tim Rice.The musical "Evita" began as an album, before being adapted for the stage. The song was first offered to singer Elkie Brooks who turned it down. 
Julie Covington sang “Don’t Cry for Me Argentina” for the original 1976 studio release. The single reached No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart in February 1977 for a week, selling almost a million copies in the United Kingdom.
American singer-songwriter Madonna recorded her version of the song for her starring role in the 1996 film, "Evita". Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine commented: "Easily one of Madonna's greatest vocal performance to date, the singer's dramatic interpretation of Evita's unofficial theme song was both loyal and bizarrely autobiographical." The single turned out to be a big worldwide hit, taking the number one spot in several countries, most notably in France, where it became her second number one (after "La Isla Bonita"). It was a U.S. top ten hit, peaking at number eight, and a number three hit in the UK Sales and airplay were aided by the dance remix. In Europe it was her ninth single to top the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles.


María Eva Duarte de Perón ; 7 May 1919 – 26 July 1952) was the second wife of President Juan Perón (1895–1974) and served as the First Lady of Argentina from 1946 until her death in 1952. In 1951, Eva Perón announced her candidacy for the Peronist nomination for the office of Vice President of Argentina, receiving great support from the Peronist political base, low-income and working class Argentines who were referred to as descamisados or "shirtless ones". However, opposition from the nation's military and bourgeoisie, coupled with her declining health, ultimately forced her to withdraw her candidacy. In 1952, shortly before her death from cancer at the age of 33, Eva Perón was given the title of "Spiritual Leader of the Nation" by the Argentine Congress. Supporting her husband's regime enthusiastically even as she was dying, Eva Perón was given a state funeral upon her death, a pregorative generally reserved for heads of state. Eva Perón has become a part of international popular culture, most famously as the subject of the musical Evita (1976).[5] Cristina Alvarez Rodriguez, Evita's great niece, claims that Evita has never left the collective consciousness of Argentines. Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, the first female elected President of Argentina, claims that women of her generation owe a debt to Eva for "her example of passion and combativeness". 