Hi Everyone,

I made this torrent for my two picture books The Lonely Lonely Chameleon and Sometimes Life Can Be Scary.  Normally these eBooks costs a little bit of money on my website www.pbpanda.com .  However I totally understand that not everyone has cash to shell out to everything.  That's why I decided to make a torrent for my own books.  Not because I am poor businessman, but because I have faith in the world that it will go full circle.  

I too have used The Pirate Bay for programs and such, and the ones I found I needed and wanted and liked I ultimately supported.  I didn't always buy the product, but I would usually donate in some way back to the creator.  That is why I think it's fair that I pay it forward.  Some of you will love it and want to send a donation back, and that's great!  Some of you will love it but not have any money, and that's fine too!  

I didn't get in the picture book business to become a monster.  Some people have money, some people don't but everyone deserves to have a few nice books to read in their library (be it in physical form or virtual).  If you do have the chance to pay it back my website is http://www.pbpanda.com . You can always just purchase my artwork or just donate back to the cause or just shoot me an email to keep up the good work at LonelyLonelyChameleon@gmail.com .  Regardless of what you do though, I want you to enjoy these books! 

You'll also notice I have this torrent nowhere posted on my website, and that isn't because I am ashamed of it or hiding it- but because one of my favorite things about The Pirate Bay is it's discreetness.  It makes it feel like a secret society.  I want coming across this torrent to be a total surprise and happy event!  

Anyway without further rambling, the description:

In this combo pack you will get:


The Lonely Lonely Chameleon eBook!

The Lonely Lonely Chameleon is different than everybody it knows- it’s has strange strange shapes and curvy curvy curves.  Because of this it only has one friend who isn’t always around and can’t always relate.  The Lonely Lonely Chameleon takes an adventure of a lifetime to discover what friendship is, what’s important and what isn’t and how to enjoy life no matter who you are and no matter where you live!  A story for everyone to learn from and enjoy!


Sometimes Life Can Be Scary eBook!

No one wants to be scared!  But sometimes life can be scary!  What do you do during those times when life is scary and you’re struggling?  In this book is an honest, fair and understanding of being scared and how to be brave!  Because even though life can be scary life can also be wonderful!

The combo pack also comes with a small coloring book too!  Just simply print the pictures and color till your hearts content!  

If you have any questions or comments please email me at LonelyLonelyChameleon@gmail.com