Tracks Eraser Pro

Tracks Eraser Pro deletes following history data for you:
Delete Address bar history of IE, Netscape, AOL, Opera
Delete Cookies of IE, Netscape, AOL, Opera
Delete Internet cache (temporary Internet files)
Delete Internet history files
Delete Internet search history
Delete history of autocomplete
Delete IE plugins (selectable)
Delete index.dat file
Delete history of start menu run box
Delete history of start menu search box 
Delete windows temp files
Delete history of open/save dialog box 
Empty recycle bin

With the free plugins of Tracks Eraser Pro, It can also delete history of up to 100 popular applications, it can

Delete playlist history of Realplayer 
Delete RealOne playlist history
Delete Media Player playlist history
Delete playlist history of Divx Player 
Delete QuickTime playlist history
Delete Microsoft Office recent files list
Delete Winzip recent extract files list
Delete Acrobat recent files list
Delete history data of over 100 other popular applications

Tracks Eraser Pro's other great features includes:

Secure Erasing overwrites the files a specified times with blank character, gives you the confidence that once erased by Tracks Eraser Pro, the files will be gone and no one can recover/undelete them.
Custom Erase Item you can choose to erase your own files and registry 
Homepage Protection prevent the websites from modifying your homepage
Boss Key you can hide the opened browser's windows when other come in
Free up valuable hard-drive space it can free up a lot of disk space used by the cache and temp files 
Clean Free Space Clean the free space of hard disk by overwriting every bytes of the free space with blank characters. this makes the deleted history files unrecoverable. more info see here
Schedule Erase You can start an erase on windows startup/shutdown, or browser's shutdown, and even a specified interval you chose. see more
File Shredder With it, you can shred files easily, it overwrites files with blank characters several times (you choose), this prevents others from recovering your files.
Stealth Mode It can run in the background silently, no one except you know it's working and protecting your privacy
Test Mode you can see what kind of history will be deleted before they are really deleted
Live Update You will be notified once a new version or new plugins are available for download. you can download the new version or new plugins directly in the program.

Supported OS: 

Windows 98/ME/NT/2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7

Homepage: http://acesoft.net/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Use given key to register.
- Done, Enjoy.