Movie.Subtitles.Croatian.Danish.Dutch.French.Italian.Norwegian.Portuguese.Turkish

Game Of Thrones Season 2 is coming up soon so here is the whole season1 - Complete DVD-PAL with Cover in each folder.

Storyline
Seven noble families fight for control of the mythical land of Westeros. Political and sexual intrigue is pervasive. The dominant families are the Houses Stark, Lannister, and Baratheon. Robert Baratheon, King of Westeros, asks his old friend Eddard, Lord Stark, to serve as Hand of the King, or highest official. Secretly warned that the previous Hand was assassinated, Eddard accepts in order to investigate further. Meanwhile the Queen's family, the Lannisters, may be hatching a plot to take power. Across the sea, the last members of the previous and deposed ruling family, the Targaryens, are also scheming to regain the throne. The friction between these clans, and with the remaining great Houses Greyjoy, Tully, Arryn, and Tyrell, leads to full-scale war. All while a very ancient evil awakens in the farthest North. Amidst the war and political confusion, a neglected military order of misfits... 

Handling
 Syv adelige familier kæmper om kontrollen over den mytiske land Westeros. Politiske og seksuelle intriger er gennemtrængende. De dominerende familier er husene Stark, Lannister, og Baratheon. Robert Baratheon, konge af Westeros, spørger sin gamle ven Eddard, Lord Stark, at tjene som Hand af Kongen, eller højeste embedsmand. Hemmeligt advaret om, at forrige hånd blev myrdet, Eddard accepterer med henblik på at undersøge sagen nærmere. I mellemtiden Dronningens familie, Lannisters, kan være klækning et komplot for at tage magten. Over havet, er de sidste medlemmer af den tidligere og den afsatte herskende familie, Targaryens også lægge planer for at genvinde tronen. Friktionen mellem disse klaner, og med de resterende store Huse Greyjoy, Tully, Arryn, og Tyrell, fører til fuld-skala krig. Alt mens en meget gammel ondskab vågner i det fjerneste nord. Midt i krigen og politiske forvirring, ... en overset militær orden Misfits
