[CARG] Release. **ALL CREDIT TO ORIGINAL ENCODERS**. This is just a compiled collection of this T.V. Show with 2 missing episodes from season 1 episodes #6 and #7. Full Throttle Saloon is an American reality television series airing on the truTV network. The series provides an inside look at the world's largest biker bar located in Sturgis, South Dakota. Owner Mike Ballard and a full cast of characters race against the clock to serve huge crowds at the Full Throttle Saloon, which is only open for 10 days a year in August during the annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally. More than 300,000 people visit the Full Throttle during the annual event, where Ballard and his team are pressured to make a year's salary in a short time window, all while providing patrons an experience they will not forget. The Full Throttle Saloon series marks the first time cameras have been allowed to capture every minute. Production and broadcast historyFull Throttle Saloon premiered in November 2009 on truTV. The first season ran with seven episodes. Season two premiered in November 2010, with new episodes airing Wednesdays at 10pm EST.

Cast - Michael Ballard, Owner Michael Ballard, owner of the Full Throttle Saloon, purchased the 30-acre property in 1999 and turned it into the world's largest biker bar. Complete with dreadlocks and a motorcycle of his own, Ballard has made a career out of running a bar that is only open 10 days out of the year during the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally. Everyone calls him by his full name "Michael Ballard".

Angie Carlson, Marketing Director Angie Carlson is Ballard's girlfriend, and a dancer at the saloon. She also has her own section of the Throttle known as "Angieland." There, visitors can get their picture taken with Carlson's rear end, believed to be the most photographed butt on the planet. She also helps Ballard run the Full Throttle and oversees calculating nightly earnings for the bar. Michael and Angie got engaged on January 2, 2012.

Jesse James Dupree Jesse James Dupree is the lead singer of the rock band Jackyl and is Ballard's business partner. He oversees all of the entertainment at the Full Throttle Saloon and is also a series Executive Producer.

Other Characters Goat Boy is the Full Throttle emcee. Also helping out at the Full Throttle are Michael's sister, brother, mother and father.

The Full Throttle is the world's largest biker bar housed on 30 acres of land, which Ballard purchased in 1999.The indoor/outdoor bar includes several large stages, a burn-out pit, a tattoo parlor, zip lines, a wrestling ring, restaurants, dozens of stores, hundreds of cabins for rent and parking for thousands of motorcycles.Famous performers at the Full Throttle include Billy Ray Cyrus, Bret Michaels and Ice-T.Only open for 10 days a year in August (during the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally), the Full Throttle can average 15,000 guests a night. Video Codec: MPEG-4 Video (xvid) Resoultion: 624x352 Frame Rate 29.970029 Audio Codec: MPEG Audio Layer 1/2/3 (mpga) Channels: Stereo Sample Rate: 48,000Hz Bit Rate: 128kb/s



