Krizz Kaliko: Neh'Mind Ep 256kbps (will post better quality when obtained)


01. Knock Ya Wig 
02. Damage ft. Snow Tha Product
03. Way Out
04. Gumbo ft. Oobergeek
05. Get ThrowΓÇÖd ft. 816 Boyz 
06. Strange ft. Tech N9ne
07. Proof Of God (Inspired By Tech N9ne)



Krizz Kaliko began his musical career in the late 1990s when he began working with a local producer by the name of IcyRoc Kraven. Another local rapper by the name of Tech N9ne was also collaborating with IcyRoc at the time, which led to the two rappers meeting. Tech N9ne was currently working on a song titled "Who You Came To See" and Krizz made a comment that the song could have a better hook. Tech offered up the opportunity to prove his case, and Tech was blown away when Kaliko proved just that. Tech would bring Kaliko into his "inner circle" which would eventually result in Kaliko signing to the new-found label Strange Music co-owned by Tech N9ne and Travis O'guin.

Since then, Kaliko has often contributed to albums put out by Tech N9ne, be it being featured as a rapper or simply providing background vocals for the tracks on the album. Although the largest portion of his work is that of his collaborations with Tech, he has also performed similar tasks for fellow labelmates Kutt Calhoun, Skatterman & Snug Brim, and Prozak. Other collaborations include tracks with the Kottonmouth Kings, Potluck, E-40, T-Pain and Twiztid.

His debut album, Vitiligo released on May 6, 2008, charted on several Billboard charts including peaking at number 19 on the Top Independent Albums in the week of May 28, 2008. In the same week, he peaked at number 167 on the Billboard 200.

His second studio album, Genius, was released on July 14, 2009.

A number of his songs can be heard in the background of the strip club scenes in the movie "Big Fan" starring Patton Oswalt.

Krizz chose the title Shock Treatment for his third studio album. Other titles he considered were "Son of Sam" and "Walk on Water."[4]

"S.I.C.", his first EP, was released on May 17, 2011.

In June 2011 he was featured on Winnipeg's Most's second single, Forgive Me, from their second album GoodFellaz.

 SHOUT out to Wunpunch. Thanks and support strange music..If you buy then You will have the best quality. <(*_*)> yoda