Book Description
Inspired by the success of their best-selling introductory programming text, Java Software Solutions, authors Lewis, DePasquale, and Chase now release Java Foundations, Second Edition. This text is a comprehensive resource for instructors who want a two-or three-semester introduction to programming textbook that includes detail on data structures topics. Java Foundations introduces a Software Methodology early on and revisits it throughout to ensure students develop sound program development skills from the beginning. Control structures are covered before writing classes, providing a solid foundation of fundamental concepts and sophisticated topics.

Presents objects in a gradual, natural manner. Concepts that overlap with procedural programming, such as methods and their invocation, are discussed in terms of an object-oriented approach.
Loaded with fully implemented examples, intertwining small examples, and realistic larger examples that are easy to understand.
Offers complete chapter on Graphical User Interfaces that includes engaging graphical examples.
Exclusive coverage of software-testing and debugging effective practices.
Provides plenty of opportunity for practice with extensive end-of-chapter questions, exercises, and projects.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1. Introduction
Chapter 2. Data and Expressions
Chapter 3. Using Classes and Objects
Chapter 4. Conditionals and Loops
Chapter 5. Writing Classes
Chapter 6. Graphical User Interfaces
Chapter 7. Arrays
Chapter 8. Inheritance
Chapter 9. Polymorphism
Chapter 10. Exceptions
Chapter 11. Recursion
Chapter 12. Analysis of Algorithms
Chapter 13. Searching and Sorting
Chapter 14. Stacks
Chapter 15. Queues
Chapter 16. Trees
Chapter 17. Binary Search Trees
Chapter 18. Heaps and Priority Queues
Chapter 19. Graphs
Chapter 20. Hashing
Chapter 21. Databases

Book Details
Paperback: 912 pages
Publisher: Addison Wesley; 2nd Edition (March 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0132128810
ISBN-13: 978-0132128810