Follow my uploads here:                
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                 
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

An intelligent keyboard with revolutionary context-sensitive text prediction, auto-correction, auto-learning, undo/redo/navigation capabilities and cool (and customizable!) skins (WP7, Windows 8 and iPhone for instance).

Over 35 language layouts!
English text prediction is built-in
Predictionaries (language packs) for text prediction are currently available for Spanish, German, French, Italian, Arabic, Russian and Hebrew!

Psychic word completions and predictions are generated by A.I.typeΓÇÖs servers on the Cloud. When the device is offline or Internet connection is too slow, or if you disabled Cloud-based prediction, word suggestions will be generated by the device only.

The keyboard also learns your unique words and style of writing (MyType). Just type your texts normally and it will keep learning. The learning model is stored on the device itself and is NOT shared with our servers.

Privacy notice: while installing A.I.type Keyboard, you will receive a warning message about collecting sensitive data. This is the standard general-purpose Android message issued for any downloaded keyboard and it does not pertain to A.I.type. Our keyboard DOES NOT COLLECT YOUR SENSITIVE DATA.

Features :

    Suggests your next word! 
    Completes your current word! 
    Corrects your spelling as you type! 
    Auto corrects your typos when you hit the spacebar (context-sensitive)! 
    Automagically learns your common words and style. We call it - MyType. 
    Supports unique themes (Windows Phone 7 theme, iPhone 4 theme, ICS theme, large buttons theme and more). 
    Allows skin customization - colors, background images etc. 
    Includes a layout for undo/redo/copy/paste/navigation and more.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 11, 2012)

    Add Shift+backspace for Del operation
    Automatically change skin when it installed.
    Support Emoji plug-in (Available soon!)
    Improve Korean keyboard
    Improve support on S2 mail client.

Required Android O/S: 2.1+


                                By bobiras2009		
