An Introduction to Management Science: Quantitative Approaches to Decision Making (Revised 13th Ed)
by David R. Anderson, Dennis J. Sweeney, Thomas A. Williams and Jeffrey D. Camm
South-Western College | March 2010 | ISBN: 143904323X | Pages: 1045 | PDF | 15 MB 
http://www.amazon.com/Introduction-Management-Science-Quantitative-Approaches/dp/143904323X

AN INTRODUCTION TO MANAGEMENT SCIENCE: QUANTITATIVE APPROACHES TO DECISION MAKING has been a leader in the field for over 20 years. The key purpose of this book is to provide undergraduate and graduate students with a sound conceptual understanding of the role that management science plays in the decision-making process. AN INTRODUCTION TO MANAGEMENT SCIENCE is applications-oriented and continues to use the problem-scenario approach that is a hallmark of every edition of the text, in which a problem is described in conjunction with the management science model that's introduced. The model is then solved to generate a solution and recommendation to management.Kindle textbooks are functionally equivalent to the print textbook.

About the Author
David R. Anderson is Professor of Quantitative Analysis in the College of Business Administration at the University of Cincinnati. Born in Grand Forks, North Dakota, he earned his BS, MS, and PhD degrees from Purdue University.
Dennis J. Sweeney is Professor of Quantitative Analysis and founder of the Center for Productivity Improvement at the University of Cincinnati. Born in Des Moines, Iowa, he earned BS and BA degrees from Drake University, graduating summa cum laude.
Thomas A. Williams is Professor of Management Science in the College of Business at Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT). Born in Elmira, New York, he earned his BS degree at Clarkson University. He completed his graduate work at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where he received his MS and PhD degrees.
Jeffrey D. Camm is Professor of Quantitative Analysis and Head of the Department of Quantitative Analysis and Operations Management at the University of Cincinnati. Dr. Camm received his Ph.D. in Management Science from Clemson University.
Kipp Martin is Professor of Operations Research and Computing Technology at the Graduate School of Business, University of Chicago. Born in St.Bernard, Ohio, he earned a B.A. in Mathematics, an MBA, and a Ph.D. in Management Science from the University of Cincinnati.