Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:               
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:               
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:               
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?qxev927nv7qz9rtfjyoi9xxkhtu9  cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3zg5097krq47nizipf6i183mt8qq  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?ha8xkflzbuugo7x4sit4jenr4siz  standing 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?3as3aijkgxetv7hntl3llm55ys6o  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?1rhaydudytosm5fs1jkjcn2qatt   ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zwd1uu643cnt3rzp9y8ydcfdjizc  spreading 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?gzy3r3w515og9rlqf8wkh7y0ik9g  vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?zvk8m0u538qjt3lxt91t9j1b3f    vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?u5qqyxu7h1z03qlhymiw6zsa0g7   vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?6cnbet4521v8t50a9eclx0src5    vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Aubrey's Comments: Um so I'll take that back about what I said last time that I'm not into girls. I really wasn't. To be honest I didn't think much about any girl until nikkie got all agressive on me when we were cuddling in bed once. I thought well why not let her play with me since my man is far away. She got me off that night with her tongue and she slowly grew on me. Now we hang out with each other in LA and are pretty much unseparable. I'm not sure if I can call it love but I'm really comfortable around her and she does most of the talking for me hehe. Sometimes its funny when we go out, I'm dressed casually like normal and she'll put on some strange combo of stockings & heels and schoolgirl outfit even if we're just going to the mall. We had to leave early from the shoot and I'm going back to my hometown for a few weeks to see my family but we will be back to shoot again.

Nikkie's Comments: I knew I would be back :)) How's everyone doing? Miss me? Since I shot last I've been hearing a lot about FTV this and FTV that and how girl-girl shoots are best there. I see why now because we're doing stuff I didn't think was possible! We can also be ourselves and nothing is overdirected like what I've done recently. Its also awesome that I'm doing it with my girlfriend! She's my one and true girlfriend :P I fell in love with her when I first met her a few months ago and there's just something so sweet and loving with her. Maybe because our personalities are so opposite also because opposites attract! She has the tastiest and prettiest pussy I love going down on her. I told u before I'm not too into guys and I'd rather be with a girl like Aubrey for the rest of my life. Ohh so I ended up having my period in the morning sorry you can't stop nature. I was sort of bloated so in the pics & video please don't think that I've gained weight or something its just that time of the month. So we're going come back and return to shoot some more.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Nikkie actually called me, saying that she wants to come back with her girlfriend to do a girl-girl, and when she mentioned Aubrey -- I said -- 'but she isn't into girls!' How some things change. When I picked them up from the airport, you could see the chemistry between them, with so much positive energy on shooting. Even when we arrived at the house their banter was so sweet I had to record it (outtake). Before they shoot girl-girl with anyone else -- I had to make sure I get them first. Usually porn sites will force them to go into generic porn mode with girl-girl (the faking, the noises, the porn personality) so having them while they're not influenced by that was the key. And so I was able to get some natural girl-girl action with them. We first headed out to some local stores, while they tried shooting each other & flashing. A little nervous, I had to encourage them to do a little more than just topless flashing. Out on location, they warm up with some sexy oral sex until we got some unwanted attention... then back home for more. Suddenly Nikkie ends up on her period (outtake shot -- I wanted her to squirt on Aubrey) and so we move to Aubrey masturbating instead. She has a nice, strong orgasm (with visible vaginal contractions) and gets really wet down there. So some erotic closeups of Nikkie giving her oral, spreading her wetness, and nibbling on her labia. We're forced to reschedule the shoot, & have them come back in a few weeks.


Nikkie's Comments: I've done quite a few shoots now since my first experience with porn on FTV (I remember that rainy day :) and some were cool others werent. I know there stuff people call extreme on websites like fisting I can't do it on myself because my hand doesn't reach but Aubrey can try! I had a bad experience with a site called ALS when I flew to baltimore where they did have a girl fist me but it hurt like mad because her fingernails scraped my cervix. After that they kept forcing me to do stuff that I didn't want to do and I was probably looking like a bitch to them but whatever it just wasn't cool at all. If it hurts real bad you shouldn't be doing it. Anyways, as u can see I'm alone today :( Aubrey never came back from her hometown. Her mom moved in with her and she's controlling everything. She may never come back :( Well I miss her but we waited a month to finish the shoot and so the photographer got impatient and just brought me alone. But I know u like me and you want to see more of me anyways hehe. My hair is different now almost reddish but it was the hairstylist's fault! I want it to be lighter but lets see what u think. I'm also more tan now. Only problem with tanning darker is that the stretchmarks on my thighs show more. I brought a suitcase full of clothes and we ended up shooting most of the day doing what I like best, masturbating :P I had more than two orgasms and a couple of squirts too. I haven't had a patch of hair for the longest time by the way so I hope you're happy that I had it to make a shaving scene out of it! I would've never ever thought I could stuff five carrots like that but the photographer has a way of encouraging you :)))

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  After the two parted, Aubrey went back home and never came back (supposedly because of her mom). So What you see here in the second video is over a month later, when I had given up waiting for the girls to return together. Nikkie is a whole lot of fun however, and members loved her original first time shoot, so I brought her back for more. For long labia lovers, the stretching and pulling up close, and gaping starts the up the video. She's always about those socks and unique outfits, but this combo was really cute in white. No doubt I had a say in what she'd wear, or she would have put on a strange 80's rocker outfit. I let her masturbate like she did in her first shoot, doing the finger rub. She rubs hard and fast until she has her orgasm, and gets very wet, leaking down her thighs. She had the cutest blonde hair on her vagina (and according to her its been a long time since she's had it) so after shooting her with the pubic patch, it was time for very intimate shaving scene. Tried to get it from every perspective possible. She showers up, doing some hard breast & butt massage, as well as anal fingering. At lunch time I get her to sing topless, while the employees watch from the window behind her. She later shows off her flexibility and does some toe sucking in the most unique way. Danielle had done a carrot stuffing scene earlier, and there were quite a few carrots left in the bag -- so why not shoot it for FTV as well. She manages to stuff 5, and once again every angle possible is thought out. Her playfulness continues throughout the shoot, making it a really fun free-flow video with kinky on top. Finishing off with the Vibraking, this time she's more prepared for it -- and she has several strong orgasms with mini-squirts that wet the tiles.  A small video of Nikkie doing her writeup can be found here.