

Release info:

ObjectRescue advanced software to recover data from all media devices such as digital cameras, audio recorders, MP3 players and WMA, PDA and mobile phones are. The software can take data from hard drives, flash cards, micro drives, IBM, cards, Smart Media, Multi Media Card (MMC), SD cards and other storage devices as well as data recovery. Supports wide range of media formats, including DOC, XLS, ZIP, RAR, JPEG, AVI, MOV, MP3, WMA, WAV ObjectRescue is the most important feature. 
Objectrescue Pro Recovery innovative algorithms and powerful search capabilities file types including music, photos, video, text documents, emails, etc., uses. As you know, modern digital devices can be used to increase space and again, the files are deleted. So sometimes your data or cause physical injury, damage or occasionally pressing the wrong button, the file will be deleted. The sudden attention to your valuable files may be lost. Also, media files can be deleted, formatted or deleted data from any storage space. Of course you will not lose your data, so you can easily and quickly and high power ObjectRescue Pro to recover your lost files.
 
Features software Objectrescue:
- Recover corrupted files or deleted. 
- recover data from formatted media. 
- recover data from damaged media. 
- Supports all formats of media, documents and archives. 
- Supports a variety of media formats to digital devices. 
- compatible with all digital devices and card readers. 
- easy to use and innovative user interface with a Wizard. 
- supports modern Windows NT/2000/XP/2003/Vista / 7.

Source:
credit goes to BRD (Thanks)

GREETS TO: 
All cracking groups and ppl working hard 
 who bring quality releases, friends, 
 supporters & all reverse engineering 
 related boards! 
SPECIAL GREETS FLY OUT TO: 
 
SND, RES, s0m, CiN1, AHTeam, LZ0, trsh 
 tonyweb, loki, Diver, DonDD and 
 all other talented groups out there.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.

Install:
1.Run setup file & install
2.Copy crack into install folder
3.Run from desktop shortcut
4.Select offline Activation
5.Activate the program using the key.


Screen Shot:
 
http://pixhost.me/avaxhome/c9/39/001c39c9_medium.jpeg