Key Matters - Series 2
BBC Radio 4
20 - 24 Sept 2010

In this second series of Key Matters, presenter Ivan Hewett explores the question of why certain musical keys have become associated with particular moods. For example, why is A major almost always employed by composers to write optimistic, even ecstatic music? And how has E minor become the key of choice for portraying menace and tragedy?

Episode 1 - A Major (20 Sept 2010)
In this first programme, Ivan meets pianist and conductor Jonathan Cohen to discuss the open optimism of A major. The music ranges from Mozart to Abba with some Carol King and Dvorak along the way.

Episode 2 - C Sharp (21 Sept 2010)
In this programme, Ivan is joined by pianist Kenneth Hamilton to explore the treacherous and obscure world of C sharp.

Episode 3 - E Minor (22 Sept 2010)
In this second series of Key Matters, presenter Ivan Hewett explores the question of why certain musical keys have become associated with particular moods. For example, why is A major almost always employed by composers to write optimistic, even ecstatic music? And how has E minor become the key of choice for portraying menace and tragedy?

Cellist and composer Philip Sheppard defines the qualities of E minor on Wednesday with music ranging from Brahms, Elgar and Shotakovich to The Clash.

Episode 4 - F Major (23 Sept 2010)
In this second series of Key Matters, presenter Ivan Hewett explores the question of why certain musical keys have become associated with particular moods. For example, why is A major almost always employed by composers to write optimistic, even ecstatic music? And how has E minor become the key of choice for portraying menace and tragedy?

In this programme, french horn player Roger Montgomery explains why F major is traditionally associated with pastoral and hunting sounds.

Episode 5 - D Major (24 Sept 2010)
In this second series of Key Matters, presenter Ivan Hewett explores the question of why certain musical keys have become associated with particular moods. For example, why is A major almost always employed by composers to write optimistic, even ecstatic music? And how has E minor become the key of choice for portraying menace and tragedy?

Ivan ends this week of programmes by talking with violinist Daniel Hope about the majesty and glory of D major.
Produced in Birmingham by Rosie Boulton.