Nirvana - Roots of Nirvana - CD Rip - (Flac) - Mojo Magazine   



   01 Mudhoney - In N Out Of Grace (Remastered)
                                                
   02 Clown Alley - On The Way Up
                                                                 
   03 Beat Happening - Bewitched
                                                                 
   04 Shonen Knife - Twist Barbie
                                                                 
   05 Big Black - Bad Penny
                                                                       
   06 Fang - The Money Will Roll Right In
                                                         
   07 Big Dipper - You Are Not Patsy
                                                               
   08 The Vaselines - Jesus Wants Me For A Sunbeam
                                                
   09 Young Marble Giants - Colossal Youth
                                                        
   10 Meat Puppets - Plateau
                                                                      
   11 Scratch Acid - Cannibal
                                                                     
   12 Green River - Aint Nothing To Do
                                                           
   13 Melvins - Night Goat (AmRep single version)
                                                
   14 Flipper - Sex Bomb
                                                                          
   15 Iggy Pop And The Stooges - Gimme Danger



Uploader Note:

The Vaselines - Jesus Wants Me For A Sunbeam (Covered by Nirvana for their MTV Unplugged In New York concert)        


CD Liner Notes:

...The Vaselines, The Breeders, Scratch Acid, The Pixies, The Sex Pistols, Raincoats, Melvins, Tales Of Terror, The Stooges, Butthole Surfers, Young Marble Giants....

...the list goes on. It is one of many that populates Kurt Cobains Journals, published posthumously in 2002, which detail the bands that the author was listening to and which provide an insight into the music that shaped Nirvanas sound.  
Then again, spend any amount of time with any member of Nirvana and the conversation soon turned to music in animated terms. While the band themselves struggled with the dehumanising influence that came with global superstardom, as  
individuals they never lost their passion for music itself. That said, there were moments of guilt-tripping brought on by an adhesion to an almost impractical punk rock code, the rules of which were often reductive and which Kurt himself realised were there to be broken.

Kurt Cobain Quote:

Punk is musical freedom. Its saying, doing and playing what you want. In Websters terms, NIRVANA means freedom from pain, suffering and the external world, and thats pretty close to my definition of punk rock


That definition of punk and musical freedom is embodied on this 15-track collection that is designed to reflect just a few of Nirvanas influences. In truth, to do them justice we would need a box set. Watch out! Here comes another list...


Liner Notes by: Phil Alexander (Editor-in-Chief, MOJO Magazine, London, England. December 2010)


Format: Flac
Size: 400MB

Uploader Notes:

I have replaced the Meat Puppets track with a Flac version taken off their CD release. This was done because the version on this Mojo release had a faulty ending due to incorrect gap editing.

I have included a 320 MP3 of the Fang track. The version on this Mojo release has a faulty end and I have not been able to find a correct Flac version to replace.

I have included a 320 MP3 of the Big Black track. The version on this Mojo release has a faulty end and I have not been able to find a correct Flac version to replace.

I have added the standard two second silence to the beginning of each track and a one second silence at the end. This release is specifically designed for right click folder playback with VLC.  



To play Flac files - type into Google: videolan vlc player 

Download VLC media player, install and thats it.

Windows Media Player does not support Flac at the moment though there are free codecs that will allow you to play Flac files in WMP.

Both WMP and VLC player can be installed on the same computer without any problems therefore allowing complete freedom of choice. 

Flac is a lossless format and gives you CD quality playback.
