Book Description

Beginning SQL Server 2012 Administration provides the essential skills and knowledge needed to begin a successful career as an SQL Server database administrator. It’s an ideal book for those new to database administration, as well for those moving to SQL Server from other database brands such as Oracle and IBM DB2.

SQL Server is more than just a database. It’s situated within a larger context that includes solutions for reporting, for integrating data from other systems, for business intelligence and analysis, and more. Beginning SQL Server 2012 Administration paints the big picture to help you understand SQL Server’s place in the grand scheme. Then you’ll move into the nuts and bolts of installing the product, learning the management tools at your disposal, creating your first database, and maintaining that database in an ongoing state of readiness.

Beginning SQL Server 2012 Administration goes beyond teaching just the core competencies of effective database administration. You will also learn the latest trends in SQL Server such as virtualizing and consolidating of servers, and using SQL Server in the cloud as a service. Administrators experienced on other platforms will find insight from comparisons of key features between SQL Server and other platforms. Beginning SQL Server 2012 Administration lays an excellent foundation for success as an SQL Server database administrator.

    Provides the essentials of successful SQL Server administration
    Covers the latest trends such as virtualization and cloud computing
    Paints the big picture of Microsoft’s data platform

What you’ll learn

    Master basic database administration skills
    Plan and install new database environments
    Ensure the ability to recover from disaster and data loss
    Manage security and regulatory compliance
    Take advantage of new features in SQL Server 2012
    Create private-cloud databases for your organization

Who this book is for
Beginning SQL Server 2012 Administration is aimed at aspiring database administrators, as well as at experienced administrators from competing platforms such as Oracle. The book quickly provides the essentials of SQL Server administration, laying a foundation for success in a career as an SQL Server database administrator.

Table of Contents

    The Database Administration Profession
    Planning and Installing SQL Server 2012
    What’s in the Toolbox?
    Supporting the Developer
    Creating Tables and Other Objects
    Transact-SQL
    SQL Server Internals
    Database Backup Strategies
    Database Restore Strategies
    Common Database Maintenance Tasks
    SQL Server Security
    Auditing, Encryption, Compliance
    Performance Tuning & Optimization
    Fault Tolerance
    Cloud Computing for the DBA
    Database as a Service
    Where to Go Next?

Book Details

    Paperback: 440 pages
    Publisher: Apress (May 2012)
    Language: English
    ISBN-10: 1430239816
    ISBN-13: 978-1430239819

    File Size: 17.6 MiB
    File Format: PDF | EPUB | PDF + EPUB