Can somebody pass the Xanax around, please? This is painful and depressing, but we must not give up. We live in the most wonderful society ever created by man, and it is worth fighting for until the end. The task might seem hopeless, especially since the Liberals control these propaganda outlets at ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, and the education racket. It begins with you being the most informed person in any room you walk into. For every liberal cliche, you need to know 101 facts to refute their claims and supposedly good intentions. A simple example is Social Security. Most people think they are putting money away into a Trustfund, which is safe and the Democrats are saving it for them. I explain to people that there is no such thing as a Trustfund, the money goes into the general budget and it is spent right away. I tell people that in the private sector, it is a crime to touch a Trustfund, and the federal government has sent people to jail for it. Then I mentioned that whatever changes Republicans and Conservatives have offered, we never wanted to change the program abruptly. It has been around for 70 years, and therefore we do not want to change it overnight. This is something that will have to be reformed gradually over the next couple generations. And then, I go a step further, I ask them: Would you rather Social Security be a program where you give your money to the federal government and they spend it as they wish? Or would you rather have the option (I repeat the OPTION, the OPTION!!!!!) to put some of that money into an investment with your name on it, which nobody is allowed to touch until you retire? Guess what, I have had these discussions with some of the most liberal throwbacks you can imagine, and to this day, I have not met one person who knew about the "Trustfund" story and who disagreed with me in the end. Once people know the facts, conservative arguments always win. Always Always Always. An uninformed population will always fall for the empty promises of liberalism. And that is what the media has been doing for the past 100 years, it has been keeping the voters in the dark. We need to evangelize to the people directly and get the information out there. By the way, the same goes for the Medicare trustfund, the Highway trustfund, and the government worker's pensions.

Enjoy the weekend (at least try to).