EditPlus

EditPlus is a text editor, HTML editor, PHP editor, Java editor and Hex Viewer for Windows. While it can serve as a good Notepad replacement, it also offers many powerful features for Web page authors and programmers.

Features

Syntax highlighting

EditPlus supports powerful and customizable syntax highlighting for HTML, CSS, PHP, ASP, Perl, C/C++, Java, JavaScript and VBScript by default. Also, you can create your own syntax file to support other programming languages.

Internet features

Seamless web browser for previewing the content of your HTML document or Java applet without leaving the editor. Browser window also has common browser commands so you can browse Internet web sites as well as local HTML files.
FTP commands for uploading your local files to FTP server or for editing remote files directly.
Highlights URL and e-mail addresses in normal text files and lets you activate them with a single keystroke (F8) or 'Ctrl + double-click'.
Hex Viewer

The Hex Viewer allows you to display current file in Hex mode. You can switch back and forth between normal editing window and the Hex Viewer with one command.

Code Folding

EditPlus supports fast and convenient code folding feature based on line indentation. You can hide or disply lines of code with its indent levels.

HTML toolbar

The HTML Toolbar allows you to insert common HTML tags quickly and easily. It also supports useful tools such as HTML Color Picker, Character Picker, Table Generator and Object Picker.

Document selector

The Document Selector offers quick mouse access to all document windows currently loaded. Much faster than selecting on Window menu or pressing Ctrl+Tab key multiple times.

User tools

EditPlus supports user-defined tools, help files and keystroke recording files. The output of tool execution can be captured in the Output Window, so that you can double-click the error line to automatically load the file and locate the cursor to that line.

Auto completion

Auto completion is a time-saving feature which changes a short abbreviation into a complete string. It supports Perl and C/C++ by default. Also, you can create your own auto completion file to support other programming languages.

Cliptext window

The cliptext window is collection of text clips for quick and easy access. You can easily customize them, and you can also create your own cliptext file.

Document template

Document template offers a quick start when you create a new document.

Other features

Line number, ruler, column selection, powerful search and replace, multiple undo/redo, spell checker, customizable keyboard shortcuts, and more.

Supported Operating Systems

Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP

Homepage: http://www.editplus.com/

Installation Instructions:

- Install program
- Use given name and serial to register application.
- Done, Enjoy.