BullGuard Internet Security 2013 13.0.252

Platform.: WinXP/WinVista/Win7/Win8/32bit/64bit
Languages: MULTI13 - DE/DK/EN/ES/FR/IT/ND/NO/PR/PR-BR/SE/CH-S/CH-T

BullGuard Internet Security 2013 13.0.252 comes with the best security tools to offer you a complete solution against all online threats.

Cutting-edge Behavioural Detection that ensures superior virus catch rates.
Parental Control to keep your kids safe from online threats.
FREE PC Tune Up to keep your PC running fast.
FREE 5GB of Online Backup to keep your most important data, photos, music, and more safe.
FREE 24/7 Support
3-PC licence and FREE upgrades to new versions

Simple to install and easy to use.

Installs in minutes. The all-new design and intuitive layout make it simple for you to run a quick scan, adjust protection levels, back up your files, customize your settings and more. Everything is just one click from the main BullGuard home screen.

Antivirus. Catches all viruses.

Our latest version of Antivirus includes Behavioural Detection, which spots new viruses by how they act on your computer. Together with Signature-based Detection, which deals with known malware, they make up a multi-layered defence system for your PC that’s virtually impenetrable.

Firewall. Fends off cybercrime.

Protect your computer from unwanted hackers and identity thieves. The Firewall protects you against network attacks and prevents cyber crooks from entering your system.
	
Spamfilter. No spam, no scam.

Don’t lose time sorting out annoying spam messages! Let BullGuard Spamfilter keep out junk mail and e-mail scams, like phishing attempts, virus spreading and foreign language spam.

Safe Browsing. All websites. Checked!

Explore the web with ease and confidence. BullGuard’s special feature checks all the sites that come up in your search results. It tells you what they are about, which are safe, and cautions you about the ones harbouring malicious code or phishing attempts.

Parental Control. You define where the lines are drawn.

You can make sure your kids enjoy the web in full safety. With BullGuard’s Parental Control you can block their access to suspicious websites, limit their time on the internet and monitor their activity. This way you can prevent them from being cyberbullied and exposed to inappropriate content.

PC Tune Up. Your PC. Fast and clean.

BullGuard’s PC Tune Up removes unnecessary files to improve your computer’s performance. It frees up memory so your computer runs at top speed.

Game Mode. No interruptions.

Turn on Game Mode to play without alerts, updates and pop-up messages. Now you can just focus on winning.

Vulnerability Scanner. Keeps your PC in good health.

The Vulnerability Scanner checks your computer for out-dated software that hackers and viruses can exploit to gain access to your system, damage it or steal your identity.

Backup. Precious data. Safe and sound.

We’ve included 5GB of FREE online storage so you can keep your important data, photos, music and more safe. You can choose what you want to back up and how often, or just set the feature to auto backup. You can even back up content directly from folders with one click. And here’s more: your backed-up data is easily accessible whenever you want to view it or restore it to another computer or even your phone.

Support. Free 24/7.

Our support team is here for you 24/7, providing expert advice and quick answers to your questions.