S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Need for Speed: Most Wanted (c) Electronic Arts

29-10-2012......Release Date <-> Protection................EACore
Racing.............Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Need for Speed: Most Wanted is an open world Racing game. The game is
the 19th release in the long-running Need for Speed franchise, but
hearkens back to the earliest games in the series as players compete
in races with police unified against them. Races have a set beginning
and end point, with the open world game design allowing players to
complete each using whatever path they can find. Additional features
of performance include a unique blend of Simulation and Arcade
gameplay, social play options through the Autolog 2 feature, exciting
multiplayer support, and a large selection of vehicles.

Elude the Cops, and Competitors in Open World Racing Play

To be "Most Wanted," players need to outrun the cops, out drive your
friends, and outsmart your rivals. With a relentless police force
gunning to take you down, you'll need to make split second decisions.
Use the open world to your advantage to find hiding spots, hit jumps
and earn new vehicles to keep you one step ahead. In true Criterion
Games fashion, your friends are at the heart of your experience. In
an open world with no menus or lobbies, you'll be able to instantly
challenge your friends and prove your driving skill in a variety of
seamless multiplayer events. Your rivals will do everything they can
to stop you from getting to the top. In this world, only one thing is
certain - there can only be one "Most Wanted."

Take to the streets and become the Most Wanted driver in Fairhaven
City.

Features:

Open World Action - Lose the cops, your way. Hit jumps and shortcuts,
lay low, or shake the cops in surroundings that play to your car's
unique strengths. Freedom is everything. Drive anywhere with your
friends, discover hidden gameplay or utilize your knowledge of the
city to beat them in a never-ending supply of challenges.

Nonstop Multiplayer - Pick a car, hook up with friends and jump into a
nonstop playlist of tight, competitive events. No lobby screens means
the action never stops. Score big, rank up and earn endless rewards
and upgrades. Keep the fierce rivalries going between events with
endless opportunities to race, battle and explore in a huge open world.

Beat Your Friends - Autolog 2 ratchets up the intense competition with
personalized race recommendations and feeds broadcasting all of your
most newsworthy scores, speeds and times to your friends. Earn Need for
Speed points at all times on any system as you try to out drive your
friends and become the Most Wanted.

Racing Without Rules - It's survival of the fastest as Need for Speed:
Most Wanted fuses the franchise's, authentic "real car" feel with the
intense speed and aggression of Burnout. Power down, slide out, and
battle your way past cops and rivals using pure driving skill, and
heavy doses of nitrous.

The Best Performance Cars - Need for Speed: Most Wanted features the
most high-profile performance vehicles around. A sampling of these
include: Porsche 911 Carrera S, BMW M3 Coupe, Lamborghini Aventador
LP 700-4, Ford Mustang Boss 302, and Subaru Cosworth Impreza STI CS400.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!