JOIN THE CLUB! Are you ready for the most authentic football game on the App Store? Hit the pitch with some awesome new features...

ASTOUNDING VISUALS AND PRECISION CONTROLS
FIFA 13 is more realistic than ever – with all the authenticity and innovation you’ve come to expect from the FIFA franchise. Matches come to life with groundbreaking graphics and the most responsive controls ever delivered on iOS.

SHOW YOUR SKILLS
The new Skill Move button lets you choose your favorite tricks with simple swipe gestures. Master free kicks and penalty shots with full touch control. Get in the game with realistic 360° player movement. Pull off defense-splitting passes, rifling shots, penalty kicks, and pro-style tricks.

CHALLENGE YOUR FRIENDS WITH ONLINE MULTIPLAYER
For the first time ever! Compete with friends anytime, anywhere using Online Multiplayer. Rise to the top of the Leaderboards and use superstars like Messi and Benzema to crush your competitors around the world. 

JOIN THE CLUB
EA SPORTS Football Club lets you connect to real-world competitions, support your favorite club, and connect with friends, rivals, and millions of other players around the world. Level-up and earn experience points to build status. You can even relive famous real-world football events through in-game challenges. 

REAL PLAYERS, REAL TEAMS, REAL LEAGUES 
Featuring 30 leagues, 500 licensed teams, and more than 15,000 players. From the English Premiership and La Liga, to the German Bundesliga and beyond – take the superstars of football on the pitch in Quick Match, Manager or the brand new Online Multiplayer and Tournament game modes as you dominate your league and march toward glory in 32 authentic stadiums. 

SHOW OFF!
Now you can share your most glorious moments online – straight from Instant Replay!

NOTES: 
- FIFA 13 is a universal build and can be installed on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch.
- If you have FIFA 13 installed on multiple devices, you can save a Manager Mode or a Tournament game onto iCloud on one device – then continue playing on another.
- Compatible devices include: iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, iPad, iPad 2, the new iPad, iPod touch 3 (16 GB and above), or iPod touch 4.
- For the best game experience, we recommend playing on iPhone 4S, iPad 2, or the new iPad.
- Device Firmware 4.0 and above required.
What's new in Version 1.0.2
We’ve resolved an issue that some of you have experienced when playing on the iPad. We’ve also improved game stability for those of you who may have had intermittent crashes.

Remember, your feedback is very valuable to us. To address any additional concerns you may have, please visit us at answers.ea.com.