What's the movie about The film is a remake of the superhit Telugu film Vikramarkudu, which was also remade in Tamil as Siruthai, another superhit...
 Rowdy Rathore is a 2012 Bollywood action thriller film directed by Prabhu Deva and produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Ronnie Screwvala. The film features Akshay Kumar in double roles opposite Sonakshi Sinha. It is a remake of the Ravi Teja starrer Telugu film Vikramarkudu[3]. It marks the return of Akshay Kumar in the action genre after 7 years.[4] The film released on 1st June 2012, and received generally positive response from critics,[5] whilst opening to extremely strong box office collections....
 Shiva (Akshay Kumar) is a small-time thief in Mumbai who falls in love with Paro (Sonakshi Sinha) from Patna, who is in Mumbai to attend a marriage. Shiva makes his way into ParoΓÇÖs heart and she also starts loving him. Shiva tells her the truth about him being a thief and resolves to give up crime forever. But before that, he decides to swindle one last person for a large sum of money. This leads Shiva to Chinki, a young girl, who thinks that Shiva is her father. Flummoxed by what is happening, but forced to keep Chinki with her as a police officer (Yashpal Sharma) keeps his eye on him, Shiva slowly starts loving the innocent child.
Although he tries keeping Chinki away from ParoΓÇÖs eyes, the latter finds out about Chinki. Angry and hurt, Paro leaves for Patna leaving Shiva heartbroken. Soon, unknown goons attack him, taking him to be a latter named Vikram Rathore, ChinkiΓÇÖs real father. While many unknown persons help Shiva run to safety with Chinki in his arms, he is soon surrounded by the goons. It is then that ASP Vikram Rathore (also Akshay Kumar) makes an appearance and saves the day killing every goon by himself. But Rathore is grievously injured in the fight, and soon dies due to the injury.
Since Vikram Rathore is Shiva's lookalike, Shiva hides the death of Chinki's real father, and steps into the position of Rathore by raising Chinki with Paro, and also his position as a Police officer, and finishing off all the mafia goons who were involved in his murder, which leads him to a village named Devgarh.


This full movie Rowdy Rathore was uploaded by H.R.S.
 Not fake!!!!!!!!