Xhun Audio SmartRig Pro v1.0


SmartRig Pro is a simple and effective tool for guitarists, musicians and professional sound designers looking for a compact, high-end DSP, easy-to-use analog modeled Multi Fx/Cabinet suite – for both Live and/or Studio recording use.

Natural-born for Electric Guitars, SmartRig Pro is the perfect choice also to process and color a very extended range of instruments like acoustic guitars, acoustic and electric basses, vocals, electric pianos, synthesizers or even to bring back to life old live recordings and audio loops/libraries.







Features/Benefits:

An all-in-one complete environment featuring Analog Modeled Dynamics Processors, Multi FX Stompboxes and Amp/Cabinets/Room simulation

High-end, CPU-efficient DSP and rock-solid stability for both Live and/or Studio recording use

Process everything : plug-in any monoaural or stereo audio source like acoustic/electric guitars, acoustic/electric basses, vocals, electric pianos, synthesizers or even your old live recordings and audio loops/libraries

2-In / 2-Out or 1-In / 2-Out processing

CMP-1 : Master Compressor

EQ-3 : 3-band Equalizer

Four insert effects slots with the possibility to choose between 11 analogue modeled Stompboxes (more will follow)

Exclusive : Including Ambiverb, a high-end resonator-based natural Reverb algorithm

Amp/Cabinet simulation, with the possibility to choose between 6 legendary Cabinets including virtual recreations of Fender©¹ and Marshall©¹ vintage models (more will follow)

Room simulation

Full MIDI CC#s mapping

Supported Sample Rates : 44.1 / 48 / 88.1 / 96 kHz



Compatibility:

   VSTi for Windows , 32-bit , multi-core CPU support. Running in 64-bit Hosts / Environments is possible through Emulation / Bridges.

Required configuration:

   PC Windows , 32-bit VST Host installed , multi-core CPU recommended.





INSTALLATION

• Uninstall previous versions.

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Install


         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!