War of the Gods was an American four-issue comic book mini-series published by DC Comics in 1991.

Primarily centered on the character Wonder Woman, this storyline was intended to celebrate her 50th anniversary.  It was written and drawn by George Pérez, who would leave the Wonder Woman title following this storyline, with Number 62.

Worldwide, ancient gods suddenly begin trying to destroy the Earth, and each other.  While the ancient Roman gods wage war with the Olympian gods, the Egyptian, African, Norse, Babylonian and Thanagarian gods each want to recreate the world in their own images, and attack the superheroes who stand in their way.  Unknown to them, it is in fact the sorceress, Circe who has led each of them to wage war on each other, so she can destroy the Earth goddess, Gaea. With the threat of Wonder Woman stopping her, Circe makes sure she has her hands busy fighting Captain Marvel, under the influence of the Roman Gods, before he destroys the Greek Gods.  Son of Vulcan was originally asked to be the champion of the Roman Gods, but he declined.

Meanwhile, Black Adam recruits the Suicide Squad to help him launch an attack on the fortress of Circe.  The fight leads Circe to Themyscira, where she kills Wonder Woman by turning her back into clay.  While this happens, New Olympus is moved to Earth, where it ends up threatening Earth and all of existence.  The superheroes convince the gods of every mythology to lay down their arms and join them in facing the true enemy manipulating them, Circe.  After Captain Marvel is freed from the influence of the Roman gods, and Wonder Woman is brought back to life, Gaea regains her strength and the fight leads to Circe.  In the battle, Circe is taken from Olympus to the Tomb Of Cronus where she faces Wonder Woman and Donna Troy.  While using the Talisman, Circe is absorbed, and in turn her power fails causing her body to die, which in turn sets free the disembodied soul of Hecate.  Hecate tries to take possession of Diana, but is apparently destroyed by the Lasso of Truth.  In the end, the War Of The Gods is finally over, but at the price of the lives of Hermes, Eris, Son of Vulcan, and Harmonia, as well as Circe herself (although she would return later by unknown means.)  Eris would also return later, albeit briefly during Phil Jimenez's tenure as writer and artist on Wonder Woman.

Queen Hippolyta and Wonder Woman, mother and daughter, hug over how wonderful things turned out in the end.  The Amazons rebuild their home and now they have sisters and brothers from Man's World.  The world announced an apology for the blaming against the Amazons, as Themyscira is such an ally the world truly needs.  The same innocence goes for Steve, since he was revealed not to be under his own actions.  The fallen Amazons lay and are ignited in a ritual as those fallen can now go on their final journey to the Afterlife.  Wonder Woman goes to the military hospital where General Philippus is recovering, and helps out with herbs to heal her.  Later, Wonder Woman meets with Julia Kapatelis, where what is said at the graduation is the same on Themyscira and the world:  the future awaiting them is about to take its first step for the new journey to start.