iZip 2.4 Cracked from Mac App Store

$0.99
Category: Utilities
Updated: Apr 09, 2012
Version: 2.4
Size: 1.9 MB
Language: English
Seller: T-bone, LLC
┬⌐ 2012 T-bone, LLC
Rated 4+
Requirements: Mac OS X 10.6.6 or later

Description :

Get iZip for your mac. Uncompress zip, rar, stuffIt, 7-zip, cab and tar archives files.

Please feel free to email us with any questions or suggestions.

IZIP FEATURES
 

ZIP, UNZIP, ENCRYPT, AND SHARE FILES ON YOUR MAC WITH IZIP!
iZip is a simple to use, effective and powerful utility built from the ground up for Mac users like you! With the latest in compression and encryption technology built right in, iZip allows you to compress, secure and share your files with ease.

Archives appear as removable storage
Encryption and large files supported
New archive assistant
Secure sharing
Automatic updates
Currently supports ZIP, ZIPX, RAR, TAR, TAR.GZ and 7ZIP files with more to come!
 

ZIP AND UNZIP FILES
Use the familiar Mac Finder to easily manage the contents of the most common archive file formats such is those created by WinZip, WinRAR and others. It's so easy treating archive files as removable storage, you can save your documents directly to your zip file or even drag-and-drop files between archives. No more having to extract the whole contents of a large zip file just to get at one or two files! iZip is developed by engineers dedicated to the Mac platform and due to it's tight integration with the Mac Operating System you are able to enjoy seamless management of your archives. Imagine being able to zip and encrypt all your photos and videos from a trip abroad, then sharing the large zip file with a friend (and not having to worry about email attachment size limits) all in a few clicks... If your friend also has iZip, imagine them browsing your photos and videos in Cover Flow mode, viewing a slideshow and even playing your videos - all without having to extract anything from the file you sent them. Due to iZip's tight Mac integration all of this is easily possible!

 

ENCRYPT FILES
Secure your confidential data with powerful AES encryption. Keep unwanted eyes away from your personal information by encrypting your zip files using the powerful security features of iZip. iZip features up to 256 bit AES zip encryption so you can rest assured unauthorized users will not be able to view any of your confidential information.

 

SHARE FILES
Tired of hitting email attachment size limits or getting a bounce notification after spending half an hour or longer waiting for an email message to go through? Never waste time worrying about whether your file got through ever again! With iZip you have the ability to share your archive in a few clicks using the tight integration with the wonderful, fast and secure files.com file sharing service. Securely send and receive files amongst your friends and colleagues - even those running Windows or Linux!