Knack Magic Tricks: A Step-by-Step Guide to Illusions, Sleight of Hand, and Amazing Feats (Knack: Make It easy)
by Richard Kaufman, Elizabeth Kaufman and David Copperfield
Knack February 2010 ISBN-10: 1599217791 ePUB/MOBI/PDF 10.5/13.8/22 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Knack-Magic-Tricks-Step---Step/dp/1599217791
PDF conversion is mine.

From simple to advanced, and using household and inexpensive props, Knack Magic Tricks includes tricks using cards, coins, handkerchiefs, and fruit, as well as mental tricks, anytime tricks, standup tricks, and tricks especially for kids (to be performed both for them and by them).
There’s nothing like performing magic—and there’s nothing like plodding through a text-heavy book on the subject whose illustrations don’t quite “do the trick.” Enter Knack Magic Tricks. With instructions distilled to the most essential information you need, combined with 450 full-color photographs that lead you step by step through each action (many from the magician’s point of view), this book makes learning magic easier than you ever thought possible. Written by a noted authority, and using household and inexpensive props, it also offers plenty of advice on how to entertain an audience while performing mind-blowing deceptions, illusions, and sleight of hand.

450 full-color photos showing:
Card Tricks * Coin Tricks
Mental Mysteries
String Tricks * Rope Tricks
Bill Tricks * Fruit Tricks
Handkerchief Tricks
Cup Tricks * Magic for Kids

About the Author
Richard Kaufman is the foremost author and publisher of books on magic in the last 30 years. As writer, illustrator, designer, and publisher, he changed the face of publishing in the magic world in the late 1970s. Mr. Kaufman is also an internationally recognized sleight-of-hand artist and has starred in several DVDs on the subject, as well as appearing on the first two seasons of Criss Angel's TV show, "Mindfreak" and writing the trick section of Angel's book "Mindfreak: Secret Revelations." He is currently the editor and publisher of Genii, The Conjurors' Magazine -- the oldest independent magazine in the world devoted to the interests of magic and magicians. It can be found at  http://www.geniimagazine.com. Genii operates The Genii Forum, an internet discussion group open to all ( http://www.geniimagazine.com/forum) and also MagicPedia, the largest online encyclopedia of magic  http://www.magicpedia.net.