Identity theft, computer hacking and social networking are all used by a convicted embezzler, not long after he is released from prison, in a clever attempt to steal millions of dollars. This crime comedy was made by MGM and was shot on location and in their British studios in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire. That explains Karl Malden and Bob Newhart being in an otherwise all British movie. They are great and you actually see Bob show emotion a number of times unlike the well known dead pan delivery you would expect of him. Peter Ustinov co-wrote the screenplay and is the embezzler. Maggie Smith is wonderful as an inept secretary who would like to make a living playing a flute instead. There is a scene were Bob waits and pays for clothes which Maggie has selected in a on location London boutique. That place was owned by The Beatles...the Apple Boutique at 94 Baker Street...and was only open a few months. 

Directed by Eric Till                                       
Produced by Mildred Freed Alberg                                            
Written by Ira Wallach and Peter Ustinov   
Cinematography by Kenneth Higgins                                                        
Editing by Richard Marden                                                                      
Distributed by MGM                                                              
Release date September 19, 1968 
Length:  1:46:36
Starring    
Peter Ustinov as Marcus Pendleton / Caesar Smith                        
Maggie Smith as Patty Terwilliger Smith 
Karl Malden as Carlton J. Klemper 
Bob Newhart as Willard C. Gnatpole  
Robert Morley as Caesar Smith  

I added some things from about the same time period before and after this movie. Before are  IBM  electric typewriter, Alka Seltzer, IBM 224 dictaphone, Quaker Oatmeal (Bewitched) and IBM computers contribution to SAGE. After are an IBM is hiring, Newport cigarettes and Match Your Mood (Westinghouse promotion showing how you can customize the appearance of their refrigerators). The entire mpg file is in 16:9 ratio, as is the main feature, so with most of the extras there are vertical black bars on both sides. 

Video:  720x480 NTSC 29fps.mpg
Audio:  2 channel Stereo 48kHz
Total Length:  2:00:47            
