Sonar Kella (The Fortress)

				
1974, India. 120 min, Color, In Bengali with English Subtitles.



Credits
Producer:	Govt. of West Bengal
Screenplay & Direction:	Satyajit Ray
Based on the novel: 'Sonar Kella' by Satyajit Ray
Cinematography:	Soumendu Roy
Editing:	Dulal Dutta
Art Direction:	Ashoke Bose
Sound:	J. D. Irani, Anil Talukdar
Music:	Satyajit Ray
Cast	 
Character:	Performer
Pradosh Mitter, called Felu:	Soumitra Chatterjee
Lalmohan Ganguli, called Jotayu:	Santosh Dutta
Tapesh Mitter, called Tapesh:	Siddartha Chatterjee
Mukul Dhar:	Kusal Chakravarty
Dr. Hemanga Hajra:	Sailen Mukherjee
Amiyanath Burman:	Ajoy Banerjee
Mandar Bose:	Kamu Mukherjee
Mukul 2:	Santanu Bagchi
Uncle Sidhu:	Harindranath Chatterjee
MukulsΓÇÖ father:	Sunil Sarkar
MukulsΓÇÖ mother:	Siuli Mukherjee
TapeshΓÇÖs mother:	Rekha Chatterjee
TapeshΓÇÖs father:	Hardhan Banerjee
Journalist:	Asok Mukherjee
Advocate:	Bimal Chatterjee
 	 
Summary
Mukul, a young boy, is being haunted by memories of his previous life. He is taken to Dr. Hajra, a parapsychologist, for treatment. On discovering some drawings by Mukul that represent scenes from the past, Dr. Hajra believes that a fortress in the drawings may be in Rajasthan. Dr. Hajra decides to take Mukul on a trip to Rajasthan in the hope that it might be a cure.

A newspaper reports alerts some bandits. They kidnap Mukul in hope of getting their hands on the treasure. The detective Feluda is engaged, along with his assistant Tapesh, to recover the child.
Comments
Sonar Kella is a bewitching comedy-thriller for children of all ages. An exciting and fun-filled journey that takes audiences from Calcutta to Jaisalmer in Rajasthan including Felu and friends chasing a train on a camelbacks. Beautiful color photography and use of color for dramatic effect.
Awards
President's Silver Medal, Best Screenplay, Direction, New Delhi, 1974
Best Film, Direction and Screenplay, Government of West Bengal, 1974
Best Feature Film for Children and Young Adults, Tehran, 1975
