This is Konrad Heiden's monumental book Der Fuehrer - Hitler's Rise to Power (1944) which is a penetrating and firsthand portrayal of Hitler's developing career and the Nazi's consolidation of power and remains as incisive and compelling as it was when first published at the height of the 2nd World war. Heiden was one of the first critical observers of the rise of National Socialism in Germany after he attended a party's meeting in 1920. He worked for the Frankfurter Zeitung and the Vossischen Zeitung, but became a freelancer in 1932. A year later, he went into exile and finally ended up in United States. As a German citizen, Heiden watched Hitler grow from a small-time demagogue and failed revolutionary to a dangerously influential politician and finally dictator in total control of his party and eventually Germany. Starting with Hitler's unpromising youth and first political missteps, the author concludes with a gripping account of the "blood purge" of June 1934, in which Hitler executed his potential rivals in the Nazi Party and confirmed his monstrous vision for Germany. This striking narrative of the great German dictator's rise also illuminates the national character of the German people - those people who committed the crimes that aided the Fuhrer and those who allowed them to be committed. Der Fuehrer is an intriguing analysis of Hitler's rise to power that was written by one of his contemporaries and seeks to show the scheming, events, and popular sentiments that led to Hitler's rise to power while at the same time foreshadowing the danger of Hitler's rule. Heiden has supplemented his first-hand observations with a file of early Hitler material, most of it never before translated. His is the only book to give the whole story of Hitler's rise to power from the very beginning to the day when the blood purge eliminated the last opposition and left him absolute dictator of Germany. 780 pages. A must read for everyone. Note: Although the title is left in original German, the book itself is in English language.
