This is a collection of pictures I've collected from the Internet over the years.
It's intended to be the target of a screen saver slide show (I use XP's built in one).
Large images have been trimmed/reduced to a max dimension of 1900 pixels 
(i.e. full screen for my monitors). The total is around 30,000 .PNG images.

Available as one BIG base file:
    NSFW BABES photos of beautiful sexy women BIG collection (25k images)
        [ AND via eMule, the SAME CONTENT in 14 smaller parts, e.g.:
         NSFW BABES photos of beautiful sexy women 02 Angelina Jolie dpsecl.zip  etc ]
         
PLUS THREE suplementary files of for more recent additions:
        NSFW BABES photos of beautiful, sexy women collection SUPPLEMENT    (2500.png) 
        NSFW BABES photos of beautiful, sexy women collection SUPPLEMENT 2 (1500.png)
        NSFW BABES photos of beautiful, sexy women collection SUPPLEMENT 3 (1500.png)

The three supplements don't have subdirectory trees. 
The supplement 2 covers images I've collected between about August 2011 through March 2012. 
Suppliment 3 covers images between about April through November 2012.

Where I have only a few images of a particular girl, they're put in the /OTHER subtree. 
The directory sizes are typically <500 files so it doesn't take XP forever to make/cache
thumbnails.

I have attempted to improve the image quality where possible by trimming, 
sharpening, defocusing backgrounds, color correcting, improving the dynamic range, etc. 
Many images that were beyond color correction were converted to black & white 
instead (actually a slightly greenish off-gray.)

There are a few duplicates, as I've come across better/larger images over time, 
especially in some of my favorites (like Angelina Jolie), but not many --- 
except that the /ICONIC sub tree (in the basic BIG file) are all duplicates of other files 
(most, but not all, having the same number). /Iconics are particularly "high impact", 
large, colorful images, hence "iconic".

ENJOY!

