This fall Pro Evolution Soccer strides back onto the pitch to showcase dazzling new skills. Pro Evolution Soccer 2013 returns to the roots of football with unique levels of control plus major emphasis on the individual style of the world’s best players. Thanks to feedback from dedicated fans, PES2013 offers total freedom to play any kind of ball, which for the first time includes full control over shooting and the first touch. Endorsed by Cristiano Ronaldo, PES will continue to push boundaries, perfectly reflecting the genius of top level players and capturing the essence of modern teamwork. The result will be the most faithful recreation of modern day soccer to date.

Features

PES FC Puts the Control In Your Hands – Full control takes PES gameplay to a new level
Players now have the freedom to dribble, and pass however they choose
Dynamic first touch allows fans to trap and move the ball to create flowing movement
Response defending vastly improves the accuracy, timing and options to break up play
Introducing Player ID – A distinct identity
The physical features and skill sets of the world’s top footballers have been faithfully recreated
Celebrations, actions and goal keeper animations are now more tailored to real life than ever
Introducing ProActive AI – The AI engine under-goes another massive year over year improvement
ProActive AI means player and team decisions and movement are refined even further
Balance between attack and defense is honed and speed adjusted for greater realism and control
The PES team worked with real life goal keepers to improve motions ad GK logic to improve animations and quality of GK responses

game mode single / multiplayer

multiplayer: Internet

Pro Evolution Soccer 2013-SKIDROW
Size: 5.95 GB

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy	