Legends was a comic book crossover story line that ran through a six-issue, self-titled, limited series, and various other titles, published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987. Each of the individual crossover/tie-in issues had a Legends Chapter number header added to their trade dress. The series was plotted by John Ostrander, scripted by Len Wein, penciled by John Byrne, and inked by Karl Kesel.

The six issues of the Legends series could be read as an abbreviated story by themselves, or all 28 chapters could be read as a longer story that includes the Legends issues, as well as issues from other titles including Batman, Superman, and Secret Origins. It was also the first major DC Universe crossover after the events of Crisis on Infinite Earths. 

The plot of Legends is similar to the biblical story of Job, with the evil god, Darkseid, making a wager with the mysterious Phantom Stranger that he can make humanity turn against its heroes. To carry out his bet, Darkseid sends his minion, Glorious Godfrey, to Earth, where he uses his supernatural ability to control anyone who hears the sound of his voice, and turns them against Earth's heroes. To further his scheme, Darkseid sends a new fire elemental called Brimstone to Earth, where he defeats the Justice League.  Meanwhile, Captain Marvel is framed for murder when a cyborg villain called Macro-Man explodes mid-battle via Darkseid's machinations. Batman also suffers his own loss when Robin (Jason Todd) is trampled by a crazed mob. Fearing widescale panic, President Ronald Reagan declares martial law and bans all super-heroic activities in America. Reagan's Department Of Defense activate Project:  Task Force X, aka the Suicide Squad. Recruiting a team of expendable imprisoned supervillains, the Suicide Squad destroys Brimstone. 

Doctor Fate is forced to intervene when Glorious GodfreyΓÇÖs followers invade Washington, DC, and take over the United States. Dr. Fate organizes Superman, Batman, Captain Marvel, Guy Gardner, Black Canary, Teen Titans members Changeling and The Flash, the Martian Manhunter, Wonder Woman.and the Blue Beetle to oppose Glorious Godfrey. Together, they defeat the forces of Glorious Godfrey, including Darkseid's cyborg Hounds of War.

In the end, the masses are freed from Godfrey's power when Robin leaves his hospital bed and gathers an army of children, who are untouched by Godfrey's powers, to serve as a human shield between the heroes and Godfrey. When Godfrey strikes a young girl who argues that Godfrey is controlling them, the shock of Godfrey's actions frees the mob from his power. Godfrey himself is defeated when he steals Dr. Fate's helmet and puts it on, rendering him mindless as a result. In the aftermath, the Martian Manhunter, Batman, Blue Beetle, Guy Gardner, Black Canary, Captain Marvel and Dr. Fate form a new Justice League. Superman and the Flash decline membership, stating that they will assist if needed, Wonder Woman quietly exits, while Changeling opts to remain with the Titans.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
