I'm really glad I bought this book.
I am on the Dukan Diet and was eager to start it based on website reviews. However, while there is a lot of free information out there about the diet, none of the information was complete or even completely accurate. Many sites that claim to give you the facts on the diet actually contradict each other, and so after sorting through it all, I ended up with more questions than answers. The diet is new here, making its way from France and the UK mostly by rumor and word of mouth. The official website is not yet fully functional.

If you are not completely familiar with the diet it consists of 4 phases.(I will simplify here:) The first phase lasts an average of 5 days and is nothing but lean protein and water. The second is alternating days of protein only days and protein plus vegetable days and this phase lasts until you are at your goal weight. Phase three is where you continue as in phase two but add in specific foods to your diet (bread, cheese, fruit)and get "celebratory meals" 2x a week. The final phase is where you eat whatever you want everyday except Thursday which is a protein only day. This is for life. Those are the basics in a nutshell - but there is a lot more to know about what is allowed or not allowed and it is well-laid out in the book. Sticking to these foods, you can eat as much as you want whenever you want - and don't worry, there are plenty.

The book took a while to get here but it was worth the wait. Despite the language differences, it is well-written and very easy to understand. The diet seems to be well structured and the reasoning and science is well-explained and easy to "get". It also addresses specific issues that women face when trying to lose weight - which has been a question mark in other diets. The book has some recipes, a few I really like and rely on, some that just don't cut it for me. After the first 5 days you can really get creative with allowed foods, so its not a big deal.

In all, the diet is easy to understand, grasp and follow. In my opinion as a lifelong dieter, this will be my last. I am in my late 40's, have lost 10 pounds in about 3 weeks and feel comfortable in that I will be able to easily stick to subsequent phases that will prevent me from re-gaining the weight. This is largely due to the fact that you continue to see results on the scale even after the first week of losing water weight. (Unlike Atkins where I dropped the weight and then had little patience or will power to follow through with the latter phases.)

Having the book has allowed me to follow the diet accurately, so it works more efficiently. I am not hungry between meals and my energy level is high.
I suggest getting the book if you are serious about being on this diet.