Another torrent from goldenpirates.org

no viruses, no shit, no Bullshit, just pure PORN!

Site:                 
http://www.ftvgirls.com

Team:                  
http://goldenpirates.org

Uploader/Ripper: goldenPirates


More Golden releases here:                 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Goldenpirates
and here:                 
http://blog.goldenpirates.org/

Enjoy! 

This torrent contains two videos, (split into several files), and four photosets.  

Previews and screenshots:
 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?5bqm3u5n7tlneh6m63wlztvsxb0   cover 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?xpf2lznopp62dn20vartz85pb4m5  face 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?jerf46ho54buthv64xfy86r6cwvo  breasts 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?5wkm4q2hcpi1x89hzogbr5zxtftm  vagina 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?i87fdnn2o8p9ksgd3on7phxthwu   ass 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?sojnzg07yc9knfgs4vb2x9xilp    vid 1 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?mvhdalf500591d68b2n3scldh     vid 1 storyboard 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?goghly1a14h5bza78s3quzp67z    vid 2 screens 
http://media.goldenpirates.org/go.php?gsiviyyoeltixnadhghewfl16rd2  vid 2 storyboard

The video screenshots and storyboards are for only one file of each video.  Screenshots and storyboards for all video files are in the torrent.

Video descriptions from website:

Model Comments: Coming from a small town I definitely am a girl next door, raised by my mom and grandma. Whom I love dearly but don't get me wrong we have had our ups and down because crazy enough I am a grandma's girl because my mom was always working trying to make a living for us and do everything she could to make my life good. but being a grandma's girl, she taught me well but because of that her and I butted head the most... we kinda had a love hate relationship I am soo much like her that we tried to out do the other, and when she would give me advice and I didn't want to hear it or listen deep down I always knew she was right and I needed to take the wisdom from her. So I guess I would consider myself an old soul, seriously Im very old fashioned, I call people and friends the terms of endearment from sweetie pumpkin and dear... to my silly term I call people when I get frustrated.. a turkey, gosh isn't that one mean! I may be the girl next door but I am unique in many ways starting with my presentation I am very italian and look it. With my olive skin Dark hair and eyes that look straight into my soul and tell that I am a very kind and sincere person, which unfortuntately has been used against me and abused by many people. Not only am I Italian but quite the "spinner" too. Yes thats right I am a very petite young lady. only 5 '1ish closer to 5 foot now and a maximum 93lbs the highest I have weighed was 96.. but my whole family is small, my mom is 4'10 and grandma 4'11.. but Im not complaining I rather be small and petite than tall and bigger, because big woman are intimidating and I don't want to be that. I mean I have my sassy days, especially when I am hungry because I am hypoglycemic and when I am hungry I am hungry and must eat than and I mean right now or I will become a bitch and bite your head off.. I am a vegetarian so when I do eat its mostly veggies and fruit I have even had a near death experience with veggies. Because I love them so much I grow my own and one day I went to make my own salad from the garden went to pick some mushrooms that I thought had grow out of the bed they were in and onto the lawn, but boy oh boy was I wrong after I ate the scrumptious salad I went back to my apartment and within 20 mins I was vomiting diarrhea, hot flashes sweating and I knew something wasnt right so called my grandma and she came to pick me up as I was heading down the stairs I passed out the family drove to the ER and there the ER personal thought I had overdoes, or was trying to eat the hallucinating mushrooms but nope just a bad experience from mushrooms and yes I still eat them daily! but I do have a passion for cooking and love to cook especially with my family, and no I don't make my family eat only fruits and veggies... I cook with meat and have learned well from my lovely italian grandma. So besides being a great cook, I also am lover of music, movies and culture.. I love to dance and use to be a MAJOR band geek.. playing the clarinet for 8 years, trombone for 3 and mallets for 3. but in any sense I built up my appreciation for music and all types, so you ask me what kind of music do I like and Ill tell you all types, because I am by all means not a close minded person whatsoever. I think if you are you lose out on life and experiences that could have been major part of who you are and what makes you, you. (continues on the next page...)

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Wow, does she write a lot or what?  Most of the time I'm the one begging the girl to write more about herself.  Trinity is a relatively new girl in the adult industry, and with a lot of personality in this tiny form.  Sometimes shooting in public areas made me nervous with her, because she looks so young, I didn't want anyone to get the impression that I'm shooting an underage girl.  She stayed the weekend, so the shoot was split up into two days (thus allowing for multiple locations).   We started at a car wash, her flashing in the waiting area, even panty stuffing right there!  She got the attention of several employees, at least they were enjoying it.  In the car she plays some more.  While masturbating at home, the pink vibrator somehow didn't do the job, just brought her close -- so I took the risk and had her try the Vibraking.  The results were amazing, as she had three orgasms in a row!  Each one I tried shooting slightly differently, but in all three you see strong vaginal contractions (three in 5 minutes!).  She started getting pretty wet inside.  Then its off to the gym, where she flashes and fingers herself (again, the people there were pretty cool about it, so we didn't get into trouble).  These 'hidden camera' videos (including the grocery) were with my smaller-less obvious video camera, so the quality isn't as good in low light situations.  On her own initiative, she actually starts sticking the carrot in her butt at the grocery store!  This leads to a kitchen scene where she tries stuffing the carrot, cucumber, and zucchini as deep as she can go anally.  I had to teach her how to spread properly for improved penetration views, but the way her butt is shaped, anal penetration is harder to see.  She goes pretty deep on that yellow zucchini!  The last clip (clip7) is an outtake before we started shooting, where I startle her in the bedroom, and a breakfast interview.

Model Comments: Even though I just turned 21 I feel that my insight on life and how things should work and be are great and when someone comes to talk to me they are often times amazed at my maturity and well mannerism, but that comes from the experiences I have been through so far and the things that have happened to me that make me, me. Sure you might think that I am young and just out a college with a BA in pychology, yes got it young because I was brainy girl and started college classes at 16. But Im not a partier at all, Ive never even tried drugs, smoked a cigerette, or been massively Drunk. Do I ever what to be? No, I don't need that experience in my life. I don't want nor need to be in an alternate state of mind to be more comfortable with myself. sure I do have my one sin which is caffeine I drink coffee and diet coke like a crazy woman but tahts ok with me.. theres a lot worse things I could be doing or addicted to. I am me either you like me or you don't but most of the time you will because I won't give you a reason to not like me unless you some how offend or hurt my family than I become the mad crazy Italian woman defending the ones I love and are close too... which is mostly my family which is very small mind you, no brothers or sisters, just mom, gram, and I in the middle, than I have 2 uncles and one aunt and 4 cousins... also 2 other grandpas. so small but close. being an only child I am always questioned you must have been spoiled or wasn't I lonely that answer is a very big NO to both. I wasn't spoiled because I didn't come from a wealthy family or big family I came from singlemother household and had to become very independent very fast. so my childhood came and passed faster than most, and as far as being lonely. I never was either, just now I am a very private person and like my personal space, the only negative part of that is I have a very hard time staying in relationships because I like to be solo and do my own thing. I feel that I have a hard time giving my companion the time he deserves and I think that if you are in a relationship you need to meet them half way always, its never a 80 20 or 60 40 relationship always 50 50 and I just can't do it. So besides being a band geek, a nerd, and a spinner. I am also a fun and spunky girl. Im not going to lie I feel I give a radiant and make others feel good about themselves in any room I walk into I have eyes and a smile like no other and use them to my advantage. Im stubborn and not perfect I have my good and bad days Im lazy and energetic, but hey I like being that way.. I am a girly girl and yet not so much. I love makeup and dressing up but have never went to the spa, gotten fake nails or spent way to much money shopping! I like camping, I burp sometimes and I can kill a spider without screaming. Im a computer geek and love to blog, surf the internet and look up random things, I text like crazy but have a hate for it as well because its sooo impersonal. which I like to hear peoples voices and you can get a lot more done if you call the person instead of texting them for 3 hrs just to pick a movie to see. I love cats and am not a dog person. I have a massive bucket list of bungy jumping traveling, scuba diving. seeing the 8 wonders of the world, owning my own house and so much more.. to much to list.
I am also a morning day girl, I rather wake up early enjoy then sunshine and head home at 3 or 4 in the afternoon to wind down that sleep all day and wake up and be up all night I love heat and enjoy the sunshine, I don't do cold and if Im cold I will be in an awful mood seriously awful and wont be pleasant at all even trying to be I can't so you can say I dont like the snow and I don't like winter... summer and 80 degrees and up you bet I love! Maui, mexico, arizona! YOU ROCK! So even though I am small I think great things come in small packages and I am one package people will enjoy getting, wether as a friend, coworker, family member or just meeting me once.... you will remember me someway somehow.

Videographer/Photographer's Comments:  Its true about her being a morning girl, she gets up at 6am!  Wandering around aimlessly waiting for me to wake up.  I did catch her early in the morning talking to her family on skype.  Notice how candid she is about her adult modeling, and that they're actually cool with it.  Keeping her glasses on, she does the 'nerdy girl' masturbation, once again have 3 orgasms(!) with visible vaginal contractions.  I guess I will call her the triple orgasm girl, since they come in threes.  I told her to pick an outfit that totally stands out, and she put on something rather unique I haven't seen on FTV in ages haha.  We went out in the middle of a busy parking area, and had her dance for no reason whatsoever, and flash a bit.  Always funny to see peoples' reactions to such a random event.  Back home, more dancing then masturbation with the Vibraking for even more orgasms.  For those of you who like the seethrough spandex action, take a look at the photos taken in the bedroom.  Then some extreme closeups of her clit in both photo & video on the couch.  I asked her to pick her dressiest look, which again is rather unique to her -- and did the dressy shots at the resort along with spreads and anal fingering.  According to her, her vagina is so tight that she prefers anything more than a finger anally instead.  So we finish off with the Glass FTV Toy (I had her choose between the glass and the rubber kind) and see how she rides the thing.  Once again, I had to teach her how to spread her butt so we can see the penetration more easily.  She's definitely a very unique kind of girl, with a very open, candid personality -- she doesn't hide anything :)