Laura Hillenbrand - Seabiscuit [2001]



Narrator: Christopher Oxford


Genre: Biography and Autobiography, Sport

Unabridged: Yes


Publisher: Fourth Estate London

Published: 2001


Duration 15h 20mn 35sec


Audio: MP3, 2-channel, 128 Kbps @ 48000 Hz, CBR



Seabiscuit was a rough-hewn, undersized horse with a sad little tail and knees that wouldn't straighten all the way. For two years, he fought his trainers and floundered at the lowest level of racing, misunderstood and mishandled, before his dormant talent was discovered by three men. One was Red Pollard, a failed prizefighter and failing jockey. Another was Tom Smith, "The Lone Plainsman," an enigmatic mustang breaker who had come from the vanishing frontier, bearing generations of lost wisdom about the secrets of horses. The third was a cavalry veteran named Charles Howard, a former bicycle repairman who had made a fortune by introducing the automobile to the American West. 

In the summer of 1936, Howard bought Seabiscuit for a bargain-basement price and entrusted him to Smith and Pollard. Using frontier training methods that raised eyebrows on the backstretch, they discovered that beneath the hostility and fear was a gentlemanly horse with keen intelligence, awe-inspiring speed, and a ferocious competitive will. Competing in the cruelest years of the Depression, the rags-to-riches horse emerged as an American cultural icon, drawing an immense and fanatical following, inspiring an avalanche of merchandising, and establishing himself as the single biggest newsmaker of 1938 - receiving more coverage than FDR or Hitler. 

The true story of three men; a cowboy, a car salesman and a jockey blind in one eye, and their dreams for an ungainly racehorse - Seabiscuit - that symbolised a pivotal moment in American history as the country began to emerge from the hardships of the 1930s Depression era. Winner of the William Hill Sport Book of the Year.

Laura Hillenbrand beautifully renders this breathtaking saga of one horse's journey from also-ran to national luminary. Seabiscuit: An American Legend is an inspiring tale of unlikely heroes, a classic story of three embattled individuals overcoming the odds in the Great Depression.