

Release: The Long Duel [Yul Brynner] (1967) DVDRip Oldies
Title: The Long Duel
Title in Brazil: Os Turbantes Vermelhos
Uploader: labok
Size: 1,10 GB
Genre: Adventure
Language: English
Runtime: 115 mins
Resolução: 688 x 416
Video Codec: DIVX
Subtittles: Spanish
Audio Codec: MP3
Taxa de Biltrate: 96 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 5,6 (awaiting 239 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061916/
Directed By: Ken Annakin

Starring:  

Yul Brynner ... Sultan 
Trevor Howard ... Young 
Harry Andrews ... Stafford 
Andrew Keir ... Gungaram 
Charlotte Rampling ... Jane 
Virginia North ... Champa 
Laurence Naismith ... McDougal 
Maurice Denham ... Govenor 
Imogen Hassall ... Tara 

Synopis:

Superintendent Stafford of the United Provinces Police, has his men arrest an entire tribe on vague allegations of poaching and theft in British India. Their leader, Sultan, father of a young boy, Munnu, whose wife, Tara, is expecting their second child, is also arrested and held in a cell with criminals in Fort Najibabad. Sultan, Tara, and many others manage to break out, but Tara and the newborn both pass away. Sultan, with the help of his men, decides to revolt against the oppressive British - who create a mobile unit, led by Freddy Young, to counter this revolt as well as announce a reward of Rs.500.00 - but Sultan manages to elude them. Then amidst clashes between Freddy and Stafford, and the entry of Jane Stafford, it is made known that Sultan's tribe will be transported by train to a compound in Delhi. This news reaches Sultan and he prepares to attack the train and free his people - little knowing the trap he and his men will soon be walking in to.
 
Sinopse Pt Br:

Em 1920, na Índia, após sua tribo ser feita prisioneira pelos colonizadores ingleses, chefe tribal hindu foge, e passa a organizar ataques, saqueando propriedades inglesas e distribuindo aos pobres nas vilas, conquistando assim suas amizades e apoio. Os conflítos não impedem que o chefe Sultão, fique amigo de um oficial da polícia britânica.

Screens:



