To "install" these DLC's you need either a cracked version of rocksmith (TinyIso's)
or the steam version with atleast 1 DLC bought.

if you have atleast one DLC, read the text below


full list of available DLC's here :
 
http://rocksmith DOT ubi DOT com/rocksmith/en-us/downloads/index.aspx


---------------------


Before you read this, All songs have been repacked with the APP_ID from damnit - blink187 so if you already have this song, you don't have to do anything, just drag the songs into your content folder


HOW TO GET THESE SONGS WORKING ON LEGIT ROCKSMITH (STEAM)

Green and I found a way to get the DLC's working on a LEGIT rocksmith version (uncracked)

the only requirement is that you own atleast ONE DLC of any kind (time saver pack/song/ preorder thingy (any .dat inside your content folder that you ACTUALLY own)


Run RocksmithTookitGUI.exe that comes in the rar in this torrent.

1. Go to the DLC Packer/Unpacker tab and unpack your DLC (anything that you OWN inside your content folder) .. then open the APP_ID file with notepad and copy the number inside there

2. then fill in that number in the textfield (theres the APP ID from the song Damnit)

3. then select the folder where you'd like all the output we are going to get (make this something else then the folder where all your DLC's are) - SavePath

4. and click bulk repack and then select the folder where you have all your downloaded DLC's 

(make sure the only files inside that folder are .dat files, else the program will probably crash (I didn't program any error checking))
then click Bulk Repack.. now it may look like the program is hanging or going to crash but it won't, it's just busy repacking your DLC's



What it's doing now is.. unpacking all the DLC's you have in that folder.. editing the APP_ID number and repacking them again.. Just look inside the folder.. you'll notice when it's done 
then copy all the .dat files to your content folder and voila.. got all DLC's on legit rocksmith