(Now we just need the other 3 DVDs in the series!)
 
http://www.yogaundressed.com

-----
Welcome to the Garden of your Soul, the sheltering playground where you will uncover your original self, the joyful, unguarded, bold spirit you truly are. 

What you are about to see will delight and inspire you  - - an exceptional Tantric yoga practice, celebrating and honoring what is natural, seeking to unite all dualities in oneΓÇÖs own being---shiva and shakti, male and female-- cultivating reverence for your highest self in order to awaken the divine.

This flowing vinyasa practice blends Hatha and Kundalini styles, and honors the human body in its most sacred form.

Shape your own classes according to time, skill level and intention.

Explore this beautiful union of vinyasa yoga and erotic art where your body becomes the canvas.

Meet your Kundalini shakti, your sacred, sexual energy, your ΓÇ£secret tool,ΓÇ¥ that has the power to transform, manifesting in great health, creativity, and abundance, inspiring you to reach your full potential in every area of your life.

Kundalini awakening opens the door-- you have only to walk through it.

We invite you to join us, to get undressed and embrace your universal oneness, your sacred sexuality, your true nature. 

Experience a greater awareness and expanded sense of freedom as you see and feel your body move from one posture to the next, inspiring a more mindful, sensual and connected practice. 

Give yourself permission to feel joyful and radiant---at home in your own skin, blissfully unselfconscious and aware.

Lose yourself to the feeling of peace and bliss that is your true and immortal essence. Shed your coverings and reside in your pure untouched, infinite nature. 

Discover a shimmering oasis, where your natural beauty becomes the catalyst for deep transformation.  The energy that you cultivate becomes the river of enlightenment, rising up through your spine, sending a thousand beams of light from your crown into the universe.

Enter our sanctuary, and together we will journey to a place beyond exercise, to that timeless space at the core of your being----to your inner landscape, where the poetry and power of your soul meets your physical body, where you can reach out and touch the beating heart of the world.

Embark on a path with us and meet the energy of your existence, the sacred, sexual power of the divine feminine, of the goddess, source of life-giving energy, prosperity and enlightenment, movement, creativity, life itself.  

May these DVDs remind you of the eternal power and grace of your life force, of your boundless, unfettered spirit, and your natural beauty, unadorned and perfect because of it-- the freedom and essential aliveness that yoga serves to liberate.

Yoga, undressed - - sheltering playground, sacred sanctuary.  Your journey to the true coalescence of body, mind and spirit begins here ...

Sat Nam
Namaste ~