Requires Android: 2.1 and up
Category: Communication
V1.8.3.14 update:

Overview:
Root Call Blocker is a powerful call and SMS firewall for root users. It is completely silent and works considerably faster than all other applications on the Market. The root daemon ensures blocking 100% of the time.
Supported languages: English, Español, Français, Deutsch, Italiano, Ελληνικά, Português, Magyar, Polski, Român, Pyccĸий, Українська, Türkçe. If you want to help translate, visit

Unlike all other call filters, Root Call Blocker silently blocks calls at a system level. You need not even know its working and can choose to be notified only if specific people are blocked.

Advantages:

★ Blocked calls never go through
★ Keep blocked calls and messages hidden
★ Your phone never rings
★ Reject unknown, withheld and private numbers
★ Clear frequent call logs on ICS
★ Block area codes or countries
★ Import from files

Features:

★ Five reject methods, including “Don’t answer”
★ Encrypt your backups
★ Hidden mode
★ Groups integration
★ SMS auto-replies
★ Scheduling
★ Export from hidden logs
★ Encrypted backup

TRIAL allows one item. You can use Google Groups to block multiple numbers.

WARNING – APPLICATION REQUIRES ROOT ACCESS, read the following for more information:

WARNING – TEMPORARY DATA LOSS AT FIRST RUN IS NORMAL, your mobile data connection will return in a few minutes.

WARNING – READ THE HELP AND HINTS before writing to us with questions. Its the polite thing to do.

If you need help, use “Write to us” in the app’s settings, come visit our XDA Developers thread, our blog or find us on Facebook. You can tweet at us too!

Dont believe the hype about Extreme Call Blocker, Mr Number or Call Control, those apps are not the only ones that work on Gingerbread – RCB functions on any Android version 2.1 and up, is much faster and 100% silent.

This app does not control your voicemail service. If your blocked calls are being sent to voice mail, try another blocking method or use Google Voice. You can simulate a disconnected message by forwarding busy calls to a number that doesn’t exist.

OUTGOING CALL permissions are needed for obfuscation mode, refer to the Help for more information on why, possibly free hat racks for your tin hats.

ACCOUNTS are needed for Google contact Groups.

SEND SMS needed for auto-replies, SMS routing and obfuscation.

INTERNET ACCESS mandatory for licensing, Flurry and the “Write to us” feedback tool.

LOG DATA is only sent with your permission via the “Write to us” menu item in Settings. If you block access using a permissions security app, RCB will not work as intended.
SIMILAR APPS THAT ARE NOT AS GOOD: Blackbook, SPC, Shady SMS, iBlacklist, Blacklist, Redlist, Private SMS/MMS Box, Fox Private Message, Horizon, Locky, Hide Text & Call, Conspirator, Android Call Blocker, Extreme Call Blocker, or Shady SMS.