CAST
Amy Brooke, Bobbi Starr, Franceska Jaimes, Gracie Glam, Magdalen Art, Markus Waxenegger, Nacho Vidal, Nick Lang, Phoenix Marie, Reinhard, Trina


DESCRIPTION
Director Raul Cristian and his Cruel Media Productions have become synonymous with hardcore, male-dominant sex with a slick, European flavor. In the double-disc Nacho Vidal vs. LiveGonzo, the Cruel Media style of take-no-prisoners fucking meets the infamous sexual energy and ferocity of Spanish madman Nacho. It`s a perfect match! The disc includes 26 minutes of bonus material and photo slideshow.First, slutty-n-shapely Amy Brooke initiates her super-cute, young co-worker, Gracie Glam, into a heavy-duty three-way with Nacho. He ravishes the two sweethearts and shoots his sperm on Amy`s back; Gracie laps up the load and orally swaps it with her co-slut.Next, bodacious blonde Phoenix Marie takes Nacho`s enormous pole up her big ass. He plows her backdoor until it gapes and shoves his dick down her throat ass-to-mouth. After creaming on her face, he pours on some cereal from a box - anal sluts need their fiber!Senor Vidal gives tall beauty Bobbi Starr a rough, testosterone-fueled anal bitch-banging that involves spit and intense wrestling maneuvers. The brunette stunner is left face-down on the carpet, exhausted, splattered with semen.Nacho brutally sodomizes Colombian knockout Franceska Jaimes; he chokes the leggy seductress with his thick cock and finger-jams her G-spot until Franceska squirts steaming girl-juice all over the place in multiple, trembling climaxes.Finally, three guys from the director`s notorious stud stable (Nick Lang, Markus Waxenegger and Reinhard) treat sexy Euro-blondes Magdalen Art and Tina to an orgy of fierce fuckery, climaxing in cum facials and snowballing kisses. Warning: This porn is not for the meek of heart!



Screens: 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=25a79sog0wrsd84f9jwj.jpg
 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=wm1mug80mdviv576f1h8.jpeg
 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=nubqg8x687v9vyul4f6g.jpeg
 
http://ximg.me/viewer.php?file=wrzv0h2ytt2a2mef473y.jpeg