Jaya Ganga ~ 1998 ~ Hindi ~ 493 MB ~ E-subs ~ Phantom

Jaya Ganga is an NFDC film based on Vijay Singh's first novel Jaya Ganga, In Search Of the River Goddess . The film is shot on breathtaking locations across North India, including Gomukh, Gangotri, Rishikesh, Haridwar, Chunar, Benares , Paris and Limours. The film has been screened at several major film festivals across the world. It was first screened at the Montreal International Film Festival in the official competition category. Its first screening in India was at the 27th International Film Festival of India in New Delhi in January 1996, and it was later released in other cities in 1997. Its releases in India and Europe got it a lot of critical and commercial success. This was also the debut for its lead actress Smriti Mishra.

SYNOPSIS
Nishant, a young Indian writer living in Paris, is journeying down the Ganges, from its source in the Himalayas to the sea. Haunted by the fantasy, or the memory, of a beautiful Parisian woman called Jaya, he plans to write a book around his voyage. On the banks of the turquoise Ganges, one morning, he chances upon Zehra, an irresistible poetess-dancing girl in the tradition of the great courtesans, who performs in a nearby brothel. Zehra resurrects the memory of Jaya. As love casts its spell once again on Nishant, he asks Zehra to join him on his journey, but her illusory freedom is shadowed by a formidable network of the brothel's spies. Nonetheless, Nishant manages to make Zehra flee from the brothel, and join him on his journey. Romance takes over. A new life begins for Zehra as Nishant would like her to accompany him back to Paris. Half way down the river, at the height of their romance, Nishant receives a telegram. Zehra soon realises how Nishant's fantasy of a half-real half-unreal woman could transform her life into a journey of ambiguous surprises...

Cast :
Asil Rais - Nishant
Smriti Mishra - Zehra
Paula Klein - Jaya
Vijay Singh- Sanjay
Anupam Shyam - Bulldog

Media Info:

Language - Hindi (Indian)
Video Size - 493 MB
Video Codec - H.264/AVC
Video Res - 720 x 464
Video Frame Rate - 29.97 fps 
Video Bitrate - 862 Kbps
Video Container - Matroska Video
Subtitles - English Hardcoded
Audio Codec - AAC
Channels - Stereo
Sample Rate - 48000 Hz @ 128 kbps
Length - 1 Hr 19 mins

Screenshots: 
http://bayimg.com/haOopAADa