Be the ultimate assassin in the Hitman Sniper Challenge by testing your reactions, focus and skill in a stand-alone hit available only for Hitman Absolution pre-purchases. Unlock weapons and upgrades that can be carried over into HITMAN: ABSOLUTION and compare your scores with other players around the globe using online leaderboards.

HITMAN: SNIPER CHALLENGE has been created as a standalone experience to reward fans who pre-purchase HITMAN: ABSOLUTION.

From a balcony overlooking a roof-top party, you are tasked with taking out Richard Strong, Jr., CEO of Stallion Armaments, along with his entire staff of bodyguards. Skilled players will capitalize on score multipliers, discover secret extras, unlock equipment upgrades, and marvel at the many creative ways to discretely dispose of a body while they work to fulfil their contract in the most efficient way possible.

Title: Hitman: Sniper Challenge
Genre: Action
Developer: IO Interactive
Publisher: SQUARE ENIX, Eidos Interactive
Release Date: 1 Aug 2012
Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish


RELEASE NOTES

Get ready to pull the trigger on a completely new chapter in the
award-winning Hitman series. Be the ultimate assassin in the Hitman
Sniper Challenge by testing your reactions, focus and skill in a
stand-alone hit available only for Hitman Absolution pre-purchases.
Unlock weapons and upgrades that can be carried over into HITMAN:
ABSOLUTION and compare your scores with other players around the globe
using online leaderboards.

HITMAN: SNIPER CHALLENGE has been created as a standalone experience
to reward fans who pre-purchase HITMAN: ABSOLUTION.

From a balcony overlooking a roof-top party, you are tasked with taking
out Richard Strong, Jr., CEO of Stallion Armaments, along with his
entire staff of bodyguards. Skilled players will capitalize on score
multipliers, discover secret extras, unlock equipment upgrades, and
marvel at the many creative ways to discretely dispose of a body while
they work to fulfil their contract in the most efficient way possible.

Features:

The high-powered Kazo TRG sniper rifle and a host of other upgrades can
be unlocked and carried over into HITMAN: ABSOLUTION.

Online leaderboards will allow players to compare their sniping
abilities with players around the world, separated into global,
national and friends lists.

Get a permanent score boost by completing 14 in-game challenges that
come with a score modifier.

Earn the coveted Silent Assassin rating and double your score

INSTALL NOTES

1. Install
2. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
3. Play the game
4. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

SEED PLEASE!
SHARING - IS CARING LOL