POV.Junkie.5.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-STARLETS


Cover
 
http://www.seedimage.com/IMG/viewer.php?file=18549582792690943793.jpg


Screens
 
http://www.seedimage.com/IMG/viewer.php?file=27454032488611095825.jpg
 
http://www.seedimage.com/IMG/viewer.php?file=20005010771244121024.jpg


Leilani Leeanne, Cherry Torn, Sheena Ryder, Nikki, Zuri

The POV junkies are back with bouncy bootys in volume 5. Lots of anal and ATM's!

The POV Junkies are Back with Bouncing Booty's in Volume 5! Lots of Anal and ATM's!

Leilani Leeane - Anal addict Leilani Leeane is at it again stuffing white cock up her black ass POV style!

Ava Alvares - Brown eyed big booty Ava Alvares shows Vince how a big booty should be handled! Wit oil of course!

Cherry Torn - 1 dirty white girl with a booty, Cherry Torn, gapes both her holes and loves ATM's!

Sheena Ryder - Big booty Puerto Rican Sheena Ryder takes it up the ass in her 2nd anal scene!

Nikki - Video Virgin Nikki all natural 38 DDD's!

Zuri - Zuri brings her all natural 38D's and her ebony ass over to bounce on some white cock in her Porn Debut!

Blonde Haired, blue-eyed, All natural Cherry Torn is a soft spoken Dirty Mouthed little Anal Slut! In her words 'there is not much I won't put in my mouth'. Cherry takes the Cock in all holes in true Porn Star fashion, taking ass to mouths from the Anal pile driver not to mention trading spaces from her Pussy to her Ass. Cherry is a True Porn Slut hands down!

Ava Alvarez brings her Huge Bubble Butt over for a Bouncin' on Vince's cock. This brown eyed beauty really is something to look at not to mention Fuck. Ava insists on showing Vince how to handle such a Huge ASS by suggesting drenching it in baby oil!

21 Year old Video Virgin Zuri comes all the way from the windy City of Chicago. This all natural breasted ebony slut brings her 38D's over for some fuckin' and suckin'. Zuri says she is more into girls than guys but she definitely likes to get some dick and it shows. If you like 'em black your gonna love Zuri!

Sheena Ryder may have the Roundest Butt I have ever seen. Perfectly proportioned Vince decides to stuff It with His cock in Sheena's 2nd anal Scene to date. Sheena really Rides the cock in all holes for a frosty facial!

Leilani Leeane needs no introduction. This Anal Addict is at it again stuffing white cock up her Black ASS and sucking the Butt juice right off. Leilani takes the cock in all holes getting DP'd with cock and toys ending in an OILY facial!

Another Video Virgin Nikki brings the biggest natural Rack to the screen: 38DDD's. Yup Triple D's! This nut case really takes to the cock and titty fucking her felt as good as pussy.