Description
Number 1 App in 6 countries!
It’s time for high flying mischief and crazy tricks with your favorite feathered friend! Join Woody Woodpecker and his pals as they race across green valleys and icy slopes. Speed past your opponents and grab first place by timing your touches just right. 

Created by renowned cartoonist Walter Lanz, the unforgettable animated collection comes to life in this addictive and hilarious racing game that’s fun for all ages. 

Press Quotes
"Addictive, has plenty of replay value and lots of content to keep you going for the long term."— God is a Geek, 9/10

"...if you are looking for a roller coaster ride starring Woody Woodpecker then you won’t be disappointed."— The Smartphone App Review

"Woody Woodpecker’s appearance would be cool in a just about any iPhone or iPad game, this app included, because — well, he is Woody Woodpecker and people just love the little guy."— Crazy Mike's Apps

"Woody Woodpecker is worth the price of admission, and you’ll get a hearty laugh out of it."— Apple N Apps

• RIDE THOSE HILLS
Choose from any of the five famous Woody Woodpecker characters and ride those slopes. Use the super simple one-touch mechanic to gain momentum on the down slope and fly out like a rocket on the other side!

• FAMOUS FACES
All of your favorite characters are here - Woody Woodpecker, Chilly Willy, Winnie Woodpecker, Miss Meanie, and Buzz Buzzard! Each has their own special characteristics including acceleration, top speed and even a special power-up. 

• THE RACE IS ON
Take your skills online and race against people from all over the world using the quick and easy Wi-Fi based multi-player mode. 


For more information or support, please visit www.chillingo.com
What's new in Version 1.1
Brand new KNOCKOUT MODE

• Knockout mode features a 4 stage race where at the end of each stage the last racer is eliminated. 

• Three knockout races across the Golf, Arctic and Circus worlds, it's knockout fun for every