 Downloaded from Rockbox, More details about the band there also.
If you like this,support the band,buy the cd.Also seed it as much
you can.Cheers/horns up and many thanks to the original uploader!!!!

BIRTH THROUGH GORE was created in 2007 by Paschalis Tassioudis , Aggelos HSR and Nick . Before Birth Through Gore Paschalis Guitars, Nick Bass, Thomas Bairaktaris Lead Guitar Vocals , John Aghoul Drums and Aggelos Vocals (former Obscence) were all involved in the Death Metal Underground Band EVADE (1999-2007), with years of delivering pure Death Metal pleasure to our brothers in Thessaloniki.

After nearly 2 Independent self released albums and Live performances we decided to make a more powerful and brutal approach to the music itself and with the departure of Thomas and John, create a monster Birth Through Gore a three piece skull pressuring band. in terms of writing, the devastating compilation of the Drum programming, riffing violence of Paschalis and aural aggression of Aggelos, combined creativity with constant rehearsing in our studio , brought 8 songs to the great recording hours.

In 2009 we contacted our good friends ERECTUS and their guitarist Stealth, to start, as our sound engineer and everything for the sound man, record our debut album "Reign Of Depravity". With excellent production and pounding sound on March 2009 we were ready . John ''Rem3dy'' Nakos from the Brutal Death Metal band MORTAL TORMENT who has created art for bands such as Devourment and Prostitute Disfigurement made the album covers. After we came in contact with Sevared Records we decided that , as of 2012 our first album will be released through this highly recognized Record Label and Distribution!

Rehearsing with fury from now and onwards we are trying to level up constantly , so a Drummer (Michael K. from the Death/Grindcore band INTO THE GORE) and as a very good friend of ours since the 20th century , volunteered to learn the drum programmed mayhem of BIRTH THROUGH GORE and join his force with us . Regardless the difficulties in our paths throughout these years We are dedicated in stretching our limits of creating music further. More brutal and technical elements shall burst forth , be prepared ...
You like it? Grab it by communicating with the band at:
or
