Gallery: 
 
http://imagedomino.com/?g=789739

This latest double-disc package from French auteur Manuel Ferrara is full of the kind of nasty anal sex that's so good, it's evil! Lexi Love and Mackenzee Pierce are being chased around a big fancy house by Ian Scott and David Perry when Manuel drives up and follows the action with his camera. The girls jump in the pool and David follows so that he can taste Lexi's butthole. They get out of the pool, have a water pistol battle and the guys lovingly spread lotion on the girls' tits and asses. Inside the house, the girls suck cock and get fucked in their tight rectums, and the guys do a double penetration on Mackenzee. The girls end up with cum on both their faces and finish up with a bit of sensuous kissing. Melissa Lauren is seen swimming in the pool and masturbating in the jacuzzi while Manuel spies on the action. After Melissa fingers her asshole and inserts a buttplug, Manuel enters for a blowjob, tongues Melissa's ass and buttfucks her; they retreat to the living room where Melissa gives Manuel a lengthy blowjob, then rides his huge cock in cowgirl anal fashion and takes a cum facial. Pretty latina Mya Nichole is locked out of her apartment in a sexy PVC outfit. Somehow Manuel gets involved; he pulls a hollow toy out of her ass and puts it in her mouth. They go inside and Mya sits on Ian Scott's face. An obviously impressed Ian takes her to meet Mike Stefano and David Perry, and horny Mya sucks them and gets d.p.'ed; all three guys come on her face. Tanned French stripper Loona Luxx washes Manuel's car, and gets all wet. She gets herself buttfucked by two guys and swallows their cum. And after some teasing by Phoenix Marie, Manuel licks the tall blonde's pretty pucker, then begins furiously pounding her asshole with his cock. She sits on Manuel's face and squats over his pole for a cowgirl anal. Finally, they go to the next room and Phoenix plays piano with her ass! Manuel rewards her with some more anal plowing, and a big facial. The Evil Anal 7 disc also includes two bonus scenes (Tiffany Rayne from Ass Attack 2 and Flower Tucci from Anal Expedition 7), 53 minutes of behind-the-scenes footage, five photo galleries and Manuel Ferrara trailers.