Lee Foss & Mk Feat. Anabel Englund – Electricity EP [Hot Creations] [HOTC027]

Full EP @ www.techconnet.com

1. Lee Foss & MK – Electricity feat. Anabel Englund [Hot Creations]

Label head Lee Foss calls upon No.1 American house producer MK to collaborate on this knock out release, featuring the stunning voice of L.A’s Anabel Englund. On the flip Lee goes solo to deliver two solid tracks like only he can.

The high voltage ‘Electricity’ kicks things off with the sensational voice of Anabel Englund leading the way. The deep, slow grooves ride effortlessly through the track with a breath-taking break down filled with electric bolts and melodic synth keys.

‘Goodnight Moon’ is the second on offer from Lee and Marc and boasts a heavy bass, beautiful synths patterns and infectious groove. The atmosphere in the track is filled withlayers of intricate percussions and luscious melodies, while the interesting vocals make this really stand out from the rest.

Over on the B-side Lee takes the reins with ‘Could Be’, effortlessly swarming the mind with soaring synths, soft R n’B style vocals and lo-slung driving bass lines, while the trippy keys are destined to hypnotize you on the dancefloor. Rounding off ‘B5 The Drinks’ is aimed straight at the dancefloor. Packed full of groove with an intoxicating bassline, the high-pitched warbling keys, vocals and crowd noises add a new dimension and make this a real party track.

Marc Minchen aka MK is an undeniable legend when it comes to house music. Not only has he been on the scene for over 20 years but he created a whole new sound with huge releases such as ‘Burning’ on Area 10 and ‘Always feat. Alana’ on Union City Recordings. The past few years have seen MK remix artists such as Ellie Goulding and Lana Del Ray with releases and remixes on high profiles labels including his huge remix of Amirali’s ‘Just An Illusion on the mighty Crosstown Rebels. His remix of the unforgettable ‘Forward Motion’ is also due to be released on Hot Creations next week, which is the reason Lee and Marc came to work together. Lee Foss, member of Hot Natured, is amongst those that pioneered the sound that’s is dominating the electronic music scene today. There is no doubt that this collaboration would be one to shout about!