                             By bobiras2009


If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


DVDFab is the most powerful and flexible DVD/ Blu-ray copying/burning software. Also it’s a fantastic file converter & transfer which can rip and convert DVD/Blu-ray movies or transfer your local files to various portable devices like iPod, iPhone, PSP, cell phone, ZUNE, etc. With 8 copy modes, you can back up any DVD to DVDR in just a few clicks. DVDFab is simply the easiest way to copy a DVD/ Blu-ray movie. Just insert the movie and a blank DVD/ Blu-ray then press Start. Your entire movie – including menus, trailers and special features – is copied to a single DVD/ Blu-ray with just one click, and everything happens automatically. Backup your entire DVD/ Blu-ray – including menus, trailers, and special features – onto one or multiple discs. DVDFab Blu-ray to DVD Converter is definitely the first software in the world which can decrypt then convert any Blu-ray to DVD-Video disc for playback on DVD player or DVD player software with no third party’s help.

DVDFab “Blu-ray to Blu-ray” is the first full-featured Blu-ray copying/burning software. With 4 copy modes, you can backup Blu-ray to BD-R or hard drive in just one or a few clicks.
DVDFab “DVD to Mobile” converts DVD title to AVI/MP4/WMV/MKV files which can be played on mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, cell phone, etc.
DVDFab “File to Mobile” converts source video file on your PC to next generation console like PS3 and Xbox 360, or mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, cell phone, etc.
DVDFab “File Mover” option transfers converted files to mobile devices like iPod, PSP, ZUNE, etc.


Works on Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000 (32-bit/64-bit).

Changes in DVDFab 8.2.0.8 Qt (August 29, 2012):
DVD Copy:
* Fix: A problem that disc cannot be opened in certain cases which was introduced in v8205.
Blu-ray Copy:
* Fix: An A/V sync problem when copying Blu-ray disc to BD50 in certain cases.
* Fix: A 1010 error when copying Blu-ray disc to BD25 with option “Convert to Blu-ray SBS 3D” selected.
* Fix: An oversize problem when copying Blu-ray disc to BD25 in “Main Movie” mode in certain cases.
* Fix: A seeking freeze problem when playing the Blu-ray SBS 3D backup in PowerDVD 11.



                             By bobiras2009
