Drive SnapShot v1 40 15981+CracK-PM

SnapShot is disk imaging software that enables the
user to back up, restore and view backed up hard
disk data, easily and safely. Using WindowsNT driver
technology, Snapshot brings two new features to disk
imaging:

1. Snapshot Backup - create disk images while
Windows is running. This allows the user to work in
his usual environment when backing up his data. Any
device suitable for file storage can be used for the
image destination, like your local drive, a network
drive or any removable drive. And - most important
the image will be an industrial quality image, even
though WinNT constantly writes to the disk. The user
may continue to work normally, while a backup
operation is in progress; the image will still be
valid and consistent. This enables one of the most
important things in backup business: backup often
It is even possible to make an image backup for
servers, that must be online 24 hours a day

Snapshot Backup - Main use. Snapshot Backup is aimed
at the backup/disaster recovery market. There is
little use for on the fly disk image creation, if
you want to deploy hundreds or thousands of
workstations. We think however, that the possibility
to do on the fly backup is very important for the
end user to regularly protect his data. At least
this was our reason to create Snapshot. No need to
shut down and boot from floppy, no need to create
network disks, and no need to wait half an hour for
the backup process - we think that's nice

2. Snapshot View - Explore saved disk images the
friendly way. The image file is presented to the
user as a virtual drive. This virtual drive can be
used like any other drive, using any Windows
program, be it Explorer, Norton Commander, or your
favourite MP3 Player

Snapshot View - Main use. Snapshot View is a very
easy and powerful method to explore disk images
This technique could be easily adapted to disk
images created by other disk imaging programs

FEATURES:

* Create Disk Image Backups, While Running Windows
The Backup process will back up all your data into
a single file, containing all data, including
system data and registry, for total security
should your computer ever crash. There is no
restart (to DOS) necessary. Ever

* Continue your work, while the Backup is in
progress. The new Snapshot technology ensures that
all data are consistent, and reflect the PC's data
at the start of backup. There are no difficulties
with opened files. Ever. This enables a very fast
and easy way to back up servers and other
computers, that must run 24 hours a day

* Easy Use and Restore of single Files or
directories. Drive Snapshot creates a virtual
drive, containing all your drive's data. You may
use, compare, or restore these files directly from
the Disk Image file. This works with any program
of your choice, including (of course) the Windows
Explorer

* Complete Restore of a disk in case of Disaster. If
a disk is restored to its original state, it will
be exactly the same as at the time of Backup
byte for byte. Restoring a system partition will
require DOS; other drives can be restored using
Windows

* Compatible with all Windows file systems (FAT16
FAT32, NTFS). Supports Linux EXT2/3/4/Reiser

* Compatible with all Windows RAID Methods

* Very easy and comprehensive command line
interface. This makes automation of regular tasks
a breeze

Instructions-

1. install program
2. Copy the included file to the installed folder