
                                      nERv


                Iron Front: Liberation 1944 (c) Deep Silver

      05/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: PCD
            1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy


"D-Day" adds the famous landing on the coast of Normandy by the Allied
Forces to the tactical World War II shooter "Iron Front   Liberation 1944".
Merciless gun battles for each centimeter of the beaches await brave
soldiers on the side of the Allies and the Wehrmacht alike in this
extensive expansion. Brutal combat unfolds on the storm-lashed shores of
France, as the future of the world is about to be decided at the Atlantic
Wall...
and you are in the thick of it! Fight with the Allied Forces against the
dogged Wehrmacht defenders, or join the battle on the side of Germany and
use any means to stop the Allies' advance.

"D-Day" introduces a whole new scenario with new weapons, military equipment
and missions in both single-player and multiplayer modes (incl. co-op), as
well as the Allies as a new faction. In the expansion, players can take on
the roles of American soldiers, pilots and tank crews to fight for the
freedom of France. The famous landing craft which carried the US soldiers
to the bloody battle of liberation at Omaha Beach are of course also
included in D-Day. Air support is provided by the P-47 Thunderbolt, while
Sherman tanks support the advance of the ground forces.

Following the successful landing of the Allied Forces, the battles in
Normandy continue with new missions featuring authentic re-creations of
the military equipment of the age, including the Garand M1 rifle and the
Browning automatic rifle. Players can also, for the first time, enter the
war on the American side and use the new troops in multiplayer mode as
well. However, the German troops are also well-prepared for
D-Day: In response to frequent requests from the community, the Tiger I
panzer is ready to deploy in the expansion.


1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Upgrade the game to version 1.05 using the patches in Crack/Patches
4. Install the addon, when asked for a serial enter one of the following:

   F9G3-66VRF-69KG9-HZ90H-M6C4S
   553M-90RRE-LJ3MM-6X9Z2-K1GXC
   RHCP-30SGW-H46RD-57P1Z-FH59D

5. Copy over the contents of the /Crack dir on the disc to your installation
   directory.
6. Play the game. We recommend not going online with it, as usual.
7. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


                            "Merry Christmas"
[/pre]