- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-
                                                             
                                                           
                                                           
                                                       
                                                   
                                              
                                           
                                          
                                         
                                   
                                   
                                   
                             
                                      
                          
                        
                      
                    
                      
                       
                      
                   
                     
                     
                           
                                     
                                   
                                    
                                   
                                         
                                        
                                           
                                           
                                             
                                            
                                               
                                                 
                        -W4F Releasing TV since 2002-                  
                                          
                                     
                                   
          
            
       
    
                            Proudly Presents

International.Football.Friendly.2012.11.14.Sweden.Vs.England.720p.HDTV.x264-W4F

  RELEASE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
   Release Date    2012.11.15                                           
   Air Date        2012.11.14                                           
   Genre           Sports Football                                      
                                                                        
 

  EPiSODE iNFO 
                                                        
                                                                        
  Coverage of the friendly fixture between the two nations at the       
  Friends Arena in Stockholm. The sides last met in a thrilling         
  group-stage encounter at Euro 2012, when goals from Andy Carroll,     
  Theo Walcott and Danny Welbeck helped England to a 3-2 victory.       
  England come into this encounter off the back of a disappointing,     
  rain- affected, 1-1 draw with Poland in Warsaw, and manager Roy       
  Hodgson will be looking to get his side back to winning ways before   
  returning to World Cup qualifying duties in March, with commentary    
  by Clive Tyldesley and Andy Townsend.                                 
                                                                        
  Enjoy!                                                                
                                                                        
 

  W4F GROUP NEWS 
                                                      
                                                                        
  W4F is one of the oldest TV Scene groups and releases a diverse mix   
  of quality TV programming including sports, documentaries, scripted,  
  reality, talk shows and other quality content that may be overlooked  
  by other groups. We release purely for fun and to share programming   
  we like with the world.                                               
                                                                        
  W4F is a global group interested in spreading quality programming     
  from around the world to the internet. If you are passionate about    
  your country's TV content, feel it is unrepresented and want to share 
  it with the world please feel free to contact us. We are interested   
  in all television markets with a focus on English content from the    
  USA, Canada, Australia and Europe. Potential recruits will preferably 
  have the ability to receive digital TV broadcasts and some knowledge  
  of digital capturing.                                                 
                                                                        
  From time to time we are also interested in hearing from site         
  owners who are interested in affiliating W4F. We are looking for      
  private links with archives.                                          
                                                                        
  W4F has nothing to do with torrents/p2p so don't ask about that!      
                                                                        
                     Email: w4fcrew@gmail.com                           
                                                                        
    Greets to all W4F/CLASSiCW4F members, both past and present. :)