Angry Birds Space 1.2.0 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$4.99
Category: Games
Updated: Jun 08, 2012
Version: 1.2.0
Size: 32.1 MB
Language: English
Seller: Rovio Mobile
© Rovio Entertainment Ltd
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6.6 or later

Description

#1 in 116 countries! Big thanks to all our fans!

“Intergalactic phenomenon worth every penny” – AppCraver

“Takes the fundamental physics-based flinging of the original and turns it on its head... It's satisfying, yet completely familiar, and is heaps of pig-smashing fun.” – Gamespot

“Anyone burnt out on vanilla bird flinging will enjoy the game's out-of-this-world adventure.” -- IGN

ALL NEW ANGRY BIRDS GAME FROM ROVIO -- the #1 mobile game of all time blasts off into space!

After a giant claw kidnaps their eggs, the Angry Birds chase it into a wormhole and find themselves floating in a strange new galaxy – surrounded by space pigs! Luckily the Angry Birds have super powers of their own...

Angry Birds Space features 80 interstellar levels on planets and in zero gravity, resulting in spectacular gameplay ranging from slow-motion puzzles to lightspeed destruction. With regular free updates, brand new birds, brand new superpowers, and a whole galaxy to explore, the sky is no longer the limit!

FEATURES

• 80 interstellar levels!
• Regular free updates!
• Brand new birds!
• Brand new superpowers!
• Zero-gravity space adventures!
• Trick shots using planets’ gravity!
• Hidden bonus levels!
• Beautifully detailed backgrounds!


DANGER ZONE

• 30 of the most difficult levels EVER!
• Can you master the DANGER ZONE?


Join the global phenomenon as it goes galactic!

Become a fan of Angry Birds on Facebook: 
http://facebook.angrybirds.com

Follow us on Twitter: 
http://twitter.angrybirds.com

Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eula
Privacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacy

What's New in Version 1.2.0

Welcome to the delicious food planet of Utopia! These 10 delectable new levels filled withcookies, and candy apples are good enough to eat – at least the pigs think so!

Munch your way through 10 tasty new levels!
Bounce birds off jelly trampolines!
Pop corn to create delicious mayhem!