From BBC Radio 4. Written by Harriette Wilson; Full-cast dramatisation; Dramatised by Ellen Dryden.

Harriette Wilson is one of the most infamous and talked-about women of the early 19th century. Her lovers included aristocrats, adventurers and even the Duke of Wellington himself. And when they all ceased to support her after her retirement, she had a simple bargain for them - 'pay up, and I'll keep you out of my memoirs'.

A scandalous bestseller of their time, her memoirs reveal a sharp-witted, good-hearted, infinitely adaptable, madcap woman who took on the patriarchy of the time and did something close to beating them at their own game.

Episode 1:

Harriette escapes from the stultifyingly boring household of her first aristocratic protector in favour of a more exciting, younger lover. But will he be able to keep her in the style to which she has become accustomed?

Episode 2:

Having finally made contact with the mysterious Lord Ponsonby, Harriette finds there are all kinds of obstacles to their blossoming romance - including the small matter of his wife whom everyone agrees is an angel. Harriette's former lovers, the dashing Duke of Argyll and the taciturn but loyal Duke of Wellington, are never far from the picture and are soon joined by a new, passionate young admirer. The Marquis of Worcester is devoted to Harriette as only a 19 year-old can be.

Eventually Harriette is persuaded to reveal all in her memoirs - a course of action which leads Wellington to make one of the most famous remarks in the English Language.

Harriette ...... Nancy Carroll
Ponsonby/ Melbourne ...... Charles Edwards
Wellington ...... Barnaby Kay
Argyle ....... Blake Ritson
Julia....... Leila Hackett
Fanny ...... Anna Francolini
Amy/Old Woman ....... Abigail Burdess
Tom Sheridan ....... Jonathan Dryden Taylor
Frederick/ Alvanley ....... Richard Galazka
Mrs Porter ...... Sarah Finigan
Poodle Byng/ Doctor/ Beaufort ..... Gus Brown
Porter/ Brougham ....... Jonathan Coote
Leinster ....... Andrew Mudie
Worcester ....... Nigel Thomas