Cravings: Comfort Eats and Favourite Treats 
by Debbie Harding 
TouchWood Editions | September 2011 | ISBN: 192697168X | ePUB/PDF | 7.1/7.8 Mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Cravings-Comfort-Eats-Favourite-Treats/dp/192697168X
PDF conversion is mine.

It always comes from nowhere--the craving for your favourite salty or sweet snack that hits you around midnight, on your way home from work, or late in the afternoon. Cinnamon buns, French fries, sugar donuts orWe all have certain foods that we cant resist.
Cravings is your recipe guide to preparing your best-loved indulgences at home. Enjoy your favourite snacks, but also have control of what goes into them. From Handcrafted French Fries to Honey Cinnamon Buns, these delicious treats will satisfy both a budding cook and a seasoned chef. Cravings is loaded with flavour-filled recipes for entertaining crowds, creating family-style comfort meals and pleasing your own sweet tooth with decadent desserts. Debbie Harding even integrates some healthy and delicious alternatives to indulgent dishes like poutine.
Fulfill cravings you didnt know you had with helpful beverage pairing suggestions for each recipe. To round everything out, Debbie has also included nutritional analysis, ingredient information and a conversion guide.
Hankering for goodies? Satisfy yourself with Cravings: Comfort Eats and Favourite Treats.

About the Author
Alberta-born chef Debbie Harding has always loved cooking and was encouraged to do so from a young age. She earned her certificate with good mention from the Cordon Bleu de Paris at Sabine de Mirbeck Ecole de Cuisine Francaise in England. Upon returning to Canada, Debbie established a catering business called Decadence Catering and Cakes in Victoria, BC. A few years later, she opened a corresponding restaurant, Decadence Café and Catering, which she ran successfully until 2000. Today, Debbie has changed her culinary focus from catering to educating others about food by writing cookbooks and teaching cooking classes. Debbie is also a talented artist, and her drawings can be found alongside her mouthwatering recipes in her two cookbooks, Go Nuts: Recipes that Really Shell Out and Cravings.