Follow my uploads here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

The most popular note taking application in Amazon app store is now available at Google Play.
After enduring tons of clumsy note applications, which were not very intuitive nor easy to use, we have created Handy Note to fulfill our needs. 

We developed our product to make it powerful and easy to use. Our aim is to bring a handy tool to the market that will replace paper notebooks and keep the same user experience.
The characteristics of Handy Note can be summarized in three words ΓÇ£Freedom, Professionalism and ConvenienceΓÇ¥

Freedom
You have the possibility to navigate between numerous tools. You can input text, hand write, free draw, insert symbols, drag shapes or insert photos anytime and anywhere you want, just as you do in a blank paper.

Professionalism
Handwriting experience provides by Handy Note is even better than writing on a piece of paper. The state of art design templates, note covers and papers, sticky papers, symbols to make your notes look nice.

Convenience
Slide Show enables you to present your ideas without PowerPoint. You can copy and delete handwritten text word by word. Share with other Android devices or backup to Drop box.

Product Features

    Magic Pen: a creative technology to improve the handwriting quality. This will get you to enjoy handwriting on Handy Note more than on paper. ∩╝êSamsung S Pen is supported∩╝ë
    Rich Media: put text, handwriting, photos, symbols, shape on the same page just as you do in a blank paper. 
    Editable handwriting box with word by word copy & delete, bulletin & numbering, alignment, and box style settings.
    Built in note & paper templates, text box & handwriting box background templates and 200 symbols.
    Share among different sizes and resolutions of Android phones/tablets of images, PDF files or Handy Note files through email, bluetooth, WIFI, Dropbox, etc.
    Ready to Use: pre-define planner, diary, meeting minutes, class note and other templates with multiple different pages. Templates have formatted text & handwriting boxes for you to start taking notes.


What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 17, 2012 )

    Schedule pages to Android notification by set date & time with Time notelet.
    Across link between notebooks and pages
    Link to web pages, Android files & apps within any note pages.
    Insert phone contacts into note page and access contact information without leaving Handy Note.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                By bobiras2009		