genre: adventure / tpp / puzzle 
release date: February 8, 2011 
compatible with: Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8) 
languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish 
developer / publisher: Double Fine Productions / Double Fine Productions 
game modes: single-player 

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase: 
2 wallpapers 
16 avatars 

What's cool about it: 

Stacking includes the original game and the expansion, The Lost Hobo King. 
Jump into more than 100 unique stacking dolls, each with their own special abilities that you can use to overcome obstacles and solve puzzles. 
Explore a beautifully rendered, stunning old world that features the unique art style of the Double Fine team! 

Overview: 

From Tim Schafers Double Fine Productions, explore a vintage world inhabited by living Russian stacking dolls as you jump into more than 100 unique dolls and use their special abilities to solve a wide variety of puzzles & challenges. Play as Charlie Blackmore, the worlds tiniest Russian stacking doll, and embark on an adventure to rescue Charlie's family from the nefarious industrialist known only as the Baron This imaginative 3rd person puzzle adventure game will take you on a journey from a bustling Royal Train Station to a high-flying Zeppelin as you collect unique dolls and matched stacking sets to display in Charlie's secret hideout, where you chronicle your adventures. 

Continue the Stacking adventure with The Lost Hobo King DLC pack, included free in the PC version! In the Lost Hobo King, the first expansion for Stacking, youll once again assume the role of Charlie Blackmore, the world's smallest Russian stacking doll. Charlie travels with his hobo friend Levi to the mysterious kingdom of Camelfoot, the mythical resting place of lost hobo king and his crown. Charlie must help Levis uncle, Rufus Ryken, reclaim his rightful throne by solving three tests of valor and reawakening the hobo blacksmiths of old. Only then can the crown be reforged, enabling Rufus to become king and unite the fractured hobo people under one sardine. The Lost Hobo King features a complete adventure with several new challenges, each with multiple solutions, an all new assortment of unique dolls with engaging abilities, and a new round of hi-jinks to discover and make trouble with. Only the worthy can reclaim the crown of Camelfoot! 

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: EVERYONE 10+ with Crude Humor, Mild Cartoon Violence, Mild Suggestive Themes, Use of Tobacco. PEGI Rating: 7+ with Violence. 

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Vista / 7, Intel Core 2 Duo or AMD Athlon 64 at 2.2 GHz, 1 GB RAM, 512 MB GeForce 220, Radeon 4550, or Intel HD 3000 Graphics with DirectX 9.0c, 1.5 GB HDD, DirectX 9.0c-compatible sound card 

Installation 

Install and play

