All audio tracks in this torrent were ripped from the Anno 2070 game.
Ripped with Dragon UnPACKer 5.6.0 Exedra (Build 239), in HyperRipper mode from the file "maindata/Data4.rda" (.hrf file is included)
Losslessly cut with mp3split-gtk-0.7.1 (.cue sheets for the files that needed splitting are included)
Id3v2.4.0-tagged with Kid3-2.0.1

Full list of tracks in this torrent:
A First Bridgehead                    
A Future Named Hope                   
A Helping Hand                        
A New Beginning                       
An Elderly Woman Speaks               
Anybody need anything                 
Asymmetric Warfare                    
Avoiding Morality                     
Barracudas                            
Cascading Colours                     
Civilian Casualties (first part)      
Civilian Casualties (second part)     
Closer to God                         
Collateral Damage (first part)        
Collateral Damage (second part)       
Confidence                            
Daydreaming in a Parking Lot          
Defeated                              
Desolation Waltz                      
Distant Shore                         
Drone Predators (first part)          
Drone Predators (second part)         
Drowning Memories                     
Earth Sleeps                          
Every Ending Needs a Beginning        
Faceless Fear                         
Fluid Gold                            
Follow the Stream                     
Forces of Nature                      
Global Cure                           
God Smiles (English vocals)           
God Smiles (Italian vocals)           
God Smiles                            
Grinding Teeth                        
Her Headache Is Gone                  
Industrial Landscapes                 
Lifelines                             
Modern Times                          
Monolith                              
Observe Your Neighbour                
Our Borrowed Time (Tumbling Raindrops)
Phoenix Rising                        
Power Nap                             
Programmed to Rejoice                 
Project Earth                         
README.txt                                
Scorched Earth                        
Seamus and the Secret of Life         
Sheltered                             
Skylar's Master Plan                  
Slumbering Hillside                   
Sweating Bullets                      
The Black Tide                        
The City Never Sleeps                 
The Diva Performs Tonight             
The Ebashi Trench Mystery             
The Last Sanctuary                    
The Old World Order                   
The Signal                            
There Is Blood on Her Hands           
There Is Light Below                  
Unknown Eco music 1                   
Unknown Eco music 2                   
Unknown Eco music 3                   
Unknown Eco music 4                   
Unknown Eco music 5                   
Unknown Eco music 6                   
Unknown Tycoon music 1                
Unknown Tycoon music 2                
Untamed                               
Victorious                            
Walking Barefoot                      
Wasted Soil                           
We Will Carry You                     
What a Glorious View                  
Where Are My Sleeping Pills           
World Beneath the Surface             
Worlds End                            

Tracks present (according to track list on the cover images seen in other torrents) in 2-disk Anno 2070 OST set, but absent in all rips of that 2-disk set that are available for download:
Eco:
09. God Smiles (by Tilman Sillescu)
14. Inside The Womb (by Alexander Röder)
22. Perfect Order (by Markus Schmidt)
25. Release
29. Rest Your Head (by Alexander Röder)
31. Surely Dr. Devi Knows (by Tilman Sillescu)
Tycoon:
02. Anybody Need Anything? (by Markus Schmidt)
10. Dominion (by Markus Schmidt)
32. The Final Hour
37. God Smiles (English vocals) (by Tilman Sillescu)

Tracks from the list above that are present in this torrent AND are tagged appropriately:
09. God Smiles (by Tilman Sillescu)
02. Anybody Need Anything? (by Markus Schmidt)
37. God Smiles (English vocals) (by Tilman Sillescu)

The following tracks are included, but have no tags (it is likely that some of them are the ones from the list above, but it is impossible to tell for sure without listening to the original CDs):
Unknown Eco music 1 (instrumental version of Walking Barefoot and We Will Carry You)
Unknown Eco music 2
Unknown Eco music 3 (underwater?)
Unknown Tycoon music 1 (The Old World Order theme variation)
Unknown Eco music 4 (Project Earth variation)
Unknown Eco music 5
Unknown Eco music 6 (underwater?)
Unknown Tycoon music 2

Things to note:
* Anno 2070 stored all music tracks encoded in mp3. This torrent provides them in that format exactly, without re-encoding.
* Collateral Damage, Drone Predators and Civilian Casualties are split into parts. They were stored like that in the game.
* Drone Predators (second part) cuts off abruptly at the end. It was like that in the game.
* The sound skips at the start of Grinding Teeth. It was like that in the game, and it is like that in the CDrip version. This is not a glitch.
* All track numbers are set according to the complete (and the longest) track list on CD covers, which means that there are gaps in numbering, since some tracks are missing or unidentified.
* In all available rips of the 2-disk set the tracks Our Borrowed Time and Tumbling Raindrops are identical. This torrent includes one track named "Our Borrowed Time (Tumbling Raindrops)"
It is not unlikely that the 8 unknown tracks consist of 7 tracks from the missing list and the track that was originally supposed to be named Our Borrowed Time or Tumbling Raindrops, but was replaced by a duplicate instead.