                                  By bobiras2009			


If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.	

Check out AmazingText, our new app that makes your homescreen more beautiful, special and personalized!
Create powerful widgets for your homescreen with Launch-X! *NEW*: STACK and SCROLLABLE widgets!

NEW 
Check out our latest icons packs for Launch-X, ADW Launcher, Go Launcher and LauncherPro:

    Neon Blue Icons Pack
    Neon Blue+ Icons Pack
    Paper Icons Pack
    Neon Purple Icons Pack
    Neon Green Icons Pack

Now fully optimized for Honeycomb tablets (Android 3.0/3.1/3.2) - such as Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 and 10.1, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Acer Iconia A100/A500, Lenovo ThinkPad, Sony S1, Toshiba AT100, Archo G9, Huawei MediaPad, ..

Now also compatible with Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) - Samsung Galaxy Nexus.

Launch-X features various customizable configurations to allow very quick access to your favorite applications, contacts or generic shortcuts.

With Launch-X you can maximize the usage of your homescreen space. In fact, instead of having the '4 icons on each row' limitation of the stock Launchers, you can put much, much more in the same space!

There are several configurations options available in Launch-X that let you build a widget that best suits your needs.

Create widgets with multiple screens that contains over 40, 50, 100, or more shortcuts! You can even create scrollable widgets in which you can basically put an unlimited number of items!
Or, if you prefer not to use the multi-screens feature, you can instead keep a more clean single screen with up to 28 items (4 rows, with 7 icons each).

What's in this version : (Updated : Aug 28, 2012)

    Fixed widget stuck issues for ICS and JB.
    Improved performance on newer devices (e.g. Samsung Galaxy S3) and fixed various bugs.
    Over-Scroll Mode
    Scrollable Widgets can enable/disable over-scroll. Over-Scroll Mode allows showing the glow effect when you over-scroll the list.
    New Backgrounds
    New widget backgrounds have been added.
    GO Launcher Themes
    Improved support for Go Launcher Themes / Icons Packs.

Required Android O/S : 1.6+




                                  By bobiras2009			