Discover the secrets of a veteran content marketer. In this interview-style course, author C.C. Chapman teaches how storytellingΓÇöcreating a compelling narrative around your content or productΓÇöis at the heart of both marketing and business, using examples from his own career. Learn about the goals of content marketing, the tools and skills you'll need to run a successful campaign, and how to leverage social media and mobile technology to promote your message. C.C. also touches on the importance of dealing with negative feedback gracefully and maintaining relationships in social media communities.

About the Author
C.C. Chapman is a modern-day renaissance man who lives every day to inspire others to be their best. He is the author of the book Content Rules (Wiley 2010) and the founder of Digital Dads. As a consultant, C.C. helps a variety of clients embrace all forms of new media and online marketing to take their campaigns to the next level. His work has won awards and clients have included HBO, American Eagle Outfitters, Verizon FiOS, and The Coca-Cola Company.

C.C. has an unstoppable combination of marketing experience and savvy and incalculably valuable "on the ground" knowledge and insight as an influential content creator himself. He's helped create, manage, and execute ambitious online and offline marketing campaigns for startups and multinationals ΓÇö and has the invaluable good sense to know which outreach strategies work with audiences and which ones fall flat.

C.C. has a passion for being on stage and loves nothing more than motivating a room full of people. He was one of the first professional podcasters and continues to share his knowledge and insights on the popular Managing the Gray. He is a graduate of Bentley University and lives outside of Boston with his loving wife and family. Find out more at CC-Chapman.com.

Topics include:
What is content marketing?
Getting started with a small budget
Building a community
Finding your "human" voice
Publishing content regularly with an editorial calendar
Measuring success