screens;
 
http://imgcum.com/img-50732f14bf0d6.html

On milovana I'm called "Vindicare" and this is my newest creation called "The Flux  Dance Project". This project has been a blast to work on and I really  hope you will enjoy it. I'd gladly receive as much feedback as possible!  I want to know what you think of this experiment.

First, there are a few important things you need to know before you try this cock hero. Se below.

1. This is an experiment. I have tried to alter the concept of Cock Hero  and some may like it, some may not. My goal here is to broaden the  concept and open up new ways to create these fantastic challenges. Keep  this in mind.


2. The  goal in the movie is to stroke as close to the edge as possible without  cumming. The movie only has simple standard beats (slow, normal and  fast). Therefore, it incorporates "edging" to a certain degree. For  those of you who don't know what edging is I can tell you that it's when  you hit that spot where you are about to cum, but then you stop  stroking and hold still with minimal movement (being on the "edge" of  cumming).

In the second round you will be forced to edge one  time. This will make the simpler beats more fun/challenging to stroke  to. The idea here is that it should be both enjoyable and hard no matter  if you're experienced or not. However, I don't want you to constantly  _be_ on the edge throughout the 50 min long movie, but I want you to  stay as _close_ to the edge as you can. 


3. I don't use a stroke bar. I want you looking at the content and not  focusing on the next beat rhythm. I use text and stroke beats to guide  the player. It doesn't matter if you miss a beat or two. Just stay at a  level that is both challenging and fun for you.


4. The content I've chosen is the content I like the most. There are more  softcore than hardcore material, but it includes a mix of both. I've  used many dancing clips, clips from music videos and hot girls that  isn't your typical porn stars (although they also appear).

Turn up the volume and welcome to the Flux Dance Project!
Enjoy!