

Judas Priest are a British heavy metal band formed in Birmingham, England in 1969. Known for twin lead guitars, a wide operatic vocal style, and for introducing the S&M leather-and-studs look into heavy metal, they have sold over 50 million albums worldwide.After an early career as a secondary act dogged by unsympathetic producers and lineup changes, the band found considerable commercial success in the 1980s. The band's membership has seen much turnover, including a revolving cast of drummers in the 1970s, and the temporary resignation of singer Rob Halford in the early 1990s. The current line-up consists of lead vocalist Rob Halford, guitarists Glenn Tipton and Richie Faulkner, bassist Ian Hill, and drummer Scott Travis. In 2010, the band announced a farewell world tour, and a new album is expected to be released sometime in 2013.
This is the first bootleg to surface from the Epitaph World Tour, the last major world tour the band is going to go through. It is special in many ways, which I'll explain.
First proper show with Richie Faulkner. First show of the Epitaph Tour. Live versions of Never Satisfied and Blood Red Skies. Starbreaker performed for the first time in 31 years.

Artist        :  Judas Priest
Date          :  June 7 2011
Venue         :  013 Dommolsch zaal
City          :  Tilburg
Country       :  Holland
Recorded by   :  a fan
Equipment     :  md sony MZ-NH700 with Core Sound Binaural Microphones &
                 Switchable Bass Roll-off Filter
Recording is  :  Audience


Sony MD MZ-NH700 with Core Sound Binaural microphones & Switchable Bass Filter on ==> Sonicstage ==> Traders Little Helper ==> flac


Tracks(2:01:57)
Rapid Fire
Metal Gods
Heading Out to the Highway
Judas Rising
Starbreaker
Victim of Changes
Never Satisfied
Diamonds and Rust
Prophecy
Night Crawler
Turbo Lover
Beyond the Realms of Death
The Sentinel
Blood Red Skies
The Green Manalishi
Breaking the Law
Painkiller
The Hellion/Electric Eye
Hell Bent for Leather
You've Got Another Thing Comin'

Band
Rob Halford - Vocals
Glenn Tipton - Guitar
Richie Faulkner - Guitar
Ian Hill - Bass
Scott Travis - Drums