ABOUT THE SHOW
The Crush with Lee & Tiffany

Many people have already gotten hooked on the success of Gettin’ Close with Lee & Tiffany, one of the highest rated shows in outdoor television, now the married couple of Lee and Tiffany Lakosky, add another dimension to their lives as hunting partners. Lee and Tiffany will star in the new reality based outdoor program, The Crush with Lee & Tiffany on Outdoor Channel.

Not only do Lee and Tiffany regularly tag some of the best looking whitetails each year, but the youthful and energetic hunting team will certainly impress viewers with their fun attitude and magazine cover good looks. This attractive young couple have devoted themselves to the outdoor lifestyle and is extremely skilled in the art of hunting.

“We want to take the viewers along with us, to experience the highs and lows and the laughs and the tears that we all know are part of hunting,” reports Lee who helped Tiffany get started into bowhunting several years ago.

“A lot of people ask me ‘Can Tiffany really get the job done?’ And the answer is a resounding yes! I’ve seen her consistently make high pressure shots on massive trophy whitetails, time after time. I really think that the public will enjoy sharing some of these unforgettable moments with us.”

Both Lee and Tiffany spend countless hours sharpening their hunting skills and actively manage their land for trophy whitetails in eastern Iowa. Many viewers will easily recognize both Lee and Tiffany due to the widespread use of many of their trophy photos and magazine articles which have appeared in dozens of high profile publications and catalogs over the past few seasons.

“We absolutely love our time in the woods, its something that we do day after day. If we are not practicing with our bows, we are managing food plots, scouting for good stand set-ups and just spending time outdoors together,” says Tiffany.

As the new show kicks off its first season, viewers will follow along with the Lakoskys in a reality-type show that plans to show the good, the bad and the ugly of a not so typical hunting season. Also including their friends Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert, Gary LeVox, and others coming to Iowa to hunt and hang out, the show promises fast paced editing showcasing the planning, travel and in-the-field action from start to finish.