Naked (1993) FULL DVD5 (ISO) Criterion Collection

Uploaded By Request

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD. You can even unzip it with WinZip or WinRAR to unpack it to the original VOBs.

This rip is a (DVD-5)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you may need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.


1993
131 minutes
Color
1.85:1
Spoken Language: English
Subtitles: English

Director: 
Mike Leigh

Cast: 
David Thewlis, Lesley Sharp, Katrin Cartlidge, Greg Cruttwell, Claire Skinner, Peter Wight, Ewen Bremner, Susan Vidler, Deborah MacLaren, Gina McKee, Carolina Giammetta

Disc Features:
* Restored high-definition digital transfer, supervised and approved by director Mike Leigh
* Audio commentary by Leigh and actors David Thewlis and Katrin Cartlidge
* Video interview with director Neil LaBute
* Episode of the BBC program The Art Zone in which author Will Self interviews Leigh
* The Short and Curlies, a short comedy from 1987 directed by Leigh and starring Thewlis, with audio commentary by Leigh
* Original theatrical trailer

Awards:
Independent Spirit Awards
Best Foreign Film nominee 

BAFTA
Best British Film nominee

SYNOPSIS:  
The brilliant and controversial Naked, from director Mike Leigh, stars David Thewlis as Johnny, a charming and eloquent but relentlessly vicious drifter. Rejecting anyone who might care for him, the volcanic Johnny hurls himself around London on a nocturnal odyssey, colliding with a succession of other desperate and dispossessed people and scorching everyone in his path. With a virtuoso script and raw performances from Thewlis and costars Katrin Cartlidge and Lesley Sharp, LeighΓÇÖs depiction of EnglandΓÇÖs underbelly is an amalgam of black comedy and doomsday prophecy that took the best director and best actor prizes at the 1993 Cannes Film Festival.

Stuff I want as full disc either DVD5 or DVD9:
Do the Right Thing (Disc 1) from Criterion Collection
Straw Dogs (Disc 1) from Criterion Collection
