Source: 2xDVD9
Format: DVD Video
Video kodek: MPEG2
Audio kodek: AC3 
Video: NTSC 16:9 (720x480) VBR Auto Letterboxed
Audio: DVD1 -  English (Dolby AC3, 6 ch) DVD2 - English (Dolby AC3, 2 ch)
 

Released: 2006
Genre: Heavy Metal
Total Time: 01:46:18 + 03:09:08
Subtitles: English Francais Espanol

Filmed in Dortmund, Germany during the 2003 Dance of Death Tour, this collection fully captures the incredible stage production and electricity of an Iron Maiden show. Including 70 minute documentary. The audio was produced and mixed by Kevin 'Caveman' and co-producer by bassist Steve Harris, who also personally edited the DVD footage. The DVD not only documents the drama and spectacle of the band's live performance, but the documentary charts the making of the Dance of Death album and the preparations for their world tour. Featuring candid and personal footage of the band, this film represents unprecedented access and insight into their recording process. Filmed for the first time ever. As usual, it is also packed with extras, including all the videos from the Dance of Death album, footage of the band performing in South America, background interviews with members of the production crew and fans along the tour, artwork and photo galleries.

Tracklist:
DVD1
1. Wildest Dreams
2. Wrathchild
3. Can I Play With Madness
4. Trooper
5. Dance Of Death
6. Rainmaker
7. Brave New World
8. Paschendale
9. Lord Of The Flies
10. No More Lies
11. Hallowed Be Thy Name
12. Fear Of The Dark
13. Iron Maiden
14. Journeyman
15. Number Of The Beast, The
16. Run To The Hills

DVD2
01. Death on the Road
Exclusive feature length documentary, Candid interviews with the band, crew and management about the writing and recording of Dance of Death and the Death on the Road tour
02. Life on the Road 
Behind the scenes on the road tour footage and interviews with the crew
03. The Fans 
Collection of unseen interviews with fans filmed at Earls Court Arena
04. EPK 
Original promotional press interview with the band prior to the release of the Dance of Death album
05. Promo videos
"Wildest Dreams" and "Rainmaker" videos including design sketches for wildest dreams and 'On Set'
Photos from rainmaker video shoot
06. Photo and Artwork Galleries
Collection of Live, Studio and promotional photo's, full screen artwork of albums and singles
From Dance of Death and full tour date listings

Cover 
 
http://bayimg.com/daGOAAAEJ