Screenshots
 
http://imagetwitch.com/exploitedcollegegirls-chelsey/



Size: 667861488 bytes (636.92 MiB), duration: 01:00:01, avg.bitrate: 1484 kb/s
Audio: wmav2, 48000 Hz, stereo, 96 kb/s
Video: wmv3, yuv420p, 640x360, 1704 kb/s, 29.97 fps


School: Moorpark College
Year: Freshman
Age: 18
Height: 5"1
Figure: 32-28-30
EyeColor: Hazel
Favorite Sexual Position: Doggy
Hobbies: Bikes, Watersports, Tubing
ABOUT

Chelsey here is another reason to lose faith in today's youth: our 18 year old Moorpark student has never been on a plane before (!) and the reason she is taking this milestone today is to get fucked by a stranger on camera. Luckily that stranger is me. But it gets better, Chelsey's boyfriend actually dropped her off at the airport (!!) and supposedly knew what she was going to see me for. But that's just what she said, I have a feeling she's not entirely open about exactly what she'd be doing.
But then again, Chelsey obviously hadn't checked out the site before she showed up, as evidenced by her surprised look on her face when we showed her the site (after the shoot was over, of course). I'm pretty sure had she done her homework on this she would have thought twice about giving me a call back.
Chelsey is very cute though, very "sunny", and a bit shy. She did get naked in my car on our way to my place, another first for her. After telling me about her personal sex life I come to the conclusion that Chelsey's way kinkier and naughtier than most girls her age. She just doesn't look it. Speaking of 'firsts', there are lots of those for her today. It's just very hot to watch a young, inexperienced girl grow up sexually in front of you. For example, Chelsey's so excited and turned on by the vibrator (yes, that one) that she talks me into giving it to her. After she realizes that thing had been in other girls' pussies before, she cleans it up at the sink before contemplating the potential embarrassment at the airport's security check.
Chelsey likes to give head and she's pretty damn good at it considering her tender age. A lot of the fucking positions I put her through are definitely a first for her, the looks on her face speak volumes. Her shaved (and tight!) pussy is too good to pass up so I have to go down on her for a bit after thoroughly exploring and fingering her. Whenever I put my POV camera on Chelsey she puts up a smiley face but the other cameras catch her whince a little when I stretch her pussy far enough to look inside. You can really tell during the shoot that Chelsey, while enjoying much of it, realized she got herself into something way more hardcore than she expected. She's willing to try anything though so she does pretty much everything I want her to. However, making her lick my ass is a bit much for her. I have her finish me off with a handjob, also something she has not done a lot before. I have to coach her on how to do it properly, but once she gets the hang of it I'm ready to blow - I cum so much and so hard that Chelsey frantically runs to the bathroom to wash her hands.
So much is going on before and during the shoot but you have to check out the movies for yourself now. In conclusion, Chelsey is a fun and eager little nubile whore that I wouldn't mind inviting back. Let me know what you think. Enjoy! 