All Angels are a British classical crossover group formed in 2006, consisting of Daisy Chute, Rachel Fabri, Melanie Nakhla and Charlotte Ritchie. The group's style is classical crossover music and close harmony arrangement, with a repertoire spanning classical, choral, opera and pop including Franz Schubert's Ellens dritter Gesang, Agnus Dei (the choral arrangement of Samuel Barber's Adagio for Strings) and the Sancta Maria intermezzo from Pietro Mascagni's Cavalleria rusticana, along with the Flower Duet from Léo Delibes' Lakmé and the Barcarolle from Jacques Offenbach's The Tales of Hoffmann, plus pop songs such as Robbie Williams' Angels, Fleetwood Mac's Songbird, Coldplay's The Scientist, True Colours, Goodnight my Angel (Billy Joel) Muses' Starlight and Prince's Nothing Compares 2 U. They have also performed the National Anthem at Twickenham and at the England vs. USA football match in Wembley Stadium in the summer of 2008.
They recorded their first three albums with Universal and have over 1 million sales. Their self-titled debut album, All Angels was released in 2006, and their second album, Into Paradise was released on 26 November 2007. A third album Fly away was released in January 2010. Songs on this album include Norah Jones's Come Away With Me, Send In The Clowns, Bob Dylan's Blowin' In The Wind, Eric Whitacre's Sleep, and a duet with The Harlem Gospel Choir on I'll Fly Away. They have sold over 1,000,000 albums to date. All Angels are managed by TCB Group.
They undertook a UK tour supporting Katherine Jenkins in Summer 2009 and completed an arena tour later that year with Young Voices. The have been invited to perform in Los Angeles as part of the Inspiration Awards raising money for a Breast Cancer charity they have been affiliated with for the last four years.

Members

Daisy Chute
Daisy Chute (born 17 August 1989) is from Edinburgh. She studied at St Mary's Music School Edinburgh,where she was a chorister at St. Mary's Episcopal Cathedral and Loretto School and began her performing career at the age of nine as the young Cosette in the touring production of Les Misérables. At the age of thirteen she appeared as a young Judy Garland in Stars In Their Eyes Kids, and made her first appearance on the Edinburgh Fringe. At fifteen she recorded her debut album, Simply Jazz after she performed with a trio at a jazz cabaret show at the Edinburgh Jazz and Blues Festival and Edinburgh Fringe. A track from her Simply Jazz album was played by Humphrey Lyttelton on his BBC Radio 2 Best of Jazz show making Chute the youngest performer to ever be showcased on his show. Chute finished her secondary schooling at the Purcell School of Music in Bushey, Hertfordshire where she studied voice, piano and composition and gained 3 A's at A level examinations. In 2005 she was a joint winner, of a Scottish songwriting competition for the music festival Burnsong, with her song, Promises to Keep. All the winning songs were performed professionally and broadcast live on BBC Radio Scotland.
After meeting composer, Howard Goodall at the Royal Albert Hall's School Proms where she was fronting Loretto School ensemble, she was asked to sing on his television show, How Music Works where she performed the Shaker song 'Tis A Gift To Be Simple with Anastacia Nosobin on guitar on the first programme of the series. She also recorded the theme tune for the BBC Radio series What is Melody written by Dr Richard Niles.
In June 2006 she was a "Highly Commended" finalist in the joint BBC Proms and The Guardian newspaper Young Composer Competition.
On 24 September 2006 she performed at Wigmore Hall in London, giving a solo recital of Alec Wilder songs. She was signed to Universal Classics and Jazz (UCJ) on the day she turned seventeen, as part of All Angels. Chute has also had a brief stint presenting the CBBC news programme, Newsround at the Pop Poll Awards and interviewed Ronan Keating, Billie Piper and Westlife. In summer 2008, she was featured in Highland Heartbeat, a Scottish music special filmed by American broadcaster PBS and broadcast throughout the USA in the Spring of 2009. She performed last year touring the music societies as guest vocalist with classical guitarist, Simon Thacker and Camerata Ritmata.
In 2008 Chute won the Scottish Music Centre's Young Composer's competition.
She has now received a Bachelor of Music degree at King's College, University of London.

Melanie Nakhla
Melanie Nakhla (born 29 December 1988 in Malta) She moved with her family to Shrewsbury, Shropshire when she was three years old, where she attended Prestfelde School. She also attended Shrewsbury High School, until the age of 15. She began singing at a young age, joining the Shrewsbury Children's Choir when she was eight years old. She competed in the Oswestry Eisteddfod when she was ten years old coming first in a singing competition. She was a student at Wycombe Abbey in High Wycombe where she was head of choir. She has also appeared at the opening of the Severn Theatre in Shrewsbury. She is studying French and Spanish at University College London.

Charlotte Ritchie
Charlotte Ritchie is an English actress and member of the classical crossover band All Angels.
Ritchie joined the National Youth Music Theatre (NYMT) aged eleven and performed in a touring production of Pendragon in Japan, as well as appearing in summer productions in London, Devon and Edinburgh with the NYMT and Youth Music Theatre:UK. Educated at James Allen's Girls' School in Dulwich South London, she appeared as an extra in Harry Potter: The Goblet of Fire and went on to play the lead character in a short film The Open Doors with Michael Sheen and Cherie Lunghi. She appeared in The Pierglass, at the Young Pleasance Theatre at the Edinburgh Fringe in August 2006.
Ritchie was presenter on Boomerang and played a neighbour in the BBC's Life of Riley. She has now completed her degree in English and Drama at Bristol University.
In 2011 Ritchie starred as Oregon in the Channel 4 comedy series Fresh Meat.

Rachel Fabri
Rachel Fabri (born 12 September 1985 in Malta) - Raised in Malta, she trained at the Masquerade Theatre Arts School. She also trained privately under the tuiton of soprano Gillian Zammit. She later received a masters degree in musical theatre at the Guildford School of Acting. She is an actor as well as a singer singing all kinds of different styles. Rachel is the newest member of the group, having joined the All Angels in July 2010. Rachel is a Psychology graduate from the University of Malta. Rachel's roles have included performances at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival as the lead role in 'Persephone', the London Palladium in 'Me and My Girl' and Abdel Akle in the Lee Tamahori film 'The Devil's Double'

Laura Wright
Laura Wright, (born 17 June 1990) was a member of All Angels and left the group in 2010.

2006: All Angels (256kbps AAC)
2007: Into Paradise (320kbps mp3)
2009: Fly Away (320kbps mp3)
2010: "Starlight" (EP) (320kbps mp3)