Mainstream is out! According to this motto the German publisher dtp young entertainment releases "Emily the Strange: Skate Strange" and an entirely new genre: Jump'n'Skate – individual and crazy like the antihero itself. In this new and first Emily game for PC and Mac the players step on a skateboard and get a lot of action.  The journey goes through New York, Paris, Moscow and London – a crazy world adjusted to the distinctive Emily style. The players can jump, slide, drive upright, do a handstand or lie on the skateboard and break through numerous obstacles.

Tasks like jumping over hydrants, garbage cans, ramps etc. require the full attention of the players and a quick reaction. Unexpected challenges and of course Emily's cats Nee Chee, Miles, Sabbath and Mystery are waiting in 36 freaky level. As "Bad Kitten Club" the cats govern the levels and influence the style of the worlds. In Nee Chee's "World of Chaos" the players drive through the dark and in Sabbath's "World of Fire" they cross deep gorges. Miles offers in his "World of Creativity" strange power ups giving the skateboard speed. In her "World of Stars" Mystery is generous – a ride without an accident will be rewarded with new, stylish skateboards.

Additionally, the Jump'n'Skate fans themselves can create new routes and challenges with the Level Editor. They can decide where to put special items like rockets, gorges, banisters, elastic springs or high stairs.

Therefore: Jump onto the skateboard and into Emily's "World of Strange": Let's skate!

Features:
"Emily the Strange" for the first time on PC and Mac

Crazy skateboard action together with the antiheroine

36 levels in the typical "Emily the Strange" style

The levels are based on the characteristics of Emily's cats: Nee Chee's "World of Chaos", Miles' "World of Creativity", Sabbath's "World of Fire" und Mystery's "World of Stars"

Extensive PC level editor: create and play your own level!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE
Unfortunately I could not find the native MAC version of the game so I ported the PC version of Emily the Strange Skate Strange using Wineskin.