Race radio-controlled cars through the neighborhood and beyond in the classic arcade racer Re-Volt! Fast paced, exciting driving, with explosive weapons and unique track designs deliver a larger than life racing experience like no other.

Re-Volt Classic brings the original PC and Dreamcast kart racer back to life with retina visuals, control methods tailored for touch devices and all the great gameplay that made the title such a fan favorite when it was originally released. 

★ 14 RACE TRACKS 
Drive your car through a wide range of tracks, including suburban streets and through gardens and houses, over rooftops under the stars, through museums and cruise ships, and even a Wild West ghost town!

★ 42 CARS 
Every kind of r/c car you can imagine is available to unlock in Re-Volt, electric and gas-powered, fast and slow, heavy and light! Advanced physics makes every car feel different to control – which will be your favourite?

★ 5 WAYS TO PLAY 
Races that feature up to 12 cars in Championship and Single Race modes; Arcade style Time Trials against the clock as it counts down to zero; search for the hidden stars in each track’s Practise mode; and collect all the stars in the Stunt Arena for a very special surprise… 

★ AMAZING GRAPHICS
The original Dreamcast graphics updated with sharp retina visuals – like an animated movie come to life, the story of these toys as they race around the world is as visually stunning as it was 12 years ago when originally released!

★ TOUCH CONTROLS DESIGNED FOR RACING
Three set-ups to cater for all tastes and experience, designed for fast paced twitch racing and ultimate control over your vehicle. 

★ CLASSIC SOUNDTRACK
Tunes that will stick in your head long after you stop playing, the timeless upbeat soundtrack pumps along with the action driving you forward to every finish line.

★ iPHONE 5 and iOS 6 SUPPORTED!
Full iPhone 5 screen size support and iOS 6.0 compatibility

★ MORE GREAT FEATURES COMING SOON
Support development of this game to help bring more game modes and ways to play to future updates.

Works on iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4, iPhone 3GS, iPod Touch (3rd, 4th and 5th gen), and iPad, iPad 2 and New iPad. Requires iOS 4.3 or later.