Cuarteto Machin / Antonio Machin, Vol. 2: 1932-1933 (Harlequin) [FLAC] {MKOP}

One of the early legends of Cuban music, Antonio Machin led his own acoustic band in the 1920s, and eventually emigrated from the island, first to the United States, and finally to Spain, where he lived and recorded for several decades. Machin is best known as the vocalist on the hit song, "El Manisero (The Peanut Vendor)," though he is also one of the all-time finest Cuban bolero singers. Several excellent retrospectives of his work, covering various phases of career have come out recently on the Tumbao, Harlequin and Caney labels.

After the success of El Manisero, Machin released a spate of recordings in New York between 1930 and 1935. During this period he waxed some 200 sides, recording even more than American pop star Bing Crosby. Machin did much of his work in a small-group format, favoring quartets comprised of claves, tres, guitar, and trumpet. While the personnel for these quartets varied, Machin was most often accompanied by guitarist Daniel Sanchez, who sings duets with him on the vast majority of these recordings. Sanchez has a pleasant baritone that contrasts with Machín's tenor, but there's no indication on any recording that he's Machin's equal as a vocalist. Best-known of all the quartet personnel is Mario Bauza, who would later become the Machito orchestra's musical director. Bauza plays trumpet on some of the quartet sessions... Still, Machin's place in Cuban -- and American -- musical history is secure, and justifiably so. When he's at his best, Machin's coloratura can send a chill up your spine. -Biography by Spencer Harrington (Allmusic)

01. Entre Tinieblas
02. Don Lengua
03. Mujer
04. Caramelero
05. Perlas de Tu Boca
06. Cuartito Sagrado
07. De Que Te Vale
08. Recordando a un Vendedor
09. Lucero de Mis Noches
10. Sitiera	
11. Asi Como Suena Mi Son
12. Castigador
13. Para Que No Pago O Dale Que Ya Monte
14. Échale Salsita
15. Guanajo Relleno
16. Ese Hombre Es un Diable
17. Rumba Tambah
18. Menéalo Que Se Empelota
19. Clara
20. Repellito

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders