S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Agricultural Simulator 2013 (c) UIG Entertainment

17-11-2012......Release Date <-> Protection.....Serial+Activation
Simulator..........Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

The 2013 sequel to the successful Agricultural Simulator series is
ready to roll - with updated agricultural technology from well known
partners

Go farm on idyllic pastures surrounded by inviting virgin mountain
panoramas, or alternatively the fabulous landscapes of Tuscany and the
USA are waiting with un-worked fields for all agriculture fans

At their very own farm hobby-farmers undertake the daily tasks of
running the Farm: The production of food, sustainable resources, and
the delivery of eco materials

Fields have to be worked and farm animals cared for. The dynamic ground
makes the whole game more realistic! Future farmers have to invest
tactically and with foresight the rapid spend of budgets by running
costs and seed bills must not be underestimated. To realize a profit
takes financial and tactical skill

Features:

More than 70 vehicles and extensions

3 different environments including towns, villages and farms (Tuscany
Alpine, United States)

Dynamic, realistic ground

Realistic dirtying of ALL vehicles (visually and in handling)

6 different animal species (cattle, bulls, sheep, chickens, horses
deer)

Extensive help system, including transport tasks

new plant species (eg sunflower)

Sales hot spots on all maps for all products - quick sale for
inexperienced players

Interactive tutorial missions for all beginners

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Poster:

 
http://imgon.net/di-KGDP.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://imgon.net/di-0UMU.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-Z2R6.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-CXNQ.jpg


ENJOY!