                          Dimensity (c) Strategy First
    
        04/2010 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Solidshield
              1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Role-Playing
   
                   Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                    ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß


  The most powerful is the Kingdom of Dumnoni, whose kings claim to be almighty
  and everyone must obey their orders. Far to the east of the mountains in
  hostile marshlands, the race of the Firbolgs united in ancient times and
  formed a shamanistic culture. Although the Humans often call them 'Savages',
  the Firbolgs are proud and just people. They are born in war, they live to
  fight and die in the name of the War God. 

  Little is known about the fearsome Ghosts. The knowledge of their origin
  seems lost in present days. However many of the scholars believe they are
  souls, that are bound to the world until they achieve the right to find rest
  in the true death. 

  Almost nothing is known about the Elementals. Actually many believe they
  haven't existed at all. They are source of legends and myths and none has
  been able to see them for many generations. 

  At the present the Kingdom of Dumnoni tries to expand towards the territories
  of the Firbolgs and force them to kneel to the crown. A goal that proved not
  easy to achieve as the time revealed. The race of men is separated however by
  religious disjunction and many people disagree that the mighty kings of
  Dumnoni are true bearers of the will of gods. 

  Features
  * Create a leader choosing from four available races (Human, Firbolg, 
    Elemental and Ghost) with two classes each (warrior and mage).   
  * Make your hero advance learning from available skills and magic spells of 
    your choice.   
  * Face more than 100 types of creatures and bosses.   
  * Explore an immersive and hostile Heroic Fantasy world.   
  * Raise structures of war and build an army to accompany you.   
  * Prevail in Multiplayer game which supports up to four players.   
  * Raise your level through multiple multiplayer sessions having all 
    acquired skills and items. 



             ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
             ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß

  

  1. Unrar.
  2. Install the game. 
  3. Install the update located in the /Crack dir on the DVD.
  4. Copy over the cracked content located in the /Crack dir on the DVD to 
	your <install>bin dir.
  5. Play the game.
  6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!

