Book Description
Lift in Action is a step-by-step exploration of the Lift framework. It moves through the subject quickly using carefully crafted, well-explained examples that make you comfortable from the start. This book is written for developers who are new to both Scala and Lift.

Lift is a Scala-based web framework designed for extremely interactive and engaging web applications. It’s highly scalable, production-ready, and will run in any servlet container. And Lift’s convention-over-configuration approach lets you avoid needless work.

Lift in Action is a step-by-step exploration of the Lift framework. It moves through the subject quickly using carefully crafted, well-explained examples that make you comfortable from the start. You’ll follow an entertaining Travel Auction application that covers the core concepts and shows up architectural and development strategies. Handy appendixes offer a Scala crash course and guidance for setting up a good coding environment.

This book is written for developers who are new to both Scala and Lift and covers just enough Scala to get you started.

What’s Inside

Complete coverage of the Lift framework
Security, maintainability, and performance
Integration and scaling
Covers Lift 2.x
Table of Contents
Part 1: Getting started
Chapter 1. Introducing Lift
Chapter 2. Hello Lift

Part 2: Application tutorial
Chapter 3. The auction application
Chapter 4. Customers, auctions, and bidding
Chapter 5. Shopping basket and checkout

Part 3: Lift in detail
Chapter 6. Common tasks with Lift WebKit
Chapter 7. SiteMap and access control
Chapter 8. HTTP in Lift
Chapter 9. AJAX, wiring, and Comet
Chapter 10. Persistence with Mapper
Chapter 11. Persistence with Record
Chapter 12. Localization
Chapter 13. Distributed messaging and Java enterprise integration
Chapter 14. Application testing
Chapter 15. Deployment and scaling

Appendix A. Introduction to Scala
Appendix B. Configuring an IDE
Appendix C. Options and boxes

Book Details
Paperback: 424 pages
Publisher: Manning Publications (November 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1935182803
ISBN-13: 978-1935182801