Computer and Video Games Magazine Issues 01-126 
November 1981 - May 1992 plus Yearbooks

** Note: This is a rework of a collection previously available. Content
** is essentially the same, but image quality should be improved.

Computer and Video Games (C+VG) was a long-running multi-format UK-based
magazine. It went through several phases; at first, it was very much a
hobbyist magazine, with plenty of type-ins and technical articles. Like
most 80's UK computer magazines, it went a bit mad as the market got
saturated and relaunched as an entertainment title, with some bizarre
and ill-fitting Jerry Paris cartoon characters "running the magazine".
After a while it settled down into a generic multi-format entertainment
mag focussed mainly on consoles. It continued in print form until 2004,
and still continues today as a web site.

These PDFs are the compiled collections of page scans available on
www.worldofspectrum.org . They've been OCR'd to allow text searching and
copying - this should prove very useful for the Sinclair archivist who'd
like to have their own local searchable archive. They look great on most
PDF readers, including the iPad.

Some issues of C+VG included a supplement - these have been added to the
end of the magazine. The 1984 and 1985 yearbooks are also included.

The OCR software has done it's best, but has struggled with some of the
more unusual fonts and layouts used and by the relatively low DPI of the
source images. More than most, later issues of C+VG used all sorts of
mixed fonts, flooded backdrops and everything else that makes the OCR
software's life more difficult; some of the pages are barely readable by
human eyes!

The file size is a bit larger than the combined size of the original JPG
images; I've done my best to make the PDF's as compact as possible
without losing image quality. Be grateful for cheap storage :)

More OCR'd scans will be periodically available - please check(or just Google "RetroPDFs") for more information.

Thanks to Martijn van der Heide for the wonderful World Of Spectrum site
(www.worldofspectrum.org), and ADJB and everyone else on the WoS forums
for help and advice.

90's style "greets" to anyone formally or currently involved in the
Amiga scene, especially Pazza, Mic Flair, Violator, Denzil, Tango, Fat
Will, mUb and Maximan, and anyone else who read or wrote for LSD
Grapevine. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be ;)

Ken D
fabwhack@gmail.com(or Google "RetroPDFs")


