

 Folque [1974]1995 - Panor / 011

[img]http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p180/SonAfterDark/tracklistlatest.png[/img]

01 - Skjøn Jomfru
02 - Ravnene
03 - Springar
04 - Sjugur Og Trollsbrura
05 - Nissedans
06 - Harpa
07 - Sinclairvise
08 - Reinlender
09 - Alison Gross
10 - Steffa Går Til Selfjord
11 - Reven Og Bjørnen
12 - Heimat Låta

Folque is the Debut Album by the Norwegian Celtic Folk Band Folque.
In early 1973 they were called Brød og Vin (Bread and Wine), and played Acoustic Folk Rock songs in the Oslo Folk circuit, singing translated English Folk songs or Norwegian Traditional stories. But three new members joined the Band bringing with them a new sound, with Electric instruments. I had never heard a Norwegian Album that wasn't sung in English, and i must say I enjoyed the language a lot. It doesn't sound weird to me at all, even though i can't understand a single word of the lyrics. After this Debut, the Band went through some Personnel changes, changing the Guitarist and adding a permanent Drummer to their group.
"Skjøn Jomfru" is the opening song, and i must say it is a very, very good song. I don't understand anything they are saying, and I really don't care, the Vocals are really good, therefore the meaning of what they are saying is irrelevant. Highlights are the fantastic String lines and the fantastic rhythm and power of the song. "Ravnene", while i was listening to this song i kept thinking how strong Lisa Helljesen Vocals were. "Springar" is a quick melodic instrumental song, again with some very good String lines. "Sjugur Og Trollsbrura" the first track where Jørn Jensen takes the Lead role. The percussion is very strong and adds a lot to the sound. "Harpa" is very beautiful, again i don't know what it is about, but i guess it's something sad. "Reinlender"'s happiness and joy is really fascinating, this instrumental song, with Electric Guitars and Drums is one of the most pleasant i have heard in awhile. For the first time that Bass turns into the most important instrument in "Steffa Går Til Selfjord". "Heimat Låta" is the last song. It sounds a lot like a goodbye song, so i guess it was an effect they wanted to create.


cd ripped by EAC
 
http://i809.photobucket.com/albums/zz12/elitter/fd0138fdb1-1.gif
 
http://dickthespic.org