 Revo Uninstaller Pro ver. 2.5.3



 This is more or less the latest version - just a few months old.

 It is a very powerful, intuitive to use and useful program.It's like Total

 Uninstaller Pro - but much better.


 To install - First make sure you have administrator rights then install to

 Program files or whatever then don't run it yet - terminate application and

 copy crack to download location and run it.When executed go to options and make

 sure auto updates are un-ticked.

 Clean - scanned with Avast and Malwarebytes.


 Revo Uninstaller Pro


Revo Uninstaller Pro helps you to uninstall software and remove unwanted programs installed on your computer easily! Even if you have problems uninstalling and cannot uninstall them from "Windows Add or Remove Programs" control panel applet. 

Revo Uninstaller is a much faster and more powerful alternative to "Windows Add or Remove Programs" applet! It has very powerful features to uninstall and remove programs.
No more stubborn programs
No more installation errors
No more upgrade problems
Remove programs easily

With its advanced and fast algorithms, Revo Uninstaller Pro analyzes an application's data before uninstall and scans for remnants after the uninstall of a program. After the program's regular uninstaller runs, you can remove additional unnecessary files, folders and registry keys that are usually left over on your computer. Revo Uninstaller Pro offers you some simple, easy to use, but effective and powerful methods for uninstalling software like tracing the program during its installation.

Revo Uninstaller Pro has a very powerful feature called Forced Uninstall. Forced Uninstall is the best solution when you have to remove stubborn programs, partially installed programs, partially uninstalled programs, and programs not listed as installed at all!

To remove a program completely, and without leaving a trace, you can monitor all system changes made during its installation, and then use that information to uninstall it with one click only ΓÇô simple and easy!


Main Features
Real-Time installation monitor
- for complete uninstall
Forced Uninstall
- remove stubborn programs
Advanced scanning for leftovers
- remove remnants of programs
Multi-Level Backup System
- safe uninstall of programs
Junk Files Cleaner
- remove unnecessary files
Autorun Manager
- control Windows startup
Windows Tools
- useful Windows tools in one place
Browsers Cleaner
- clear Internet browser history
MS Office Cleaner
- clear Microsoft Office history
Windows Cleaner
- remove junk files from your Windows
Evidence Remover
- erase permanently confidential data
Unrecoverable Delete
- erase permanently files and folders