                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Alarm Clock Ultra is THE best looking alarm clock app available, an absolute feast for the eyes... but don't be fooled by the candy coated exterior, this app has serious functionality under the hood.
Wake up the way you want to with Alarm Clock Ultra's extensive customization.

Alarm Clock Ultra

    Unlimited Alarms
    Repeat Alarms
    Wake up to your own music
    Amazing selection of preset alarm tones
    Gradual alarm clock volume increase
    Shake to dismiss alarm
    Shake to snooze
    Solve puzzle to dismiss
    Solve puzzle to snooze
    Variable Preset Quick Snooze
    Customized snooze duration
    Maximum Snooze amounts
    Multi-preset Quick Sleep alarms - ideal for a powernap
    Nightclock
    Beautiful looking Stopwatch
    Countdown Timer - with fully customizable user preset options
    Egg Timer - with built in cooking times and instructions
    Quick Access Flashlight
    Background themes - select your favorite look
    12/24 Hour
    Battery Level indicator
    Simple to customize and navigate

Accidentally disabling your alarm is a thing of the past thanks to Alarm Clock Ultra, with our unique 'Puzzle To Snooze/Dismiss' functionality, you'll be wide awake and raring to go every time you wake up.
Want to work out and wake up the brain even more? Try our Math problems to Snooze/Dismiss feature, with 3 levels of difficulty this is a sure fire way to get you up and running on a sleepy morning.


Alarm Clock Ultra ensures you get the best possible nights sleep.

    White Noise
    Seaside Garden Birds
    Deep Forest & Water
    Rain & Nature Sounds
    Over 25 relaxing melodies and sounds.

Widgets
No Android app would be complete without a light sprinkling of widgets, and that's exactly what you get with Alarm Clock Ultra. Choose between any of our beautifully designed widgets so you can keep track of the time, weather and your next scheduled alarm, right on the home screen of your phone!

Alarm clock Ultra also includes a fantastic looking Stopwatch, a countdown timer and even an egg timer with cooking instructions and preset boiling times.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 4, 2012)

    Fixed Alarm Screen Issue!
    Please rate us if you like the App!

Required Android O/S : 2.1+

                                   By bobiras2009	