RELEASE NOTES:

Dark Souls: Prepare To Die Edition (c) FromSoftware

Supplied by: FAIRLIGHT              Release Date: 24/08/2012
Cracked by:  FAIRLIGHT              Game Type:    Action/RPG
Packaged by: FAIRLIGHT              Image Format: ISO
DISCS: 1 DVD                        Protection: G4WL

DISCRIPTION:
Dark Souls is the new action role-playing game  from  the  developers  who
brought you  Demon's  Souls,  FromSoftware.  Dark  Souls  will  have  many
familiar features:  A  dark  fantasy  universe,  tense  dungeon  crawling,
fearsome enemy encounters and unique online interactions. Dark Souls is  a
spiritual  successor  to  Demon's,  not  a  sequel.  Prepare  for  a  new,
despair-inducing  world,  with  a  vast,  fully-explorable  horizon  and
vertically-oriented  landforms.  Prepare  for  a  new,  mysterious  story,
centered around the the world of Lodran, but most of all, prepare to  die.
You will face countless murderous traps, countless darkly  grotesque  mobs
and several gargantuan, supremely powerful demons and dragons bosses.  You
must learn from death to persist through this unforgiving world.  And  you
arent alone. Dark Souls allows the spirits of other players to show up in
your world, so you can learn from their deaths and  they  can  learn  from
yours. You can also summon players into your world to co-op adventure,  or
invade other's worlds to PVP battle. New to Dark Souls are Bonfires, which
serve as check points as you fight your way through this  epic  adventure.
While rested at Bonfires, your health and magic replenish but at  a  cost,
all mobs respawn. Beware: There is no place in Dark Souls  that  is  truly
safe. With days of game play and an even more punishing difficulty  level,
Dark Souls will be the most deeply challenging game you  play  this  year.
Can you live through a million deaths and earn your legacy.

INSTALL NOTES:
1. Save to disk or mount with Daemon Tools.
2. Install the game.
3. When you request a serial number, enter whatever it is
4. Copy the contents of the folder Fairlight, situated on DVD-it, the installation directory of the game.
5. Start the game.
6. Make Offline Profile
When the Games for Windows Live asks - choose "Create New Profile".
Scroll down.
Click on the link "create local profile".
7. Enjoy!

SCREENSHOTS: 
http://www.postimg.com/image/82000/photo-81154.jpg  
http://www.postimg.com/image/82000/photo-81156.jpg  
http://www.postimg.com/image/82000/photo-81157.jpg

Enjoy and please seed!