Name: DVD-Ranger 4.2.0.4 Final
Year: 2012
Platform: Windows All
Language: English

Operating system: Windows XP SP2/Vista SP1
Processor: Pentium III 1 GHz
Memory: 512 MB
Video: 16-bit, 1280x800
Free space on HDD: 40 MB

Description:
DVD-Ranger - a program designed specifically to allow the facility to record and copy CDs. DVD-Ranger uses a special fast algorithms to reduce the amount of time devoted to copying of a DVD disc. A distinctive feature of the program is that it can work with databases HotFix. This means that you have an opportunity to create their own database of your media and keep track of all your movies. DVD-Ranger is a very simple and user-friendly interface can be configured in different ways, has the ability to save your settings as well as play and predproigryvaniya your DVD files. The program is useful to you if you are engaged in copying the discs and you need a quick solution for this problem.

A distinctive feature of the program is that it can work with databases HotFix. This means that you have an opportunity to create their own database of your media and keep track of all your movies. DVD-Ranger is a very simple and user-friendly interface can be configured in different ways, has the ability to save your settings as well as play and predproigryvaniya your DVD files. The program is useful to you if you are engaged in copying the discs and you need a quick solution for this problem.

Features:
Unique algorithm recompression
High speed copying and conversion
GPU acceleration - Support for NVIDIA CUDA
Supports a wide range of mobile devices such as iPod, PSP and Zune., Zen, Nexus, Nintendo DS, Walkman, iPad, and more.
Convert DVD to Real HD (480i or 480p DVD to 720p or 1080p High Definition Video)
Merge different video resolution with most popular audio frequencies
Increase the volume of sound
Create and burn ISO images
Burn DVD, Blu-Ray
DVD-Ranger allows you to add a menu for the movie

Installation:
Install the program
Patches
We use