
Brutally Deep Throated, Pussy Fucked, Finger Blasted, Made to Squirt! Elbow Suspension from HELL | Amber Rayne | Matt Williams

October 22, 2012


MP4 only.


Welcome back the amazing Amber Rayne to Sexually Broken, the 
fastest growing sex and submission web site on the net! If 
every person on planet had the sexual attitude of Amber, Men 
wouldn't have time to fight wars...

This was the Meet & Greet with Amber, it is the first scene we 
do for the day. It's where we create bondage while you watch. 
All the tying is done on screen, as the scene flows, morphs. 
These are the most realistic BDSM scenes on the 'net. The 
rigger/handler is bringing the cock. Nowhere else on the 'net 
do you find that. All other sites have a director tie up the 
girl and a porn star walks in to fuck her, in other words, 
100% staged and FAKE.

We start by binding Amber's elbows tightly together, then 
flogging her arms. We abuse her hard nipples, and strip her. 
We make her take off her own shoes, she struggles and we 
punish her for slowness. Amber loves cock deep in her throat. 
Normally she controls that situation, not today. We roughly 
deep throat that pretty face into subspace. The cock cuts off 
all air, she breathes when we want her to breathe. Amber 
struggles, we are abusive with the cock. She is skull fucked 
like she has never been skull fucked before. 

Amber is now pretty loopy from the severe breath play. We 
knock her down and bind a rod though her elbows and attach her 
knees to it, and her pretty feet are bound. We rock her on to 
her back and she finds herself completely vulnerable, legs 
spread wide, elbows remain tightly bound behind. We finger 
blast Amber's "G" spot, and within seconds she is a screaming, 
squirting, cum bot! 

We aren't done. We sit Amber up and attach a pulley system to 
the rod, suspending Amber by her bound elbows and legs. The 
bondage is brutal, the model suffers. We pull out the vibrator 
and make Amber cum again and again. She is lost deep in 
subspace, we let her float there, alone and in a Category 5 
suspension.

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_22arayne/SexuallyBroken-Amber-Rayne-Matt-Williams-Brutally-Deep-Throated-Pussy-Fucked-Finger-Blasted-Made-to-Squirt-Elbow-Suspension-from-HELL.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  