Resident Evil 5 [Multi9] Repack

Year: 2009
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Capcom Entertainment
Publisher: Capcom Entertainment
Publication Type: Repack
Language: English/Russian/French/Italian/German/Spanish/Polish/Czech/Japanese
Sound language: English / Russian
crack: enclosing (RELOADED)

System requirements:

Operating system: Windows XR / Vista / 7
Processor: Intel 3.0 GHz / AMD 2.5 GHz
Memory: 1 Gb (XP) / 2 Gb (Vista / 7)
Video: support for DirectX 9.0c / Shader3.0, VRAM 256 Mb
Sound card: compatible with DirectX 9.0c
Free hard drive space: 7 GB

Are you afraid of the dark? No problem! Resident Evil 5 will teach you the fear of the world ... A new episode chilling saga will take you to the hottest continent, Africa. There scorching midday sun disperses the shadows and bright and fills the world would seem so soothing light. Resist the illusion! Bloodthirsty ancient evil does not have to lurk in the darkness, and death bright sunny day no less terrible than a dark rainy night. The population of whole villages though mad. People and animals are transformed into fierce monsters you must meet danger face to face and get to the origins of the nightmare.
You will fight for life in a realistic, detailed world where good response is as important as the nerves of steel. Latest graphics technology makes believe what is happening on the screen and in their own skin to feel a paralyzing fear.


Features RePack:

Old friend. The main role in the new history play, Chris Redfield, familiar to fans at games Resident Evil and Resident Evil: Code Veronica.

Charming co-worker. Chris is not alone in his dangerous journey. He is accompanied by Sheva Alomar - the agent of the West African anti-terrorist unit organization BSAA.

The exotic nature of the environment. The game is set in the sunny Africa, where the day no less terrible than at night.

Nimble enemies. Forget about clumsy zombies who are dangerous only when they gather a crowd. Opponents Kris clever and agile, so that even on the single are a threat.

An impressive arsenal. It offers knives, pistols, machine guns, sniper rifles and other weapons. Chris can hold his own.


Do not cut / no recoded
Independent choice of language and voice-text
Installation of ~ 20 min
Repacked by: z10yded 
Games For Windows Live Will be automatically installed

