This 283-page paperback is a complete guide to the operation and features of the Canon PowerShot S100, one of the most sophisticated compact digital cameras currently available. The book is a follow-up to earlier guides by this author to advanced compact cameras, including the Leica D-Lux 5, Panasonic Lumix LX5, and Fujifilm FinePix X100. The new book explains all operations, features, and controls of the Canon PowerShot S100 camera in clear language, providing guidance not only about how to accomplish things with the camera, but when and why to use certain features. The book does not assume specialized knowledge by the reader, but adopts a matter-of-fact tone in covering topics such as autofocus, manual focus, depth of field, aperture priority, HDR (High Dynamic Range) photography, white balance, ISO, and macro photography. The book includes discussions of the special features of the S100, including its High-Definition video capability, and its Super Slow Motion video settings, which allow the user to slow down action to one-eighth of normal speed. The more than 200 photographs in the book, almost all in full color, illustrate the controls and menus of the camera, and include examples of the types of pictures that can be taken using the many creative settings of the S100, including Creative Filters mode settings, which let the photographer alter the color processing and other aspects of images. In addition, the book explains menu options such as Dynamic Range Correction, and it explains the excellent features that this camera has for shooting continuous bursts of still photographs. The book also goes beyond the realm of everyday photography, with introductions to topics such as infrared photography, street photography, macro photography, and creating 3D (three-dimensional) images that can be viewed with conventional red and blue 3D glasses. In three appendices, the book describes accessories for the PowerShot S100 camera, including filter adapter, cases, and external flash; gives a list of web sites and other resources for further information; and includes a section with quick tips that give insights into how to take advantage of the features of this camera in the most efficient ways possible. The book includes a detailed Table of Contents and a full Index, so the reader can quickly find information about any particular feature or aspect of the camera.



Paperback: 283 pages
Publisher: White Knight Press (December 18, 2011)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1937986020
ISBN-13: 978-1937986025