S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Fallen Enchantress (c) Stardock Entertainment

23-10-2012......Release Date <-> Protection..........Stardock DRM
Strategy...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

A World to Build or Destroy

"A war is coming" a war between East and West - between Kingdoms and
Empires, between man and Fallen. A future of blood and death, of chaos
and destruction. the Oracle Ceresa

Design your sovereign with unique talents and weapons for the trials
ahead. Learn powerful spells to enchant units, summon elementals, or
destroy those who oppose you. Found cities and research technologies to
expand your influence. Send your champions on quests to recover ancient
artifacts, gain allies, or obtain the great wealth lost during the
Cataclysm.

The land is not simply waiting to be claimed; it must be conquered.
Darkling camps, ogre lairs and caves waiting to be explored dot the
landscape. In remote corners of the world, tireless butchermen, fell
demons and legendary locations are waiting to be found. Explore Varda,
a pre-Cataclysm city defended by golems that have turned on the
citizens and made the city into a prison. Defeat Sarog to claim the
Temple of the Dragon and recruit Ashwake Dragons to your cause. Claim
the Flooded Graveyard or the Pit of Sarpah to harness the powerful
magical energy of those locations.

Features:

Recruit Champions - Equip them with rare magical items that you create
or discover. Customize your champion's special abilities and traits as
they gain levels.

Fight in tactical battles - Battle enemy armies or the wild creatures
of the world. Command your armies directly and choose between the
special attacks and spells your units have learned.

Design your units - Customize their armor and weapons. Equip units
with mounts to quickly close on enemy units. Train them with
specialized traits like Discipline and Ignore Pain.

Liberate or Enslave - Transform Elemental into a noble kingdom, or an
empire where citizens are fuel for your spells. Build studies and
workshops to make your citizens more productive, or gallows and
sacrificial altars to keep your citizens motivated.

Explore Wildland Areas - Be cautious when entering these areas; they
offer their own rewards and treasures, but you will need high-level
champions, advanced armies and powerful spells to survive.

Build your own world - Use the included modding tools to create new
improvements, locations, quests or factions. Design new spells in the
Particle Cauldron and entire worlds with the Cartographe's Table.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!