Native Instruments PREMIUM TUBE SERIES BUNDLE v1.0.0


Native Instruments Vari Comp v1.0.0


VARI COMP is an all-purpose, easy-to-use, two-channel compressor with breathtakingly transparent sound. Modeled on the sound of boutique high-end studio gear, this first-ever software emulation adds high-pass sidechaining and parallel compression – all while running as a stand-alone plug-in inside your DAW. Highly usable and full of rich, natural sound, VARI COMP delivers the warmth and presence of top-of-the-line tube-powered hardware. 

Native Instruments Passive EQ v1.0.0


PASSIVE EQ captures the rich, natural sound and presence of high-end, tube-powered studio gear. Its ‘musical’ character, even at extreme settings, makes this all-purpose EQ a natural choice for a wide range of production duties. Its ability to double as a premium mastering tool brings an unmistakable high-end-studio feel to every track, for beginners and experts alike. Exquisitely modeled in collaboration with the renowned Softube, and running standalone in any DAW, PASSIVE EQ puts the professional touch at your fingertips.

Native Instruments Enhanced EQ v1.0.0


ENHANCED EQ is a unique, easy-to-use effect that will provide your tracks with the analog sound of the masters – equally potent at adding subtle definition as rich loudness. Modeled from a boutique studio standard, this is the go-to EQ for warmth, body and definition at the bottom end of your mix, or for crisping up the midrange. Emulated by the masters at Softube, ENHANCED EQ has a character and presence recognizable from a vast number of top productions.

Now NI brings you this secret weapon as a native plug-in for the first time, running individually in your DAW, and ready to enliven and enhance your music.  


System requirements

Windows 7 (latest Service Pack, 32/64 Bit)
Intel Core Duo or AMD Athlon 64 X2
2 GB RAM


Any host / DAW as a plug-in 
(Formats: AU, VST, RTAS, AAX)




INSTALLATION


• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Burn or Mount with a virtual drive such as deamon tools or PowerISO


• Install.





         •  That's it! Done.


                       3Nj0Y!!!