            The Essential Guide to Telecommunications, 5th Edition - 2010kaiser

“Annabel Dodd is a maestro when it comes to demystifying even the most complex telecommunications policies. She takes on the range of issues in the telecom world that shape how we learn, share information, conduct business, and enjoy entertainment. It’s an illuminating, accessible account that provides a much-needed primer for anyone interested in communications policy.”

—Congressman Edward J. Markey, Ranking Member Subcommittee on Telecommunications, Trade and Consumer Protection



“Annabel Dodd’s book is a clear guide and big picture view of technologies and industries. It is an up-to-date guide for anyone who wants to be familiar with important innovations and key technologies. This is truly an industry bible for mobile, Internet, and networking services.”

—Hiawatha Bray, technology reporter, Boston Globe

A Completely Revised Bestseller with an Updated Industry Overview and New Coverage of Mobile Networks, LTE, Spectrum, Cloud Computing, and More!



The #1 Telecom Guide for Businesspeople and Nontechnical Professionals, Fully Updated for Cloud Services, Social Media, and Advanced Mobile Networks



Completely updated for the newest trends and technologies, The Essential Guide to Telecommunications, Fifth Edition, is the world’s top-selling nontechnical guide to today’s fast-changing telecommunications industry. More than 170,000 copies of previous editions are in print, and this indispensible resource has been translated into nine languages.


Writing in plain language, Dodd demystifies today’s most significant technologies, standards, and architectures. She introduces the industry-leading providers worldwide, explains where they fit in a fast-changing marketplace, and presents their key strategies. Coverage includes

Assessing the massive business and technical implications of the cloud computing revolution
How traffic from ubiquitous tools like Skype, Facebook, and smartphones are transforming networks
Understanding recent radical changes in data centers
How mobile carriers are balancing performance and cost in timing 4G upgrades
How new concerns about regulation, security, and privacy are reshaping the industry

This indispensable guide provides everything you need to know about telecommunications now—whether you’re a salesperson, marketer, investor, or customer. 

ENJOY AND SEED!!!