Anal Overdose 2 (2DVD5 Disc Set)

Studio 	Evil Angel
DVD Encoding 	All Regions
All Time Product Rank 	104,493
CD Universe Part number 	8674340
Discs 	2
Release Date 	Jan 26, 2012
Category 	Anal, HD - Shot In High Def, Big Butts, P.O.V. - Point of View
Director 	Mike Adriano
Starring 	Inari Vachs, Mike Adriano, Janet Mason, Maya Hills, Tiffany 

Mynx, Veronica Avluv, Dani Jensen, Alana Evans, Khloe Kush



POV+! Too Much Anal Is Never Enough!

Gaping Contest! All The Way Up Her Fat Ass!

Tasting That Ass Through! Deep Anal Craving!

Teenage Ass Gaped! Like A Dinner Plate! Sloppy Anal Love!

Director/performer Mike Adriano has developed a graphic style for sharing his 

huge appetite for twisted butt play and nasty anal intercourse. Can there be 

too much of a good thing? Mike's double-disc 'Anal Overdose 2' packs more 

backdoor fun and rump wrangling than anal lightweights can handle. With five 

epic, intense scenes of gaping, butt-plunging, ass-to-mouth perversity, this 

movie might be addictive! Busty, seasoned porn sluts Alana Evans and Tiffany 

Mynx strut their stuff on the director's treadmill, then oil up each other's 

plump boobs and giant ass before giving Mike a wet double blow job and 

receiving his hot beef injection in their hungry assholes. All-natural redhead 

Dani Jensen and stacked brunette Veronica Avluv team up for a sensuous session 

of ass reaming, ass eating and ass-to-mouth fun.

These luscious ladies take turns blowing Mike and rimming his butthole; 

Veronica gets her stretchable anus relentlessly stuffed with cock. Next, 

adorable blonde Maya Hills spreads her bubble buns for the director's tireless 

pole. After he's fucked her sweet ass beyond the point of no return, Maya 

receives a messy cum facial. Super-sexy MILF Inari Vachs sports an unshaved 

pussy and perfect, all-natural body; she supplies Mike with slobbery 

deep-throat service and an intoxicating anal experience. A final threesome 

with gorgeous youngsters Khloe Kush and Alisa Ford features such nasty ass 

gaping that an intervention might be in order. There's even a bonus scene with 

mature titty queen Janet Mason. This prescription of hard-core anal action 

exceeds the recommended dosage!
