

Schoolhouse.Technologies.Schoolhouse.Test.v3.1.14.0-BEAN

BEAN has released a user-friendly program that will help you create a quiz, test, or exams. Creating and printing exams and quizes is now a lot easier than ever!


Test makes a time-consuming chore a whole lot easier and the result considerably more professional. Some of our customers have even hinted that creating tests with Schoolhouse Test can actually be an enjoyable process.

Create your first test in minutes
And Schoolhouse Test is surprisingly easy to use and very intuitive. It incorporates three views or work areas depending on the current task. You use the design view to construct your test, the document view to format the test and see exactly what it will look like when printed, and the answer sheet view to format the answer sheet and see what it will look like when printed, if you have opted to use an answer sheet that is.

Save paper and cut marking time
One of the more popular features of Schoolhouse Test is the answer sheet. You can automatically create an answer sheet for students to record their answers on and save the actual test document for future use. Saves paper and photocopier costs. The answer sheet also makes for easy marking. Simply place a student answer sheet on top of the answer key on a lighted surface (such as an overhead projector) and you can score an entire test in seconds.

One test, different questions
One of the top time-saving features in the design view is the option to activate and deactivate questions. You can, for example, design a master test with 100 questions but only use selected questions at a given time, turning them on and off as the situation demands.

Or same questions, different tests
Another time-saving feature in the design view is the randomize function. You can, with a just a couple of mouse clicks, randomize all the selected questions in the test so that they are in a different order. You can even randomize elements within questions. So you can generate many different tests using the same question set.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To know , learn and get all things come and join here
LOTS AND LOTS OF GREAT THINGS ARE HERE
                                                                                                                    
https://forum.suprbay.org

For reporting bad or suspicious torrents                                                                                                                                                                                                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=29

For my 1550+ Torrents                                                                                                                                                                                                              
http://thepiratebay.org/user/Anacondaz/

			
credit to the original creator encoder 			


		
