The first RM full-length album. 
The first Ruined Machines full-length release. Put up for free download on the web near midnight, June 2nd, 2007. Although the band logo featuring the Miss Television Intelligence symbol was created before the album was released, the album art was already made by then, therefore it has the original RM logo on it. The decision to make this album a "concept album" actually happened after the album was completed. Like with pretty much all of the older albums, it is knowingly mixed a little bit lower than today's standard. The album was re-released as a CD for 8 dollars on November 7th, 2007 (200 copies made) with an 8-page booklet featuring writing to accompany each song, and early purchases received a limited edition art print by Mike Brodka (of the 25 copies of the print made, RM only gave out the first 12 with the CDs). The album booklets were hand-made and printed, so each album tends to be a little unique in some way. Some copies were darker and had shades of purple in some spots because of this. These are not necessarily errors, since they tend to give the CDs some personality. The booklets were assembled by hand also, and due to error on Joe's part, there were two copies labeled "#40/200 L.E." and there may or may not be a #35 or #36. TGHOP was put on the Third Floor Escape netlabel in early 2008 as "tfescape001". As of May 2008, the CDs that were finalized with artwork and such have sold out and the only way to get this album is by download or by purchasing the disc that comes with the "Paths to a Digital Dawn" CD or buying just the disc alone.

♦ Track listing:
	1. Hardly A Place Of Honor
	2. Earth's Best Kept Secret
	3. The Grasping Hands Of Possibility
	4. Of Aries & Aquarius
	5. Here Today, Gone Tomorrow
	6. Hidden Paths To The Core
	7. Your Morphing Mindset
	8. Deep Thought & Deep Space
	9. Miss Television Intelligence
♦ Personnel:
Joseph Kenyon - all instruments and sounds

♦ First Released: June 2, 2007
Format: Digital Download (free)
Label: Independent

♦ Re-released: November 7, 2007
Format: CD 
Label: Independent

♦ Re-released: Early 2008 
Format: Digital Download (free) 
Label: Third Floor Escape