Citizens of the Sea: Wondrous Creatures From the Census of Marine Life 
by Nancy Knowlton
National Geographic | September 2010 | ISBN-10: 1426206437 | PDF | 216 pages | 101 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Citizens-Sea-Wondrous-Creatures-Census/dp/1426206437

The astonishing diversity of ocean life will wow you in this riveting book by marine scientist Nancy Knowlton. Citizens of the Sea reveals the most intriguing organisms in the ocean, captured in action by skilled underwater photographers from National Geographic and the Census of Marine Life.
As you read lively vignettes about sea creatures’ names, defenses, migration, mating habits, and more, you’ll be amazed at wonders like . . .

· The almost inconceivable number of creatures in the marine world. From the bounty of microbes in one drop of seawater, we can calculate that there are more individuals in the oceans than stars in the universe.
· The sophisticated sensory abilities that help these animals survive. For many, the standard five senses are just not enough.
· The incredible distances that seabirds and other species cover. Some will feed in both Arctic and Antarctic waters within a single year.
· The odd relationships common in the marine world. From a dental hygienist for fish to a walrus’s one-night stand, you’ll find beauty, practicality, and plenty of eccentricity in sea-life socialization.

Brilliantly photographed and written in an easygoing style, Citizens of the Sea will inform and enchant you with close-up documentation of the fascinating facts of life in the ocean realm.

About the Author
Dr. Nancy Knowlton is the Sant Chair for Marine Science at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History and was a scientific leader of the Census of Marine Life. She founded the Center for Marine Biodiversity and Conservation at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography of the University of California, San Diego. Knowlton has devoted her life to studying, celebrating, and striving to protect the multitude of life-forms that call the sea home. She is Editor-in-Chief of the Smithsonian's Ocean Portal http://ocean.si.edu. In 2009 Knowlton won the Peter Benchley Award for science in the service of conservation and in 2011 she won the Heinz Award for contributions benefiting the environment. She lives with her family in Washington, D.C.

cover http://img825.imageshack.us/img825/2490/citizensofthesea.jpg