Down To You - M Leighton Bad Boy Series (Book #1)

The scorching tale of one girl, two brothers and a love triangle…that’s not. Olivia Townsend is nothing special. She’s just a girl working her way through college so she can return home to help her father run his business. She’s determined not to be the second woman in his life to abandon him, even if it means putting her own life on hold. To Olivia, it’s clear what she must do. Plain and simple. Black and white. But clear becomes complicated when she meets Cash and Nash Davenport. They’re brothers. Twins. 

Cash is everything she’s always wanted in a guy. He’s a dangerous, sexy bad boy who wants her in his bed at any cost. He turns her insides to mush and, with just one kiss, makes her forget why he’s no good for her. Nash is everything she’s ever needed in a guy. He’s successful, responsible and intensely passionate. But he’s taken. Very taken, by none other than Marissa, Liv’s rich, beautiful cousin. That doesn’t stop Olivia from melting every time he looks at her, though. With just one touch, he makes her forget why they can never be together. 

Black and white turns to shades of gray when Olivia discovers the boys are hiding something, something that should make her run as far and as fast as she can. But it’s too late to run. Olivia’s already involved. And in love. With both of them. Both brothers make her heart tremble. Both brothers set her body on fire. She wants them both. And they want her. How will she ever choose between them?

EPUB AND MOBI FORMAT

Up To Me - M Leighton Bad Boy Series (Book #2)

Happily ever after doesnΓÇÖt come easy. But for love, itΓÇÖs always worth the fight.

Olivia finds bliss unlike any sheΓÇÖs ever known in CashΓÇÖs arms. He sets her skin on fire and melts her heart right inside her chest. Unfortunately, their happily ever after is short-lived when a shadow from CashΓÇÖs past threatens to turn their world upside down.

 Dangerous people from his fatherΓÇÖs world have discovered that Cash holds information that could put them away for a very long time. And theyΓÇÖre willing to do anythingΓÇöand hurt anybodyΓÇöto get it back. Giving it up means Cash must choose between the life of his father and the life of Olivia.

Having nearly overcome her wariness of bad boys, OliviaΓÇÖs trust is shaken when this new threat arises. Now she finds that Cash is not only a danger to her heart, but his family has associations that are a danger to her life as well. She soon discovers that there are some situations in life where trust is a girlΓÇÖs only option. And this is one of them. If sheΓÇÖs to live, she must trust Cash with her life. But to Olivia, thatΓÇÖs much, much easier than letting go and trusting him with her heart.

EPUB AND MOBI FORMAT



****If you Enjoy, support your favourites by purchasing their books!****