This is alternative traffic pack for the Flight1 Ultimate Traffic.


Warning: this traffic is for directX 9 mode!
Warning: you can't use this traffic without F1 license file


File #1. ATP F1UT-2.exe

This package includes:
a) Modules and utilities of Flight1 Ultimate Traffic version 2.09 (UT2),
b) Aircrafts models for FSX and for FS9 (avsim.net, flightsim.com, avsim.su and other authors),
c) Day and night textures (avsim.su, avsim.net and others sources),
d) Schedules of about 1,400 air companies,
e) Lighting effects (A2Ashockwave 3D Lights Redux),
f) Smoke effects for some aircrafts,
g) Changed dynamics files.

Differences of this package from Morten's AI Traffic and other packages developed for the MSFS9:
1. Added models for FSX,
2. Adjusted dynamic and airplane geometry,
3. Added data for gate (if there is support by the scenery),
4. Added light effects and sound,
5. Added night textures for each livery.
6. Airplanes fly by the routes,
7. Updated schedules,

What is the difference between this package from UT2:
1. Unfortunately, some models are made in UT2 too primitive;
2. UT2 has reduced the number of aircraft models (no modification of the model);
3. Many airlines has default livery "Daedalus" in UT2;
4. UT2 uses sounds of default aircrafts;
5. Missing some airlines in Eastern Europe;
6. Deleting schedules in UT2 is difficult, since the base is contained in two files (on the other hand, maybe it has a positive effect);
7. Unfortunately, Flight1 updates cannot be used in my pack. Nevertheless, I will try to update this database regularly.



Installation

Variant 1 (UT 2 has installed before) 
a) Select the option "UT 2 is installed"
b) After the installation you can delete the backup:
-Microsoft Flight Simulator XSimObjectsUT2 Aircraft_before_AUT
-Microsoft Flight Simulator XSceneryWorldScenerytrafficAircraft.bgl_before_AUT
-Microsoft Flight Simulator XFlight One SoftwareUltimate Traffic 2_before_AUT
-APPDATAFlight One SoftwareUltimate Traffic 2_before_AUT
-APPDATAMicrosoftFSX_beforeAUT


Variant 2 (F1UT2 has not been installed before)
a) Mount the image of the UT2 (not included in this pack) and interrupt its installation before copying files
b) Run the installation of an alternative traffic


	

File #2. Voicepack Update-1.exe

This package includes:
a) sounds for traffic from "Flight1 TSS Audio Environment - Airliner Edition (v.1.2)",
b) Voice pack update
Warning: "SOUND_LOD" in "fsx.cfg" will be set to "0". Change it to "1" as you wish.
After the installation you can delete the backup: "Microsoft Flight Simulator XSoundATC_before_AUT"
