****UPDATE****
This is the same torrent as before with the name updated. No other info has changed.


Message from a torrenter:

American Vampire 1-30

1. I did not make, scan or compile the separate images to make the files in this torrent.

2. Files were collected from a number of different locations including other torrents and media sharing sites.

3. Files have only been renamed for consistency and not for the intention of altering the original creators. If you made anyof these files please accept my apologies. Alterations are made without malice nor archival purpose.

4. This is not an attempt at a "complete" collection. It is to serve the purpose of providing an up to date snapshot where a better collection does not exist.		



From Wikipedia

The series imagines vampires as a population made up of many different secret species, and charts moments of vampire evolution and inter-species conflict throughout history. The focus of the series is a new American bloodline of vampires, born in the American West in the late 1800s. The first of this new species is a notorious outlaw named Skinner Sweet, who wakes from death, after being infected, to find he has become a new kind of vampire, something stronger and faster than what came before, impervious to sunlight, with a new set of strengths and weaknesses. The series goes on to track his movements through various decades of American history - along with the movements of his first and only known progeny: Pearl Jones, a young woman working as a struggling actress in the 1920s silent film industry when she is attacked by a coven of European vampires hiding in Hollywood. Sweet saves her (uncharacteristically) by giving her his blood, thereby turning her into an American vampire like him, at which point she seeks revenge on the classic vampires who attacked her in life. The complicated and charged relationship Jones has with Sweet is another focus of the series.

The first five issues featured two stories ΓÇö one by Snyder and the other by Stephen King, both drawn by Rafael Albuquerque.[3][4] As of the sixth issue, Scott Snyder has taken over as sole writer.[5] In its second year of publication, American Vampire spawned a spin-off mini-series titled American Vampire: Survival of the Fittest, drawn by Sean Murphy, which focuses on the case files of the V.M.S., the vampire-hunting organization of the series' mythology.