THIS IS TROM 2.0, the improved version of the first TROM documentary !


You can watch it for free on it's official website : www.tromsite.com






DESCRIPTION : 

Release date : 11.01.2012 / Duration : 13:42:38 / Clips : 37


The TROM documentary is trying to present, in a simplistic way, the world in which we, human beings, live. The world discovered so far, not some idea or personal choice. Moreover we tried to present alternative solutions to current problems and took into account the future, which promises to be more than interesting. An informative documentary, perhaps shocking and disturbing to many, depending on how you digest the information.

The documentary is divided into chapters and sub-chapters due to documentary's excessive length (13 hours). Also all the parts are connected.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------






MORE ABOUT IT :

Think about this: for many years the whole population of the planet has known that we are on a huge sphere, among many other such ''shapes'', in a vast universe. They also know something else: we are part of the same species. So why do we have nationalities, racism, religions and countries; why such artificial barriers?

This shows that people have forgotten one very important thing: how to extract meaning from that data, which is verifiable. It is not enough to know, we need to understand.

TROM (The Reality od Me) is an unique free online documentary, since no one has thought of such a documentary from our knowledge. We want to show, as well as we can, the whole picture, an insight into our world, a perspective from which you must extract meanings in order to understand, and curiosity to progress, because there is a lot of such information we call “scientific”. Moreover, we present alternative and existing solutions to radically improve every one's life.

If you've never questioned your lifestyle and are well adjusted to our current society, you will, more than likely, get a shock, but if you watch the whole documentary you'll understand why.

All chapters and sub-chapters are connected and in order to understand you have to watch the whole documentary, in order.

I hope you understand, because the world around us is far more interesting than any movie, book, story or anything you could conceive.

The documentary is strictly related to it´s main, official, website (tromsite.com) because of it´s excessive length and because of it´s special nature (divided into chapters and sub-chapters so it’s easy to watch and digest it´s subjects). There you can find all the information you need about it, you can contact us, download it, watch it, get involved and much more, all for free. So we strongly recommend that you share this documentary and direct people to the website.

It´s for the benefit of us all.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------


This is the official torrent file for TROM!


Official website : www.tromsite.com