Pandemic

From BBC Radio 4. Written by John Dryden; Full-cast dramatisation.

Episode 1: The Present

Dr Jan Roldanus, a microbiologist and WHO advisor on infectious diseases, arrives in Bangkok to give a keynote lecture at a medical conference. Whilst there, he is invited to observe the local authority's handling of an outbreak of bird flu.

But when a new virulent strain, 'Red Eye', emerges - causing bleeding eyes followed by death - he finds himself trapped in Thailand, unable to fly home to his wife and son. As the virus spreads at a terrifying pace, his investigations lead him to one inescapable and terrible conclusion...

Cast:
Dr Jan Roldanus ..... Ben Daniels
Kanya ...... Sasapin Siriwanij
Dr Ahmai ...... Pawit Mahasarinand
Minister Laksan ...... Danai Thiangdham
Sumi ...... Jaturachai Srichanwanpen

Episode 2: The Future

Diane Harper, a British civil servant, is sent to the Oxfordshire countryside to investigate the suicide of a government scientist.

It is five years after a devastating pandemic that has wiped out half the world's population. Diane's young daughter died during the outbreak and she can't get over it. When she discovers that the dead scientist had been briefing a journalist who has subsequently gone missing, she absconds from her job and embarks on a desperate search for the truth about the origins of the outbreak.

Cast:
Diane ...... Emily Beecham
Mark ...... Keir Charles
Mary ...... Alison Steadman
Father John ...... Ian Hughes
Rebecca ...... Mia Jenkins
Amit ...... Munir Khairdin

Episode 3: The Past

At a climate change conference in Copenhagen, a group of radical eco-warriors, led by Josh, attempt to discredit a right-wing Danish scientist, by luring him into a sex scandal.

When it all goes wrong, Richard Frankel, one of the conspirators, gives up 'direct action' and returns to his life in Leeds as a teacher. But when he discovers his co-conspirator and ex-girlfriend, has given birth to a child - a child he believes could be his - he goes in search of her.

It's a journey that takes him into a dangerous world of environmental espionage and a conspiracy that will have a terrible, cruel and profound impact on the world.

Cast:
Richard ...... Paul Fox
Anna ...... Marene Vanholk
Josh ...... Michael Maloney
Tariq ...... Pushpinder Chani
Anna's mum ....... Louis Jameson
Victor ...... Lars Arentz-Hansen