
Release: King Richard and The Crusaders [Rex Harrison] (1954) DVDRip Oldies
Title: King Richard and The Crusaders
Title in Brazil: Ricardo Coração de Leão 
Uploader: labok
Size: 1,22 GB
Genre: Adventure / History 
Language: English
Runtime: 113 mins
Resolução: 672 x 256
Video Codec: XVID
Subtittles: Spanish
Audio Codec: AC-3
Taxa de Biltrate: 192 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 5,5 (awaiting 289 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047150/
Directed By: David Butler

Starring:  

Rex Harrison ... Emir Hderim Sultan Saladin
Virginia Mayo ... Lady Edith Plantagenet
George Sanders ... King Richard I
Laurence Harvey ... Sir Kenneth of Huntington 
Robert Douglas ... Sir Giles Amaury
Michael Pate ... Conrad, Marquis of Montferrat 
Paula Raymond ... Queen Berengaria
Lester Matthews ... Archbishop of Tyre / Narrator 
Anthony Eustrel ... Baron De Vaux 
Henry Corden ... King Philip of France
Wilton Graff ... Duke Leopold of Austria 
 
Synopis:

In 1191, King Richard the Lionhearted, along with several other European monarchs, is in the Holy Land intent on retaking Jerusalem from the Saracens. There is much infighting and outright treachery in the European encampment encampment however. Two nobles in particular, Sir Giles Amaury and Conrad of Montferrat, want to eliminate the English king and attempt to have him assassinated. Severely wounded and on his death bed, Richard is brought back to health by a Saracen doctor recruited by one of his loyal knights, Sir Kenneth of the Leopard. The king recovers from his wounds but when he hears that Sir Lawrence wishes to marry Lady Edith Plantagenet, the knight is banished only to be taken in by the very doctor who treated the king and who has an altogether different identity.
  
Sinopse Pt Br:

A história do Rei Ricardo Coração de Leão e de como um de seus cavaleiros de honra conseguiu conquistar sua bela prima Edith. Em 1191, o rei da Inglaterra, Ricardo Coração de Leão é o líder das nações cristãs européias na Terceira Cruzada para expulsar os mulçumanos da Terra Santa e recuperar o Santo Sepulcro. Em seu próprio reino, Ricardo tem que lutar com um grupo de conspiradores decididos a derrubá-lo do seu trono. No meio de tudo isso está a fictícia Lady Edith, uma nobre britânica interpretada por Virginia Mayo.  Um clássico do cinema que mostra como eram as cruzadas.  

