SAFE Trailer 2012 - Official movie trailer in HD - starring Jason Statham, Anson Mount and Chris Sarandon - directed by Boaz Yakin - a former and hardened elite agent (Jason Statham) takes on a mission: rescue a Chinese girl who's been abducted by the Triads...

SAFE movie hits theaters on April 27, 2012.

A second-rate cage fighter on the mixed martial arts circuit, Luke Wright blows a rigged fight and the Russian Mafia murders his family and banishes him from his life forever. When he witnesses a frightened twelve-year-old Chinese girl, Mei, being pursued by the same gangsters who killed his wife, Luke impulsively jumps to action...and straight into the heart of a deadly high-stakes war. Mei, he discovers, is no ordinary girl, but an orphaned math prodigy forced to work for the Triads as a "counter." Luke tears a swath through the city's brutal underworld to save an innocent girl's life...and perhaps even redeem his own. Lionsgate and IM Global present in association with Automatik a Lawrence Bender production in association with Trigger Street Productions and 87Eleven, Inc. Safe movie trailer 2012 is presented in full HD 1080p high resolution. 

SAFE 2012 Movie
Written & Directed By: Boaz Yakin
Starring: Jason Statham, Robert John Burke, Chris Sarandon, Anson Mount, James Hong, Reggie Lee, Sándor Técsy, Joseph Sikora, Danny Hoch, Matt O'Toole, Catherine Chan
Produced By: Lawrence Bender, Dana Brunetti

SAFE official movie trailer courtesy Lionsgate.

Cieon Movies is your daily dose of "everything movies", a mainstream channel with wider coverage from G-rated to R-rated movies and includes both theatrical and DVD releases, with an extended selection of officially licensed movie trailers and movie clips.

Tags: "safe trailer" safe trailer 2012 jason statham "jason statham" official hd movie 2011 "safe trailer 2012" "safe trailer 2011" "safe trailer jason statham" "safe trailer jason" "safe trailer statham" "safe trailer official" "safe 2012" "robert john burke" "boaz yakin" "anson mount" "chris sarandon" robert john burke boaz yakin anson mount chris sarandon movies trailers film films today this week month year new "official trailer" "movie trailer" "film trailer" "trailer 2012"