Simon Williams gained his superhuman powers due to chemical and radiation treatments with ionic energy from Baron Zemo, giving him superhuman strength, speed, stamina, durability, agility, and reflexes, and thus became Wonder Man.  While the initial aim of Zemo was to use ionic energy treatments to make Wonder Man at least as strong as the equal of any Avenger, his treatments surpassed his expectations and endowed Wonder Man with strength comparable to that of Thor.  In The Avengers:  Childrens Crusade 3, Captain America describes Wonder Man as having Sentry-level strength.  The treatments from Zemo also grant Wonder Man virtual invulnerability, immortality, and instantaneous reflexes.  Zemo also outfits Wonder Man with a rocket pack in his belt to achieve flight.

Wonder Man is an exceptional hand-to-hand combatant, having received Avengers training in unarmed combat by Captain America.  He has also achieved an advanced degree in electrical engineering, and is a capable industrialist, experienced stuntman, and a talented actor.

Before his death at the hands of the Kree, Wonder Man discovered new abilities of his ionic body, such as changing his size (enabling him to grow taller than his adversary Goliath) and emitting energy from his eyes.  Since his resurrection, Wonder Man has not used these powers.  When the Scarlet Witch resurrected him (during the head writing of Kurt Busiek,) Wonder Man was often seen as being able to transform into a state of pure living ionic energy at will, and back again.

In September, 1984, Wonder Man appeared as a team-member in the four-issue spin-off miniseries, West Coast Avengers (this entire series can be found here:  http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7534777/Avengers_West_Coast .)  After that team disbanded, Wonder Man joined the team, Force Works (this entire series can be found here:  http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7582229 ,) in a series that debuted in July, 1994.  After that team splintered, Wonder Man rejoined The Avengers in, The Avengers  Volume 3, Number 4 (published in May, 1998.)  In March, 2007, Wonder Man co-starred in a new splinter group called, The Mighty Avengers (this entire series can be found here:  http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7582242 .)

Wonder Man starred in a self-titled graphic novel in 1986.  From September, 1991 - February, 1994, he then starred in a 29-issue series (plus a 1992 Annual and a 1993 Annual,) named appropriately enough, Wonder Man.  This was followed by the three-issue mini-series in 2000 entitled, The Avengers Two:  Wonder Man And The Beast.  In 2007, he starred in the five-issue mini-series named, Wonder Man:  My Fair Super Hero.

This torrent contains all 40 issues of this rather interesting super-hero.  There are some interesting stories/villains here; along with some pretty decent graphics; and even some well-known guest stars towards the end.

Enjoy, and please seed.
