Hello.. I see hallucinations and have done a pretty good job of describing them in detail in my journals

Everyone asks, "where do we go after we die". No-one seems to find an answer.. here is the  answer.

The exact location and setting of an individual's next life is not known- it is proprietary. I present a general description of things occur.

  From their perspective. the universe their consciousness is in is erased.  A new universe and Big Bang is created, another world springs forth with Life of different evolution; It reorganizes itself by the same laws as ours; however, Consciousness is drafted to jump into another central nervous system, things are not the same with different bio-logic gates .  Every time a consciousness leaves it's central nervous system this process is repeated; and to each it's own unique Universe. 

Think of the configurations of particles and energy, unlimited possibilities(of Experience) for all these universes thereafter. Though there are patterns for events and happenings in these lifetimes. clearly explained by IT'S boundaries when consciousness is issued a new universe to enter from nothingness.

What is Life? 
A Creation with specialized arrangement of particles and energy in space-time which simulates/creates (a) biological processes which evolve  and become tissues inhabited by consciousness.
(simulating logistics. .. ΓÇª)
  Until finally  cerebral tissues form; destined to be inhabited by  a specific unit of consciousness identified as (pointing finger) "YOU".
Safety features are in place against non-existence of experience as stated above.
(a) An Array
1. chemical interactions
2, physics
3. appearance of "passage of time(here and now)" for consciousness
4. an environment in which biological processes can occur
Why?
Consciousness IS just because

Truly wondrous are the Creations of God ahead of you. The next microscope slide is observed and experienced. The old one is discarded. Your Imprinting, psychology, monies, friends, family, items of value- gone forever.


All that once was does not exist anymore; exchanged for a 
new beginning.
------------------------------------------------
