Fastway - Bad Bad Girls [1990]





01. I've Had Enough  
02. Bad Bad Girls  
03. All Shook Up  
04. Body Rock  
05. Miles Away  
06. She Won't Rock  
07. No Repair  
08. Death Of Me  
09. Cut Loose  
10. Lucky To Lose  
11. Big Beat, No Heart  





320 KBPS

Cover Art





From Wikipedia:




Fastway is a British rock band formed by guitarist, "Fast" Eddie Clarke, formerly of Motörhead, and bassist, Pete Way, formerly of UFO.


In 1983, both players had been disgruntled with their own bands and decided to work together in a new outfit. They recruited drummer Jerry Shirley, formerly of Humble Pie, and the then unknown vocalist Dave King. They took their name from a combination of the founding members' names. However, Way then discovered that he could not escape from his recording contract with Chrysalis Records, and then received a tempting offer to play for Ozzy Osbourne, so abandoned the project. Bringing in session bassist Mick Feat, the band then recorded their debut album, Fastway.

A critical and commercial success, the band toured to promote the album (with Alfie Agius as their session bass player). The band then recruited Charlie McCracken, formerly of Taste, as "permanent" bassist, and released another success in the form of All Fired Up the following year. After the hardships of touring, Shirley and McCracken subsequently left. In 1986 Clarke and King reformed Fastway with a new line-up. Recruiting Shane Carroll (second guitar), Paul Reid (bass), and Alan Connor (drums) from Dave King's first band Stillwood, this line-up released Waiting for the Roar. The record took an album-oriented rock approach instead of the driving bluesy-metal of the previous albums. The success of the record was limited, and it disappointed many fans. In 1986 Fastway was approached to make the soundtrack for the heavy metal horror film, Trick or Treat. The film flopped, but the soundtrack re-established Fastway as a hard hitting metal band. The soundtrack was a moderate success, and stayed on the Billboard Top 200 chart for eleven months. The success of the soundtrack, and the very little money the band received, caused in-fighting and the band disbanded. King took most of the band with him and started Q.E.D., a more AOR styled outfit. They released a two-track single.

King then got a call from David Geffen and Jon Kolodner to come to the United States to head up a heavy metal supergroup called Katmandu. Katmandu also featured Mandy Meyer from Krokus on guitars. The band was rounded out by Cain Carruthers of the punk rock band The Untouchables, and Mike Alonso of the punk band The Meanies. Katmandu released one self titled album and had a couple of minor hits. Dave King now fronts the Irish punk rockers Flogging Molly.

Meanwhile, Clarke decided to restart Fastway again from scratch using vocalist Lea Hart and session men, quickly releasing On Target in the same year, but it sold poorly.

In 1990 this duo released Bad Bad Girls, employing various session musicians including members of Girlschool. It was widely ignored and sold poorly. After calling it a day in 1991, they released a perfunctory live album Say What You Will LIVE (an older recording, curiously with King on vocals). In 1997 Clarke and Hart reunited and released a reworked version of On Target, but there was no commercial success.

On 25 May 2007, Toby Jepson, former lead singer with Little Angels, announced he had accepted an approach from Fastway to perform lead vocal duties during the year's festival appearances. An updated line-up played Sweden Rock Festival, Japanese Hard Rock Hell, and the Download Festival at Castle Donington. Besides guitarist Clarke, and Jepson, the band featured drummer Steve Strange (not the singer Steve Strange) and John McManus (Mama's Boys).

In an interview with Komodo Rock at the Hard Rock Hell Festival in November 2007, Eddie Clark confirmed that he and Toby Jepson would be working on new material. He said "Toby and I are going to sit down and maybe do a few tunes over the winter. See if we can write some tunes." As of 2008, Toby Jepson announced he would go on to front Scottish hard rockers Gun full time.

In late 2010 "Fast" Eddie Clarke returned to the recording studio to record a new album with Toby Jepson, titled "Eat Dog Eat". The album will be released on November 14th, 2011, by SPV/Steamhammer, and it is the first album of entirely new material from Fastway in over twenty years.





