MyLanViewer Network/IP Scanner

MyLanViewer Network/IP Scanner is a powerful Netbios and LAN/Network IP address scanner for Windows, whois and traceroute tool, remote shutdown and Wake On LAN (WOL) manager, wireless network scanner and monitor. This application will help you find all IP addresses, MAC addresses and shared folders of computers on your wired or wireless (Wi-Fi) network. The program scans network and displays your network computers in an easy to read, buddy-list style window that provides the computer name, IP address, MAC address, NIC vendor, OS version, logged users, shared folders and other technical details for each computer. MyLanViewer Network/IP Scanner supports remote shutdown, wake-on-lan, lock workstation, log off, sleep, hibernate, reboot and power off. It is able to monitor IP address and show notifications when the states of some computers change. MyLanViewer Network/IP Scanner can also view and access shared folders, terminate user sessions, disable shared folders, show netstat information and detect rogue DHCP servers. The software can monitor all devices (even hidden) on your subnet, and show notifications when the new devices will be found (for example, to know who is connected to your WiFi router or wireless network). The program easy to install and use, and has a user-friendly and beautiful interface. 

How to see who is connected to your wireless (Wi-Fi) network (router) with MyLanViewer Network/IP Scanner:

Your home wireless network can be used by neighbors or other outsiders without your knowledge. You can enable encryption for your wireless network, but it does not guarantee that your password will not be compromised, even if you are using a WPA2 security. So you need to check who is connected to your wireless network. For such things you can use special programs or a control panel of your Wi-Fi router. 
MyLanViewer Network/IP Scanner will show you all devices from your subnet, even those that are hidden. For these purposes you can use the "Subnet Monitoring" tool from the MyLanViewer. It will show who is connected to your Wi-Fi router.

System requirements:

Windows 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, 7, 2008, 8. 32-bit or 64-bit. Net Framework is not required.

Homepage: http://www.mylanviewer.com/network-ip-scanner.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.