Six books by Bella Andre. 


Authors in Ecstasy
Formats: DOC, HTML, PDF, PRC, MOBI

Candace, a newcomer to writing erotica, is thrilled when Charlie, a veteran of the industry, agrees to be her mentor. But neither of them ever expected that Charlie's lesson plan for how to write erotica - new positions, using toys, varying locations, and role playing - would spiral from verbal instruction into hot, hands-on education.

Unfortunately, Candace's deception about the new romance she's writing - where Charlie plays thestarring role - is about to threaten their one chance at true love.

Candy Store
Formats: DOC, HTML, PDF, PRC, MOBI

On the verge of losing her candy store, Callie Moore decides to blot out her troubles with a tall, dark, handsome stranger. Tobey Danville isn't about to turn down a cute, curvy blonde who offers sizzling-hot sex in a commercial refrigerator at his best friend's wedding reception. But the next day, when Callie discovers that Tobey is the consultant she has hired to save her store, they find it difficult to concentrate on business. Especially when giving and getting pleasure in each other's arms is so much more fun!

Publisher Note: This story was previously available in the Passionate Hearts anthology.


Christmas Cuffs
Formats: DOC, HTML, PDF, PRC, MOBI


Shooting Stars
Formats: DOC, HTML, LIT, PDF, PRC, MOBI

San Francisco, 2004: A bold and sensual woman, Christina wishes the men she took to bed could be more like the warriors of the past: strong, sexy and just a little bit scary.

Scotland, 1320: On the verge of marrying a great warrior, convent-raised Christiania prays for a gentle man to save her from marriage to a man she fears.

A shooting star and a fervent wish for their heart's desire are all it takes for both women's dreams and wildest sexual desires to come true…


Take Me
Formats: DOC, HTML, PDF, PRC, MOBI

Lily Ellis has curves--soft, beautiful curves. The kind of voluptuous body she fears Travis Carson, the man she's always loved from afar, would never crave. But Lily is about to be proven wrong. Her sensual adventure begins when, despite her inhibitions, the demure San Francisco interior decorator agrees to model a plus-size dress for her fashion designer sister. Watching this sensual beauty move down the runway with mesmerizing power, Travis can't believe it's the same Lily he's always known and always rejected. In a whirlwind of electric attraction, Lily is soon moaning Travis's name in his bed, not just in her wild fantasies. But Lily is all too aware that she's nothing like his past lovers . . . and now that she has him close at last, she's praying Travis likes what he sees and feels. Determined to beat Travis at his own game by guarding her true feelings of love and lust, she spontaneously partners with him on a business deal that takes them all the way to Italy. In the seductive warmth of the Tuscan sun, Lily is about to unwrap her real self, and play a game of desire with the hot-blooded Travis. Will she be burned by an ecstasy that's so all-consuming it has her seeing stars? Or will Travis open his heart to the sexy, exciting, and lasting love she has to offer?


Tempt Me, Taste Me, Touch Me
Formats: DOC, HTML, PDF, PRC, MOBI

Tempt Me
Carrie can't explain why she turned down a marriage proposal from Mr. Perfect. But a chance encounter with a rugged winemaker who works the earth unleashes something wild in her. His raw, hungry power has her intoxicated with desire -- and she knows it's useless to resist. . . .

Taste Me
After voluptuous Rose is left by her boyfriend for a thinner woman, she's in for a sensual shock when she falls for a chef who can't get enough of her luscious curves. One taste of his lovemaking will never be enough. . . .

Touch Me
Vanessa is used to loving and leaving her men. And the man she wants now is an intense artist who has her modeling nude amid the Napa vineyards. But this time, he's the one playing hard to get -- and their heated game of "look but don't touch" will soon have Vanessa begging for release. . . .

Enjoy!