Vanity 6 is the self-titled debut studio album by the R&B girl group Vanity 6 that had been created by Prince as an outlet for his prolific song writing. All three women in the group (Vanity, Brenda Bennett, Susan Moonsie) shared lead and background vocals.

As was typical for Prince's side projects, he obscured his virtually complete responsibility for the production, songwriting, and instrumental performances by arbitrarily attributing the credits to other members of his musical stable or the fictional "The Starr Company". "If a Girl Answers (Don't Hang Up)" was co-written with The Time member Terry Lewis and "Bite the Beat" was co-written with Jesse Johnson. "He's So Dull" was written by Dez Dickerson and can be heard briefly in in the 1983 film National Lampoon's Vacation.[4] The "other woman" rap on the song "If a Girl Answers (Don't Hang Up)" is performed by Prince in an affected voice whose resemblance to that of The Time's lead singer Morris Day has sometimes led to Day being misidentified as the performer.[4]

The album was originally released on August 11, 1982[5] by Warner Bros. Records on LP and cassette. A compact disc was issued in 1988. All three formats are now out of print. Vinyl copies of the album were pressed with "Side 1" and "Side 6" on the label.

Reviewing the album in The Village Voice, Robert Christgau wrote, "All eight of these dumb, dancy little synth tunes get me off when I let my guard down, and most of them are funny, hooky, and raunchy at the same time."[6]

This would be the only album released by Vanity 6.


1. 	"Nasty Girl"   
2. 	"Wet Dream"   	
3. 	"Drive Me Wild"   
4. 	"He's So Dull"   
5. 	"If a Girl Answers (Don't Hang Up)
6. 	"Make-Up"   	
7. 	"Bite the Beat"
8. 	"3 X 2 = 6"   	

Bonus Tracks

Nasty Girl (Edit Version)
Nasty Girl (Hot Tracks Extended Remix)
Nasty Girl (Wicked Remix)
Nasty Girl (Feat,Beyonce) (Naughty Girl/Nasty Girl 2004)(Mix)

Drive Me Wild (Remix)
Drive Me Wild (Extended Remix)

He's So Dull (Extended Version)

Make Up (Live)

Vibrator (Unreleased)
Vibrator (Skit Unreleased)

Prince G-Spot (Feat,Vanity 6) (Unreleased Demo)

Wet Dream Cousin (Unreleased Demo Instrumental)

3x2=6 (Edit Version)

Sex Shooter (Unreleased Demo)





