The FlightGear development team is happy to announce the v2.8.0 release of FlightGear, the free, open-source flight simulator. This new version contains many exciting new features, enhancements and bugfixes. Major improvements from v2.6.0 include improved AI aircraft, up to date with all the recent JSBSim flight dynamics model improvements, support for region specific textures, better random 3d buildings, better random object placement, 3d airport signage, in-sim toggling between summer and winter texture sets. The core FlightGear code now supports a flexible 2d rendering system which can be used to accurately model glass cockpit displays and other complex instrumentation. There are many new and improved aircraft to explore. A new automated system is now available for scenery submissions that automatically get rolled into the scenery distribution to be enjoyed by everyone. Version 2.8 has improved atmospheric light scatter modeling, better terrain haze, and improved 3d clouds.

A very exciting new addition is "Project Rembrandt". This is still considered "experiemental" and not enabled by default. But when you turn it on you will get real-time shadows, support for multiple light sources (landing lights, instrument lights, directional ground spotlights, even the rotating beacons illuminate the surrounding correctly.) In addition, Project Rembrandt offers a variety of other visual effects such as night vision, film grain effects, depth of field effects, lens (i.e. fisheye) distortion - all in real time.

Founded in 1997, FlightGear celebrated the 15th anniversary of it's first official release in July. FlightGear is developed by a worldwide group of volunteers, brought together by a shared ambition to create the most realistic flight simulator possible that is free to use, modify and distribute. FlightGear is used all over the world by desktop flight simulator enthusiasts, for University research and education, for a variety of aerospace engineering and visualization work in industry, and even for interactive exhibits in museums.

FlightGear features more than 400 aircraft, a worldwide seamless scenery database, a worldwide multi-player environment, detailed sky modelling, a flexible and open aircraft modelling system, varied networking options, multiple display support, a powerful scripting language, and an open architecture. Best of all, being open-source, the simulator is owned by the community and everyone is encouraged to contribute.
 
http://www.flightgear.org

FlightGear - Fly Free!