
Key Feature

    * Windows VISTA supported well 
      Bluefox Video Converter was developed with standard C++ and windows API, and tested strictly under windows VISTA. So Bluefox Video Converter runs perfectly under windows 98/2000/XP/VISTA.
    * Perfect solution of 16:9 <-> 4:3 video convert 
      When convert video between different video scale, it comes up a problem of how to deal with the video size. Bluefox Video Converter offer a perfect solution of convert video between different video scale whether wide screen 16:9 to normal screen 4:3 or 4:3 to 16:9. You were offered 7 options for choosing. And no matter WMV to MPEG, AVI to MPEG, AVI to WMV etc.
    * Excellent output quality by parameters optimized
      If you are a green apple, you can use the default settings which were optimized to get excellent output quality. As an experienced user, you can set the advanced settings by yourself like video size, bit rate, frame rate, etc.
    * Perfect support H.264 format 
      Bluefox Video Converter can convert video of H.264 format to your mobile phone, Sony PSP, video iPod, iPod touch, Zune video player with ease.
    * Concise and friendly interface
      With more concise and friendly interface, converting your video files is just a button click away.
    * Rational profile 
      Bluefox Video Converter offer rational profiles (AVI, WMV. MPEG. iPod, PSP etc.) this can make you reach the target that you wants easily.
    * High Definition supported.

Systerm Requirement
OS Supported: 	 Microsoft Windows 98/ME/NT4/2000/2003/XP, Windows Vista 
CPU: 	 350MHz  or above
RAM: 	 64 MB  or above
Main Functions

   1. Convert video between popular video formats 
      Input video format supported: almost all popular video file format
      Output video format supported: AVI, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV, MP4, 3GP, ASF etc.
   2. Video Screen Crop/Pan 
      Bluefox video converter provide a perfect conversion scheme to convert between different video aspect such as 16:9 and 4:3 video, whatever WMV to AVI or AVI to MPEG etc.
   3. Batch conversion 
      you can enactment every conversion task flexibly, and the task can be saved and load;
   4. User-adjustable codec parameter setting 
      All of the video codec parameters is optimized and predigested, the default setting can do good job, and you also can set them flexibly to get excellent quality WMV/AVI/MPEG video files.
   5. Output parameters configuration 
      Output files can be renamed(without extension file name WMV/AVI/MPEG etc.) and the output path can be easily modified(absolute path).
   6. View the information of the original files 
      You can view the detail information about video codec, video bit rate, frame rate, audio codec, audio bit rate, sample rate etc. of a video file with all file format(WMV, AVI, MPEG, MP4, MOV etc.)
   7. Play video files for preview 
      You can play video files to be converted in the list for the purpose of preview. And the play function support most video format such as WMV, AVI, MPEG, MP4, MOV etc.



Help Seed, Share And Enjoy...