Genre: Debate
Duration:  1 hr 25 min 16 sec
Data Rate: 1016 kbps (ave)
Video Info: 640 x 272 25000 fps
Aspect Ratio: 16:9 (TV) 13 Bits/Pixel
Audio Info: 44100 Hz, 128.0 kbps, stereo
Video Format: Codec: DX50 Name: DivX 5.x/6.x
Language: English
Subtitles: No
Studio: American Vision

On February 26, 2002, nearly 2,500 people packed the auditorium at Biola University to watch the much-publicized debate, "The Great Tribulation: Past or Future?" between Gary DeMar and Thomas Ice. Each man is an acknowledged authority on his respective view of the end times. Thomas Ice is an ardent dispensationalist and co-author of several books with Tim LaHaye, author of The Left behind series. He also is a co-founder with LaHaye of the Pre-Trib Rapture Center, and is one of the editors of Tim LaHaye's Prophecy Study Bible. Gary DeMar is a prolific writer, Gary has authored over twenty books covering a full range of topics: Gary has been interviewed by Time magazine, CNN, MSNBC, FOX, the BBC, and Sean Hannity. He has done numerous radio and television interviews, including the "Bible Answer Man," hosted by Hank Hanegraaff. Until now, no one of high visibility and with the educational credentials has challenged the end-times speculations of popular dispensationalist teachings like the ones that come forth from Tim LaHaye, Hal Lindsey, Jack Van Impe, Thomas Ice, and others. 

This debate (The Great Tribulation: Past or Future?) between Thomas Ice (futurist) and Gary DeMar (preterist) took place during the 2006 American Vision Worldview Conference. Thomas Ice made this challenge just a few weeks after writing an article which referenced Tim Martin and Beyond Creation Science (2005). This public event shows how futurist/young earth writers will use their global flood views against preterism.

Thomas Ice raised the issue of the inconsistency between preterism and young-earth creationist beliefs a couple of times during the debate. His challenge came during his closing statement:

“What [young-earth] creationism teaches us is that the God of the Bible intervenes on a global scale. The apostle Peter clearly reminds us that just as God intervened globally at the flood, he will intervene globally at the Second Coming. Sadly, DeMar’s naturalistic approach to eschatology does not fit the biblical paradigm of divine intervention on a global scale. This is a matter of consistency. If one holds to a supernatural view of past history then one ought to hold to a supernatural view of future history as I have presented here tonight… When one interprets the Olivet Discourse naturally, as Christ intended, it results in the realization that the Great Tribulation is future to our day… On the other hand, if you agree with Gary that it is a past event, then you stand the meaning of Christ’s teaching on its head based upon “this generation.” Here’s my challenge, Gary. Either adopt an old-earth, local-flood view of Genesis that fits with your preterist eschatology or adopt a supernatural futurist view of eschatology that fits with a young-earth global-flood view, thank you.” 

    - Dr. Thomas Ice, Executive Director, Pretrib Research Center  
 
http://beyondcreationscience.com/index.php?pr=Ice_Challenges_DeMar