
  Mogwai - A Wrenched Virile Lore (2012) [FLAC]

  Released: 2012
  Genre: Pop/Rock
  Style: Post-Rock
  Codec: FLAC
  Bit Rate: ~ 900 kbps
  Bits Per Sample: 16
  Sample Rate: 44,100 Hz
  Cover: Front

  01 George Square Thatcher Death Party (Justin K Broadrick Reshape)
  02 Rano Pano (Klad Hest ΓÇô Mogwai Is My Dick RMX)
  03 White Noise (EVP Mix by Cylob)
  04 How To Be A Werewolf (Xander Harris Remix)
  05 Letters To The Metro (Zombi Remix)
  06 Mexican Grand Prix (reworked by RM Hubbert)
  07 Rano Pano (Tim Hecker Remix)
  08 San Pedro (The Soft Moon Remix)
  09 Too Raging To Cheers (Umberto Remix)
  10 La Mort Blanche (Robert Hampson Remix)

The cosmic post-rock band Mogwai were formed in Glasgow, Scotland, in 1996 by guitarist/vocalist Stuart Braithwaite, guitarist Dominic Aitchison, and drummer Martin Bulloch, longtime friends with the goal of creating "serious guitar music." Toward that end they added another guitarist, John Cummings, before debuting in March 1996 with the single "Tuner," a rarity in the Mogwai discography for its prominent vocals; the follow-up, a split single with Dweeb titled "Angels vs. Aliens," landed in the Top Ten on the British indie charts. Following appearances on a series of compilations, Mogwai returned later in the year with the 7" "Summer"; after another early-1997 single, "New Paths to Helicon," they issued Ten Rapid, a collection of their earliest material.

After Government Commissions: BBC Sessions 1996-2004 arrived Mr. Beast, which was released in 2006, found the band going in a softer, more reflective direction. Late that year, the band's collaboration with Clint Mansell on the soundtrack to The Fountain arrived; Mogwai also crafted the score for Douglas Gordon's Zidane: A 21st Century Portrait, which was released in the U.K. in 2006 and in the U.S. the following spring. The Batcat EP, which featured a collaboration with garage-psych legend Roky Erickson, arrived in late summer 2008, heralding the release of The Hawk Is Howling -- which reunited the band with producer Andy Miller for the first time in a decade -- that fall. In 2010, Mogwai released their first live album, Special Moves, as a package with the Vincent Moon-directed concert film Burning. For 2011's Hardcore Will Never Die, But You Will, the band reunited with Young Team producer Paul Savage for a more streamlined set of songs. Later that year, Mogwai followed up with an EP of unreleased material from the Hardcore sessions, Earth Division, released on Sub Pop.