Book Description

Ubuntu brings Linux to the masses, but it can still be intimidating for newbies, neophytes, and geeks-in-training. With Ubuntu Made Easy by your side you’ll be ready to face any challenge, and you’ll discover just how fun Linux can be.

Packed with tips, tricks, and helpful pointers, Ubuntu Made Easy will get you up and running with the world’s most popular free operating system. Authors Rickford Grant and Phil Bull walk you through common tasks like installing and playing games, accessing your favorite social networks, troubleshooting hardware and software problems, interacting with your Windows installation, and more.

With the help of the book’s straightforward explanations and step-by-step projects, you’ll also learn how to:

Set up printers, scanners, USB flash drives, and other hardware
Install and play free games like Frets on Fire and Frozen Bubble as well as commercial hits like Braid and World of Goo
Watch DVDs, listen to music, and sync your mobile devices
Edit and share digital photos and videos
Create documents, spreadsheets, and presentations
Work with the command line (or avoid it altogether!)

Table of Contents
Chapter 1. Becoming a Penguinista
Chapter 2. Wading and Diving
Chapter 3. A New Place to Call Home
Chapter 4. More Than Webbed Feet
Chapter 5. Slipping and Sliding
Chapter 6. Rounding Out the Bird
Chapter 7. A Tidy Nest
Chapter 8. Simple Kitten Ways
Chapter 9. Dressing Up the Bird
Chapter 10. Gutenbird
Chapter 11. Polyglot Penguins
Chapter 12. Penguins at Work
Chapter 13. Right-Brain Penguins
Chapter 14. Tux Rocks
Chapter 15. Pluggin’ In the Penguin
Chapter 16. Couch Penguins
Chapter 17. Feathered Flippers
Chapter 18. Sweet Home Antarctica
Chapter 19. Penguins at the Gates
Chapter 20. Defending the Nest
Chapter 21. A Colony of Penguins
Chapter 22. Wounded Wings

Appendix A. Installing Ubuntu from a USB Flash Drive
Appendix B. Ubuntu Desktop 64-Bit Discs
Appendix C. Manually Partitioning Your Hard Disk
Appendix D. Resources
Appendix E. About the CD
Book Details

Paperback: 480 pages
Publisher: No Starch Press; 5th Edition (July 2012)
Language: English 