
  The Promise Ring - Discography (1996-2002) [FLAC]

  Albums:
  
  1996 - 30 Degrees Everywhere
  1997 - The Horse Latitudes 
  1997 - Nothing Feels Good
  1999 - Very Emergency 
  2002 - Wood/Water

  EP's: 

  1998 - Boys + Girls
  2000 - Electric Pink

  The Promise Ring were one of the most popular emo bands of the '90s, epitomizing the poppier, more accessible wing of the style. Along with Sunny Day Real Estate, the Get Up Kids, Braid, and Jimmy Eat World, they helped bring emo from the punk underground to a wider indie rock audience in the latter half of the decade.  Different parts of their fan base often disagreed about which phase was their best, but their debut 30 Degrees Everywhere is usually cited as one of the best emo albums of its era.
 
  It quickly became an underground sensation, and started to earn the band some attention from indie rock publications.  They re-entered the studio and recorded their proper sophomore effort, the slightly poppier Nothing Feels Good, which was released later in 1997. Nothing Feels Good expanded The Promise Ring's indie following by leaps and bounds, and received generally good reviews. 

  The Promise Ring issued a quick three-song EP, Boys + Girls, in 1998, before finally completing their third proper album, Very Emergency, in 1999. Very Emergency concentrated on the pop side of their punk-pop formula to a greater degree than ever before, and while it was the subject of a backlash among their earlier fans, it continued to build their indie audience and earned some airplay on college radio. 
 
  The Promise Ring severed ties with Jade Tree in 2001 and signed with Epitaph subsidiary Anti. The following year, they issued their fourth album, Wood/Water, a drastic change of pace whose introspective tone and shimmering atmosphere were indebted to the more recent roots-pop efforts of Wilco. Though their reinvention was generally a critically successful one, The Promise Ring elected to disband in October 2002.