Classroom Spy Professional Edition v3.9.2 Full + Key - The Classroom Spy is designed for remote control and administration of the PC, you can view the image on the screen of remote computers in real time. Several tools allow you to control the mouse and keyboard, turn off, restart, run the “sleep mode” on remote computers with just one click.

 Top Features:
 What is it useful for...?

 For monitoring and recording your students activities on a remote computers
 For preventing internet browsing on remote computers
 For starting and stopping applications and processes on remote computers.
 For monitoring students in the classroom to achieve better discipline or, just to assist them when they are in trouble (by using the remote control feature).
 For administrating all computers just from one location – your computer.
 For presenting your screen to students.
 For locking students computers while they are waiting for further instructions or assignments.
 Helping your students by showing your desktop to them.
 Turning off, restarting, …. remote computers with one click.
 What are the major benefits of using Classroom Spy Professional?
 Installation and use of the application is very easy since all of the functions can be accessed with a few mouse clicks.
 You have complete control over what remote users are doing.
 This application provides you with a live picture of the remote computer screens. The live screen (due to some optimizations) does not use a high bandwidth, but even when the lower network bandwidth is required the refresh interval can be enlarged using one mouse click.
 You can make the presentation by showing your live screen to students
 Application allows you to take over the remote computer by controlling its mouse and keyboard.
 The remote computers? screens are represented in the table with a customizable number of rows as thumbnails.
 Using this application, you can always see which user is actually logged on to the remote computer.
 Schedule remote computers desktop recording to AVI files
 Execute several actions on all remote computers with on click
 Block internet access

 Main Features:

 Displaying a live picture of a remote computer.
 You can take control of a remote computer by controlling its mouse and keyboard.
 More remote screens can be displayed in a table.
 Computers can be organized in computer groups (e.g. classrooms)
 A remote screen can be zoomed to an actual size.
 The name of the connected user is displayed.
 Record remote computers screens to AVI files.
 Show your desktop to students
 Power off, restart, hibernate, suspend remote computers
 Log off desktop users
 Lock workstation
 Control screensaver
 Block internet
 Multi monitor support
 Control over running processes
 You can lock selected remote computers
 You can display a message on selected remote computers.
 When lower bandwidth is required, the refresh interval can be enlarged.
 Automatic connection to a remote computer is optional.
 Settings for the agent are encrypted and password protected.
 Connection to a remote computer is password protected.
 Access to monitoring the console is password protected. If more users use the same computer, different profiles and access passwords can be set.
 More monitoring consoles can be connected to the same remote computer – you can monitor your students from different locations.
 Application can optionally use encrypted communication.
 Agent can be remotely installed.
 Fast users switching is supported.

