Among all the various varieties of the dictionaries a digital dictionary is usually the most frequently-consulted category. It is mainly meant for those who have no time to wade through voluminous dictionaries and bulky encyclopedias. By using digital edition of dictionary, user can discover the meaning of the needed word in the shortest possible time with maximum satisfaction. In the modern era of speed and hurry the digital dictionary has thus assumed the shape of a wonderful tool indispensable for all those concerned with the use of language one way or the other.

Cleantouch is the oldest and the most reputed name in providing English & Urdu dictionaries. After success of last 6 editions of dictionary, this seventh edition is being introduced with addition of 33,000+ new English words & its meaning. Both 70,000+ English to Urdu and 80,000+ Urdu to English meanings have been presented in a simple language and straightforward style so that even the average reader encounters no difficulty in understanding the right meanings. ItΓÇÖs a unique dictionary based on latest Unicode technology, developed using power of Microsoft .NET platform. It has a simple and user friendly interface. It supports wildcard search & all the keyboard accessibility features of Microsoft Windows (e.g. On-Screen Keyboard & Customizing Keyboard Layout ETC). Customization section let you configure functionalities, fonts & themes. It can be installed on various Windows versions including Windows 7, Vista & XP even on low end systems.

As such it is especially valuable for all those studying in institutions, working in office or living in environments where frequent switching over from English to Urdu and vise verse is a common phenomenon. By virtue of its precision and brevity this dictionary is a source of great help for all shades and grades of the general users, be businessmen and other who are confronted with a skilful manipulation of words in their daily dealings.


Tested And Working...
Scanned (With Kaspersky) And 100% Clean.

