A. Blu-ray Disc playback

Bring the cinema home.

Play back your favorite Blu-ray Disc movies and home videos burned to Blu-ray Disc in razor-sharp clarity with cinema quality DTS and Dolby Digital Surround right on your PC.



B. Wi-Fi and USB Sync

Ultimate syncing for AndroidΓäó Smartphones and tablets.

Nero Kwik Mobile Sync lets you wirelessly or USB sync music, photos, and videos between your PC and Android devices. Optimize your content on the fly with just one click and you can start enjoying anything from your favorite iTunes playlists to downloaded movies. Hassle-free automatic device detection lets you choose from a huge list of compatible devices to which you can move music, photos and videos.

C. Integrated Nero MediaBrowser

One-stop access from media library to your project.

watch videoWatch
Video The all-new Nero MediaBrowser gives you a jump start on projects. From most projects you can access your library of music, photos and videos with just one click. Drag-and-drop photos, videos or music files from Nero Kwik Media library into your project for a seamless integrated experience.



D. Convert DVD-Video* and video files

Multiple video filesΓÇöno problem.

watch videoWatch
Video From videos on your mobile phone to DVD movies, every device seems to require a different playback format. Nero 11 provides advanced video transcoding that converts virtually any DVD-Video or video file to any video format for playback on any device so you can seamlessly watch your favorite videos anywhere or any place.

Nero Recode supports the following decoding file formats: 3GP, AIFF, AMR, APE, ASF, AVI, FLAC, M2TS, MKV, MOV, MP3, MP3HD,
MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4, OGG Vorbis, TOD, TRP, VOB, WAVE, WMA, WMV

Nero Recode supports the following encoding file formats: 3GP, AVI, AIFF, APE, FLAC, FLV, MKV, MP3, MP3HD, MPEG-4, OGG, Vorbis, MPEG-2, HD-AAC, WAVE, WMA, WMV
* Non-copy protected DVD-Video


E. Easy and Advanced Video Editing Modes

Go from Easy to Advanced with a click.

Get amazing creative results no matter what level of video editing experience you have. Easily switch from Express Editing Storyboard to advanced multi-track editing with just one click, and seamlessly hand over the same project within the same window. Go from quick and easy template effects to multi-track editing, keyframe controls within the same video editing screen, amazing Picture-in-Picture effect overlay templates and more. Ramped up to give you the best output, your home video projects will impress your friends and family like never before.


D. Many more......



Installation

1. Clean install using serial key..