Angry Birds Seasons 2.3.0 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$4.99
Category: Games
Updated: Apr 13, 2012
Version: 2.3.0
Size: 60.5 MB
Language: English
Seller: Rovio Mobile
© Rovio Entertainment Ltd
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6.6 or later

Description

Angry Birds Seasons takes the captivating gameplay of the original to a whole new level! From Halloween to Chinese New Year, the birds are celebrating different festive seasons around the world! With more than 260 levels and regular free updates, these special episodes offer more challenging levels of pig-popping action and golden eggs to discover.

"All the fun of Angry Birds, but more challenging, and with pumpkins and presents." – Slide to Play

"More of the great Angry Birds gameplay you’ve come to know. Well designed and incredibly challenging levels." -- Gamezebo

"A hauntingly good extension of the original, Angry Birds Halloween delivers more of the same entertaining physics puzzle play." -- Pocket Gamer

"So, if you’re an avid bird-slinger, this purchase just makes too much sense to put off. It’s the best, most season-appropriate way to stay on top of all the action, and the price is oh-so-low." -- App Chronicles

With more than 700 million downloads, Angry Birds is the most popular mobile game of all time. Join the global phenomenon!

Become a fan of Angry Birds on Facebook: 
http://facebook.angrybirds.com

Follow us on Twitter: 
http://twitter.angrybirds.com

Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eula
Privacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacy

What's New in Version 2.3.0

Spring is finally here, and the Angry Birds are celebrating with a trip to Japan for the Cherry Blossom Festival! Surrounded by beautiful cherry blossoms, it's a perfect time for a picnic lunch with friends and family. But the pigs are trying to have a picnic of their own -- with eggs! Can the Angry Birds save the day?

Puzzle through fifteen head-scratching new levels!

Enjoy the beautiful scenery in the shadow of Mt. Fuji!

Uncover two intriguing bonus levels!