                            GiliSoft Video Recorder 3.3

Hard to explain to someone how to do something on a computer? Show him/her a screen demo video, or share your screen with him/her remotely.
How to save a favorite flash streaming video to hard disk? The simplest way is to record the video off the screen just like a camcorder shooting screen.
Wanna to make your own game movies? Wanna to share your cool game play with your friends? The unique game recording feature makes it easy.
GiliSoft Video Recorder is a screen recording software for Windows. It captures what you see on screen and what you hear/say simultaneously, and saves them as compressed video file in real-time. It is usually used to create software demos, capture streaming videos and record game plays. 

Features and Benefits:

•Multiple recording mode and game recording
Options to capture selected view, entire desktop or game screen.
1) Full Screen Recording Mode.
2) Windows Recording Mode.
3) Region Recording Mode.
4) Support of PC games based on DirectX and OpenGL.


•Customizable audio/video quality
1) High performance screen capture driver for legacy PC.
2) Fast real-time audio/video compression.
3) Good audio/video synchronization.
4) Options to capture from speakers, microphone or external lines.
5) Option to mute capture.
6) FLV recording files.
7) Option to capture mouse cursor or not.

•BMP screenshot files.
Capture a screen shot of your desktop or an active window to an image in Windows.

•Splitting video file automatically
1) Splitting file by time.
2) Splitting file by size.

•Easy to use
1) Easy to start/stop recording with a single mouse-click/hotkey-hit.
2) Show recording indicator or frame rate in game.
3) Customizable hotkeys.

•Hardware Compatible
Fully support Intel® Pentium D Dual-Core Processor and AMD Athlon™ 64X2 Dual-CoreProcessor;

•System Compatible
XP/Vista/Windows 7 (32&64)

Installation:

-  Next open the rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

-  Run the setup file.

- Copy the Crack to Installation dir.

                 . That's it. Enjoy it!!!