
POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 21 - Parallel Dimensions  UFOs  Power Of Blood




POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh. I am told that there are 11 different dimensions needed for The Creator to do his thing. Passing from one Dimension to the other is a mere thought for the Holy Ones. What that means is, they can move around the Universe as fast as they can think about it. This is what Faith is about. Believing something with all your Heart and Soul without having a shred of Four Dimensional evidence. (Evidence as we know of within this reality) There is another form of Evidence out there that secular man cannot understand or measure. It comes from outside this cursed dimension that us Pilgrims are stranded on or in. The real world, the eternal HOLY Spirit World, the world along side the Father, Son and Holy Spirit is The Real Reality that I seek. THERE IS NO WAY FOR ME TO ATTAIN THAT!!! I am a Journeyman Sinner and my salvation is only possible through My Repentance of Sin AND the Grace, the Mercy and The Spilled Blood of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. PEACE TO ALL. Time is Short brethren, save as many as you can. The time of "NO SECOND CHANCE" draws near for ALL EARTH DWELLERS.  

Description:

Parallel Dimensions  Power of Blood - Rev Jim Wilhemsen:
Parallel Dimensions A 21st Century Gospel.  From the author of "Beyond Science-Fiction", Rev. Jim Wilhelmsen about Parallel Dimensions, Time, Space, Eternity, the Power of Blood, the Garden of Eden, the Tower of Babel, Stargates, genetic engineering, UFOs, Aliens, Fallen Angels, Angels, God's Kingdom and the Bible.

Stories like Creation, the Garden of Eden, the Tower of Babel have been presented with child like imagery. But what does the original language tell us from a 21st century perspective? You will be amazed to the clarity and logic of re-discovering the scriptures beyond fairy tale like stories. There is a reality that exists with logic to these stories never before understood.

Blood is associated with changes made because of Eden. This ties into parallel dimensions but first we need to see the myths and legends about blood which leads us to the study of Vampires.


                                          

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
