D16 Group Audio Software LuSH-101 v1.0.0 FIXED R2
R2R | 20.10.2012 | 66.9 MB

LuSH-101 is a synthesizer created from modules that can be found in many modern virtual synthesizers, all combined into a single compact and logically intuitive design. However, this basic simplicity combined with its multilayer architecture turns it into an easy-to-use but extremely powerful instrument that can be programmed and tweaked quickly, almost effortlessly leveraging its maximum potential.

The multilayer architecture guarantees that both the sound design possibilities and number of unique situations in which LuSH-101 can be used are virtually limitless. Layered sounds can be created simply by assigning the layers to the same MIDI channel; the results can sound as massive as anything imaginable! Assigning the layers to different keyboard zones allows you to create even the most sophisticated splits. Of course, you can always assign the various layers to different MIDI channels for 8-part multitimbral usage. And, virtually any combination of splits, layers, and multitimbrality is possible with just a single instance of LuSH. With each layer working as an independent synthesizer with its own polyphony, parameters, enhanced arpeggiator, and a palette of only the finest insert effects, LuSH-101 can push your creativity to unprecedented levels!

Want to express yourself even more? In addition to a very sophisticated MIDI-learn implementation, an advanced modulation matrix is built into each layer. Even the Arpeggiator's MIDI output can be used as a modulation source, unleashing your creativity to build complex sequences and progressions.

LuSH also comes complete with a powerful built in mixer, complete with layer-independent parametric equalizers and compressors. Three send effects in superb quality allow you to put the finishing touches on the final output.

LuSH plays perfectly in any genre. For funkier styles, the Gate may be used instead of the VCA for instant staccato sounds full of energy and rhythmic pep. When creating Ambient or Chillout, longer attack and release times along with the smooth, rich spaciousness of the built-in reverb are enough to satisfy even the most ardent purists. Is Dubstep or Drum & Bass more your thing? No problem! Filters modulated by the LFOs and envelopes in conjunction with Unison mode can lead to the sickest, nastiest, and most novel vibrationsΓÇöyour sound system won't know what hit it (and you won't, either), so watch out! No matter what you want to play or how you want to use it, LuSH will get the job done. 


System requirements

OS:  Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7
CPU:  2.8 Ghz with SSE (i7 based 3.7 GHz recommended)
RAM:  1 GB (1.5 GB recommended)
Soft: VST host (32bit or 64bit)
It's not a standalone program so you need a host application to use it.


INSTALLATION


ΓÇó You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

ΓÇó Install.

         ΓÇó  That's it! Done.


                       3Nj0Y!!!