Las Vegas has to be one of the strangest cities in the USA. Located in the middle of a desert it is one huge sea of low houses with a wild collection of strange high rise in one strip of land in the center. That’s where the money is made in Las Vegas, that’s where the hotels and casinos are.
US Cities - Las Vegas is more than just this city. Some of the famous areas around the city are included, such as the Grand Canyon and Area 51 where the US government parked its collection of alien space craft. There is a lot to explore in this superb VFR scenery that has perhaps the best value for money for any FSX add-on. Check out the screenshots and you will see.
US Cities X is a series of city scenery for FSX that covers US cities created by LimeSim. Based on an extensive aerial image it will have all the major buildings and landmarks plus all the airports and heliports that are inside the covered areas. It is clearly intended to fill the gap between the default scenery and very high dense city scenery such as Manhattan X, London VFR or Venice X.
Features:
 Aerial image coverage (see Google Earth file below)
 More than 3,930 major buildings included
 Billboards and customized palm trees along "The Strip"
 Semi detailed scenery of "Area 51"
 High resolution mesh terrain that also includes the Grand Canyon (you don`t know what you missed!)
 Major airports in and around the city are covered with new high res ground images with customized mesh terrain (no new building structures added)
 McCarran International
 North Las Vegas (including new east apron)
 Henderson Executive
 Boulder City Municipal (including new apron layout)
 Nellis AFB
 Indian Springs AF Aux
 Desert Rock
 Yucca Runway (rather new secret runway not reported in official notams)
 Yucca Airstrip near the runway on a salt lake
 Echo Bay
 Perkins
 Enhanced terrain of Yucca valley and all the surrounding salt lakes based on Landsat imagery
 Las Vegas Speedway Heliport
 Sound effects like downtown- and highway traffic
 Traffic on most major roads
 Low price, very good value for money
 Includes a separate Scenery Density tool
 Night textures now included!
View aerial coverage >> Download KMZ-file <<
Google Earth is required for viewing this file. Download it for free here: http://earth.google.com/
System requirements:Microsoft Flight Simulator X (SP2, Acceleration Pack or Gold Edition)
 
 Windows XP, Windows VISTA, Windows 7 (fully updated)
 Intel Core 2 Duo E6850 CPU (Core 2 Quad advised)
 2 GB RAM
 Direct X 9 compatible Graphics Card with minimal 512 MB
 Adobe Acrobat Reader 8 minimal to read and print the manual