Professional BODYBUILDER Helpless! Her HUGE clit captured and bound, made to cum over and over! | Ashley Starr | Matt Williams
            
October 26, 2012


MP4 only.


Welcome professional bodybuilder Ashley Starr to Sexually 
Broken. This muscle bound beautiful girl has huge nipples and 
a monsterous clit. Wait to you see her deep throat, you will 
be a fan.

For her first scene we were not going to take any chances, we 
secure her spread using strong metal and vintage leather cuffs 
from the INSEX collection. Ashley is completely helpless, her 
strength and muscles can do nothing to free her. This is a 
feeling she is not use to at all. She normally dominates and 
controls men. Not the the other way around.

We start by applying suction cups to her nipples. Her huge 
nipples are pulled painfully into the cups, growing bigger and 
bigger. She moans in pain, but takes it. We then flog her hard 
muscular body, her 12 pack gets most of the attention, however 
we take time to abuse and hit her huge swollen clit. 

Ashley's clit is amazingly huge, so we add another suction cup 
to it. We suck her clit up into the tube making it 3x larger 
and then tie it off with bailing twine. We bind each nipple 
and tie all three together. Pulling her nipples tight to her 
clit.

Ashley is suffering, she struggles to get free but is held in 
check. We hood her, blindfold her and push an inflatable gag 
into her mouth. We pump up the gag, and now her mouth is 
completely violated and filled. Now we can attack her clit and 
listen to her muffled screaming. We use different vibrators, 
and she struggles in vain as we make her cum again and again. 
There is nothing in this world she can do to stop herself from 
cumming. We own her sexually, and deep down this powerful 
women knows it. It scares her that we have this power over 
her. As she is thinking that very thing she cums again, then 
again. How much can that body take? We will find out....

Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_26astarr2/SexuallyBroken-Ashley-Starr-Matt-Williams-Professional-BODYBUILDER-Helpless-Her-HUGE-clit-captured-and-bound-made-to-cum-over-and-over%20.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  
