THIS IS AN XGD3 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+2.0 or ABOVE!!!
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-3C85_4F28FA29.jpg

Metal Gear Solid HD Collection PAL XBOX360-SWAG

From the critically acclaimed director, Hideo Kojima, Metal Gear Solid HD Collection offers 
a handful of the most popular Metal Gear Solid titles from the past in true HD for the first 
time ever. Featuring three complete games, Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, Metal Gear 
Solid 3: Snake Eater and Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker, the HD Collection offers old and new 
fans a chance to experience the epic game play, design and storytelling of the Metal 
Gear Solid franchise.

The Metal Gear Solid series is the seminal work of Hideo Kojima, Japan's master game creator, 
and the progenitor of the stealth action game genre. The series has become a global phenomenon,
with over 27 million copies sold worldwide. The player controls a secret agent from an elite 
special forces unit who is sent on solo sneaking missions through enemy installations, vast 
jungles, and sometimes even the thick of battle. Alone and surrounded by the enemy, even a 
special forces agent will find it tough to come out alive. But that is the secret behind the 
series' popularity-the cerebral challenge of figuring out how to avoid combat, and the thrill 
of sneaking through enemy territory undetected.

The Metal Gear Solid series is also known for its storyline, which blends seamlessly with the 
gameplay. The scenarios are based on extensive research and incorporate the drama of actual 
developments in society.

These elements have made Metal Gear Solid what it is today: a mature work of entertainment 
that transcends national borders and the confines of video games, and one of the leading 
products of the Japanese content business.

Platform: XBOX 360
Region: PAL
Format: XDG3 (LT2.0 or above)
Size 2 DVD's
Language: English
Genre: 3rd Person Shooter

XGD3 BURN GUIDE: http://nickthegr33k.eu/XGD3burn.pdf