
 
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/510aLS82GLL._SS500_.jpg


Windows 8 Five Minutes at a Time


Publisher: Wiley
Lance Whitney
2012 
Language: English
ISBN-10: 1118418646
ISBN-13: 978-1118418642
PDF 
384 pages 
61 MB

Get more out of Windows 8 at your own pace with this great new guide that’s perfect for busy learners. Helpful information is presented in quick, easy-to-digest, individual tasks that you can read and learn in five minutes or less, per task. Boost your productivity with hundreds of smart techniques, which include step-by-step instructions, full-color screenshots, and plenty of practical tips and sidebars sprinkled throughout the book. The attractive design brings everything in clear focus and helps you quickly locate the information you need.


 Provides quick, five-minute nuggets of information to help you get more out of the Windows 8 operating system
 Covers the new user interface and all new features, as well as the basics
 Also includes step-by-step instructions, helpful sidebars, and screenshots to guide you through tasks and concepts
 Full-color, attractive design makes it easy for you to find what you’re looking for
 Open Windows 8 in 5 Minutes, and you’re just five minutes away from getting more out of Windows 8.

 You’re just five minutes away from learning more about Windows 8

 Want to get up to speed on Windows 8 without a long, slow learning curve? You can, with this practical new guide. Basic how-tos and helpful techniques are presented so that you can absorb them in five minutes or less, per task. And that’s not all. You’ll also find dozens of quick fixes, colorful screenshots, and extra ways to be creative—a boatload of ideas that will make you more productive in Windows 8, fast.

Jump in anywhere for:

 Good basic techniques, such as how to customize your desktop or connect to a Wi-Fi or mobile network
 Quick fixes to keep you on track, such as how to access the Help screen, preview a file in File Explorer, or control your privacy options
 Unique ways to be more creative, such as customizing the Start screen, changing your account picture, or planning a trip with the Windows 8 Travel app
 Smart ways to beat the clock and work faster—say, by logging into Windows 8 automatically or creating tiles to shut down or restart Windows
 A super Q & A section, when all else fails!

