                  PART  374


          GARBAGE  - Queer  (1995)
          SKUNK ANANSIE -  Hedonism (Just Because You Feel Good) (1997)
          SHIVAREE  - Goodnight Moon  (2000)




       "Queer" is a song written and produced by for the band's self-titled debut album. In 1995, "Queer" was issued as the band's fourth single in the United Kingdom and second internationally. The song quickly became a modern rock success for the fledgling band, with positive reviews from music journalists, and becoming their first top 20 hit in both the UK Singles Chart and Billboard's Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. It also earned attention with its music video by Stéphane Sednaoui, which featured Manson detaining, stripping and shaving a man from a first-person perspective, and earned much airplay on MTV and was nominated for Breakthrough Video at the 1996 MTV Video Music Awards.
       "Hedonism (Just Because You Feel Good)" is a song by Skunk Anansie, taken from their second album, "Stoosh". It was released in February 1997 and reached #14 in the UK singles chart. It also proved to be a top 20 hit in several countries such as France, Sweden and Austria and a top 10 hit in other countries such as Norway and The Netherlands and a #2 hit in Switzerland.  It is regarded as one of Skunk Anansie's most known singles and was a popular choice at concerts. 
      "Goodnight Moon" is a song by the American alternative rock band Shivaree, written by Ambrosia Parsley and Duke McVinnie. It is the seventh track on the band's debut album "I Oughtta Give You a Shot in the Head for Making Me Live in This Dump". It was used during the ending credits of the film Kill Bill Volume 2, and is featured on the soundtrack album. The song also plays through the closing scenes and the end credits of the 2002 French film, Monique
     Shivaree released a total of four full-length albums, two EPs, and eight singles (some of which included unreleased songs) in their ten-year musical career.Shivaree officially separated in 2007 after a very brief promotional tour of their last album "Tainted Love".