Mount, Install, Play!

There are 3 types of gameplay available in Backyard football. The first one is a single game. A player picks the field they wish to play on, the weather type (those being sunny, where the players run very fast, rainy, in which the players run at a normal speed and the ball is very hard to throw, and snowy, where players are slow), the level of difficulty between easy, medium, or hard, and decide on whether they want the automatic or manual kick on. They then pick their team name, which can be any of the then-31 NFL teams and 10 backyard teams. When the team is chosen, a player would take turns choosing players with the CPU. There are a total of 7 players on a team, two of which will be on the bench while 5 get to see action. The statistics of a player in single game mode have no effect on a player's statistics in season play.

The second type of gameplay is season mode. The player selects their coach name, settings, and team before the season and drafts all seven of their players before the CPU picks any for the rest of the computer controlle teams in the league. The coach guides their team through a 14 game season, at the end of which if they are to win their division or be picked as the wild card, the team will compete in the playoffs. 8 teams, 4 from each conference, compete in three rounds of games to make it to the "Super Colossal Cereal Bowl." (A spoof of the Super Bowl in the NFL)

The third type of gameplay is online play. Backyard Football is the only game along with Backyard Baseball 2001 that offers online play with players across the globe. Online play is hosted through the Junior Sports Network, online play that is only available for Windows users, since the network system does not support Macintosh. Since www.jrsn.com has been discontinued, no new coach names may be registered to play online. While doing online play, the player may make contact with another coach online. They may then chat with each other with only pre-written dialogue, since the network is not being monitored to make sure no innapropriate language is used. Like Backyard Baseball 2001, there are 3 modes of difficulty. Easy, Medium, and Hard. The harder the difficulty, it becomes less likely that the players out on the field are going to make magnificent plays to "bail the coach out".