Skin Diamond is oiled up and sexually broken. Brutal throat fucking, Orgasm overload! | Skin Diamond | Matt Williams
October 1, 2012


Wmv + Pics


Skin Diamond is back on Sexually Broken. Skin was the recipient of the 2012 best female of the year at the Urban X awards. Very seldom do you ever see winners of best female doing extreme bondage, but then Skin is not your average girl, she is beyond exceptional!

 Bound upside down with thin leather ankle straps and a spread bar, Skin finds her self completely helpless. A rope neck tied to the floor keeps her head in place and reduces her ability to move. Her arms start in a brutal strappado down to the floor with elbows tightly bound together. 

We oil up our helpless award winning slut and slide a huge dildo into her wet pussy. A vibrator is attached to the pole, Skin is effectively impaled, as the vibrator is locked perfectly onto her swollen clit. Suction cups are placed on her hard, huge nipples. Soon her nipples will be 3 to 4 times bigger as the suction enlarges them to a painfully enormous size. 

We trap the tongue out of her mouth with a brutal gag, then turn on the vibrator and fuck Skin's pretty mouth with a large hard cock. It doesn't take long for our helpless performer of the year to cum. With the cock jammed down her throat, the neck rope holding her down, not being able to breath or move, the vibrator makes short work and makes her cum and cum hard. Her body won't stop cumming. Skin has no control over when she is allowed to breathe. That helplessness triggers her brain to just keep cumming. It is total overload, upside down nonstop orgasms rip though her body as she fights for air, as she is brutally skull-fucked into deep and lasting subspace.

 Nipple clamps are the last touch. Her huge nipples are clamped down and pulled up to her ankles, however the rope neck again keeps her in place. We tighten everything up, the rope pulls her to the ground, air is getting harder and harder to come by as the vibrator is still making our captive cum, and the darkness is approaching...


Screens  
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_01skin3/SexuallyBroken-Skin-Diamond-Matt-Williams-Skin-Diamond-is-oiled-up-and-sexually-broken-Brutal-throat-fucking-orgasm-overload.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

		