The Gauntlet | Audrey Rose | Matt Williams
July 20, 2012


Wmv and Mp4 + Pics


Welcome Audrey Rose to Sexually Broken. Are we the only people that think Audrey looks like a young Carly Simon? 

You know what Audrey likes? Cock, hard real cock. Cock that is jammed all the way down her throat and is held there. Cock that fucks her pussy so hard, her eyes roll up into the back of her head while she is cumming uncontrollably. Audrey likes to be MAN-HANDLED and roughed up on a professional level. 

Carly is bound, did I say Carly? Sorry, Audrey is bound in a technically perfect Japanese rope sex tie. She starts on her knees sucking cock, we give her the illusion that she is some what in control with her mouth expertly sucking our cock. That disappears quickly as we begin Audrey's cock nightmare. 

Audrey takes one of the best skull fucking we have filmed to date. Total deep throating and breath control. Throat gagging at its best, some one once said it's not a good blow job unless the eyes water. We get that deep slippery spit from the bottom of her throat, the long string saliva, that's when you know some one is trying desperately to survive a face fucking.

 That's just the beging of the Gauntlet we toss down. Audrey is brutally tossed and man handled. We fuck her pussy, until she comes, we flip her over and fuck her throat, then back over and fuck her from behind. Over and over Audrey is overloaded with hard cock. She doesn't know up from down. Her eyes roll up into the back of her head when we make her come with a cock jammed all the way down her throat while upside down, and vibrator on her clit. It's a long scene, Audrey is sexually destroyed by cock and cummed out. We spread her out on the bed, cruelly bind and pull her breast out to the bed posts. Audrey moans in pain. We bind her ankles and finger blast her to one huge squirting mind blowing orgasm. It wrecks her brain. We add a crotch rope and leave her to suffer until the next time we want to put our dick in something. 

Sexually Broken is the best technical, hardest, creative rope bondage site on the net, with the sexiest, most popular porn stars on the planet. Male Sexual Domination at its best and most brutal. 


Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/07_20audrey2/SexuallyBroken-Audrey-Rose-Matt-Williams-The-Gauntlet.php


And if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  

 

Cheers  :-) 
		
