                                    By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: Android OS 2.0 +
Overview: Calendar, GTD Tasks - all in one. The best selling PIM on mobile now on Android!

Pocket Informant® is an integrated calendaring and GTD®-based tasks solution for Android. Our purpose is to fuse together best-of-class calendaring with best-of-class tasks into one great solution.

Here are some of our current top features:

❖ Full-featured events management integrated with Android Calendar plus a separate PI Calendar
❖ Month, Day, Week, Column Week View, Agenda, and Task views
❖ Swipe between Months, Days, and Weeks
❖ Getting-Things-Done® (GTD®) management of tasks
❖ Pre-made filters to quickly find active, due, undated, overdue, and completed tasks
❖ Starring (flagging) tasks
❖ Both events and tasks can be displayed in 2 different day views, 6 week views, agenda view and month view
❖ Plain list and grouped (by category, context, folder, action, status) task views for tasks
❖ Optional category (for events and tasks) and status (for tasks only) filters in main views
❖ Templates for events and tasks (including default templates for new items)
❖ Ability to show/hide different Android calendars
❖ Optional timebars and mini-text (event details displayed directly in calendar grid) views for events month view
❖ Custom time/date selection controls for easy task/event modification and navigation in main view (including all month view features including mini-text in date selector)
❖ Easily accessible commands for events or tasks directly from main views (assign category, move between calendars, move to a different date, context, folder etc.)
❖ Highly configurable interface (with over 100 different options)
❖ Configurable event and task edit dialogs (with ability to show/hide all event/task fields)
❖ Search and notifications integration with standard Android services
❖ Ability to assign colors to each individual event or task, category, calendar, different task statuses, work and free days etc.
❖ Optional auto-deletion of completed tasks (on deletion or after certain period of time)
What's in this version:
- Widget!
- Contacts View
- Multi-Select Mode in Task Views
- Multi-Select Mode in certain Calendar Views
- Pocket Informant Online Sync
- All Pocket Informant syncing is managed by the Android Sync Manager
- Multiple Accounts of the same sync type can be used at the same time.
- Now supports multiple internal Event and Task calendars
- ICS Support
- Ability to switch view modes on tablets between the Tablet View and Phone View.



                                    By bobiras2009	