Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, born with a superior olfactory sense, creates the world's finest perfume. His work, however, takes a dark turn as he searches for the ultimate scent.

Director: Tom Tykwer
Writers: Andrew Birkin (screenplay), Bernd Eichinger (screenplay), and 2 more credits »
Stars: Ben Whishaw, Dustin Hoffman and Alan Rickman 

Storyline
Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, born in the stench of eighteenth century Paris, develops a superior olfactory sense, which he uses to create the world's finest perfumes. His work, however, takes a dark turn as he tries to preserve scents in the search for the ultimate perfume.

Motion Picture Rating (MPAA)
Rated R for aberrant behavior involving nudity, violence, sexuality, and disturbing images

Country: Germany | France | Spain | USA
Language: English
Release Date: 5 January 2007 (USA) 
Also Known As: Das Parfum - Die Geschichte eines Mörders 
Filming Locations: Barcelona, Catalonia

Box Office
Budget: €50,000,000 (estimated)
Opening Weekend: €154,604 (Netherlands) (10 December 2006) (49 Screens)
Gross: $132,180,323 (Worldwide)

Production Co: Constantin Film Produktion, VIP 4 Medienfonds, Nouvelles Éditions de Films (NEF)

Runtime: 147 min

User Reviews [Best Big Budget]

People who know the book tend to expect an exact illustration. This c a n work, but serves in any case to prove the book as untouchable "original" of which the movie manages or not to find appropriate images. The film has its flaws, I admit. I won't repeat the points others found. But the book has flaws as well. Art is always flawed. So Süskind fails to make his main character real. Through narration we understand smell to be deeply connected to our emotions, but we have no soul in the book to identify with. Therefore everything is left to our imagination. 

Did anyone really wish to accompany an ugly, demented Grenouille two and a half hours long, and smile about the satirical and philosophical subtleness of the story? Film is a completely different art and requires the freedom to develop its own language. Imho Tom Tykwer made such a strong and overwhelming intro, the first 30 minutes are so good, that the rest of the movie, though good too, can't top it.

Compared to last years big budget movies the film is the most interesting since many years. Count "Aviator", but please leave out "Pirates" and "Superman"