Includes: [K] No Expiration, No Registration Required.
Link for more information: http://manytricks.com/namemangler/


The Finder is good at a lot of things, but renaming a lot of files is not one of them. Enter Name Mangler, which makes short work of all your file renaming tasks.

Batch renaming simplified

If you need to rename several files at once, Name Mangler makes this tedious task a piece of cake. Name Mangler supports all common renaming tasks:
    Find and Replace (including support for regular expressions for you power users)
    Number Sequentially
    Change Case
    Set Extension
    Add Prefix/Suffix
    Remove/Insert Characters
Select the rename function you'd like to use from a pop-up menu, then customize as you wish.


Simple and intuitive interface

Name Mangler's interface has been designed to satisfy both casual users, as well as those who seemingly make a career out of renaming files and folders.

The interface instantly previews any pending name changes

Because renaming bunches of files can be a scary proposition, Name Mangler always shows you exactly what will happen before it happens.

Nothing is permanent until you tell Name Mangler to perform the operation.


Image and file previews

New! When you're trying to rename a batch of files, it's good to make sure you've got the right set of files selected. Name Mangler's support for two different ways of examining your selected files makes that easy.

See a large preview of your files

Click on or hover over (settable in Preferences) a file's icon, and you'll see a larger preview of the file. From that point, click the mouse to see the standard Mac OS X Quick Look window for the file.



Delightful droplets

Name Mangler is more than just one versatile renaming utilityΓÇöit's an infinite number of task-specific renaming tools, thanks to Droplets.

Name Mangler's Droplets make it ridiculously easy to save a renaming operation, and then use it repeatedly for different tasks.

Droplets provide perfect Finder integration

Just grab a group of files in the Finder, and drop them on the droplet you'd like to use. What could be simpler?

