                         

                        PART  431



           MIKE OLDFIELD  -  Five Miles Out (1982) 
           MIKE OLDFIELD  -  Moonlight.Shadow (1983)
           MIKE OLDFIELD  -  Shadow On The Wall  (1983)
           MIKE OLDFIELD  -  Tricks Of The Light  (1984)
           MIKE OLDFIELD  -  Flying Start (1988)
                              


     "Five Miles Out" is a single by Mike Oldfield, released in 1982. It is from the album "Five Miles Out" and features vocals by Maggie Reilly."Five Miles Out" has a complex structure despite its unusual length, and the lyrics are about Oldfield's experience of a near-tragic flight. Reilly sings with a clean voice while Oldfield uses a vocoder most of the time himself. The song features the same guitar riff that appears in the beginning of "Taurus II" and during the intro a keyboard quotes the opening motif to Tubular Bells, a trick that he repeats in later pieces such as "Crises".
     "Moonlight Shadow" is a  song written and performed by Mike Oldfield, released as a single in May 1983 and included in the album "Crises" of the same year. The vocals were performed by Scottish vocalist Maggie Reilly, who had joined Mike Oldfield in 1980. It is Oldfield's most successful single to date, reaching number one on a number of charts around Europe.The single peaked at number 4 in the British charts, making it Oldfield's second highest ranked single after "Portsmouth", which reached number 3 in 1976. "Moonlight Shadow" was successful throughout Europe. It reached number 1 in countries, including Brazil for two weeks, Italy, Austria, Switzerland for four weeks and Norway for six weeks. It spent four weeks at number 2 in Germany and also hit number 6 in Australia. 
     "Shadow on the Wall" is a single by Oldfield, released in 1983. It is taken from Oldfield's album "Crises". English rock singer Roger Chapman performs vocals on "Shadow on the Wall".
    "Tricks of the Light" is a single by Oldfield, released in 1984. It is from the album "Discovery". Maggie Reilly and Barry Palmer perform vocals for this song.The music video for "Tricks of the Light" is a mock-live performance of the song and focuses on a girl in the crowd. There are also additional non-concert scenes of a girl with and without sunglasses. Oldfield plays a Fender Stratocaster in the video and a Fairlight CMI appears on stage.
     "Flying Start" is a single by Oldfield, released in 1988. "Flying Start" features Kevin Ayers on vocals.