Super Hide IP 3.1.7.6 Incl Crack

Protect your privacy on the Internet. Use Super Hide IP to surf anonymously, prevent hackers from monitoring your online activities or identity thieves from stealing your identity and other personal information, send anonymous email, and un-ban yourself from forums or restricted websites. With Super Hide IP, you are able to be assigned one of our fake IP addresses which can be from different countries such as United States, United Kingdom, France, etc. Super Hide IP works with Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Maxthon, MyIE and is compatible with all types of routers, firewalls, home networks, wireless networks and any other kind of Internet.

Why Hide My IP
Many websites and software applications use your IP address to track and profile your online activity. When you connect to the Internet, your computer is assigned an IP address, which is your unique identification number on the Internet. This number may contain information about where you are located, who you are, and what programs are running on your computer.
How to Hide My IP
Using Super Hide IP, you can conceal your identity online by showing these websites a ΓÇ£fake IPΓÇ¥ located in a country of your choice, blocking hackers and prying eyes from knowing your true location or identity.
Key Features
* Anonymous Web Surfing
Click Hide IP button and you will be assigned fake IP addresses, preventing others from getting your true IP when surfing the Internet.
* Protect Your Identity
Surf anonymously to prevent hackers or identity thieves from monitoring your web activity or intercepting your personal information such as your financial information.
* Choose IP Country
You can select to use fake IP from different countries via ΓÇ£Choose IP CountryΓÇ¥ option and can Check IP directly.
* Send Anonymous E-mails
Hide your IP in E-mail headers. Be protected while sending emails via Yahoo!, Hotmail, GMail.
* Un-ban Yourself from Forums and Restricted Websites
Use Super Hide IP to change your IP which allows you to access any forums or websites that has ever banned you.


If you like it, then make a donation to the creator.

Seed after dl!
