English | CBZ and CBR | 4 Issues

Orbital #1-4 (2009-2011)
Publisher:  Cinebook
Publication Date:  May 2009, July 2009, May 2011, July 2011

Script:  Sylvain Runberg
Drawing:  Serge Pellé

Orbital First Mission - Orbital Volumes 1 and 2
Orbital Second Mission - Orbital Volumes 3 and 4

Orbital #1 - Scars
In the 23rd century, humans and Sandjarrs are allowed to join an intergalactic multiracial organisation set up 8,000 years before. The humans are seen as a belligerent, underdeveloped race by the other members of the organisation and have been kept out of it until now. The Sandjarrs had stayed out of interplanetary politics until a war between themselves and the humans broke out. Now Caleb, a human, and Mezoke, a Sandjarr, are paired up and trained as special agents to keep the intergalactic peace. This is a controversial and historic alliance, and a lot of people are watching them. Their first mission is to keep war from breaking out between humans and Javlodes on the planet Senestam.

Orbital #2 - Ruptures
Caleb (a human) and Mezoke (a Sandjarr) are paired up and trained as special agents to keep the intergalactic peace. This is a controversial and historic alliance given their races’ longstanding enmity, and a lot of people are watching them. Their first mission is to keep war from breaking out between humans and Javlodes on the planet Senestam.
Caleb acts as a mediator between the warring factions while dealing with an attack by Stilvulls (highly destructive insects)–and he also has to contend with his feelings for charming doctor Kim Vandersel. Mezoke is on the planet Upssal, trying to appease the Javlodes.

Orbital #3 - Nomads
Caleb and Mezoke are on Earth for celebrations marking the end of the Human-Sandjarr wars, running security for the ceremonies. When an incident occurs between Malaysian fishermen and a nomadic alien species called the Rapakhun, they are brought in to investigate and to lead negotiations. But tensions are high, and something is killing the fish in the mangrove swamp. The two agents will have to contend with the humans’ lingering mistrust towards aliens in their efforts to solve the mystery.

Orbital #4 - Ravages
The unexplained deaths in the mangrove have not deterred authorities: The ceremonies will go on as planned in Kuala Lumpur, despite Mezoke’s resistance and growing disagreement with Caleb. But the official optimism is soon dampened by news of further destruction, closer to the city. And when Nina and Angus return with the identity of the killer, an old enemy of the Confederation, the agents will be forced to act in desperation—and, maybe, to pay the ultimate price.

"And that's what Orbital is: great Space Opera that is all too hard to find in comics.  It's a series for fans of shows like Babylon 5 and Farscape." ComicBookWonder.com

"Orbital" has been listed in the 2011 Texas Library Association Maverick Graphic Novel List and in the American Library Association's YALSA 2010 Great Graphic Novels for Teens selection list.