Release Info:
Trusted astrology software for over two decades

Astro-Vision is a pioneer in astrology software development and its flagship software, Astro-Vision Lifesign 12.5 is used by over 10,000 satisfied customers. Our users include astrology centres, business centres, Internet cafes, STD /PCO booths, Xerox centres, Marriage bureaus, astrology classes, and astrologers around the world. Our astrology software enables our clients to offer computerised astrology services commercially. Our vast client base bears testimony to the fact that Astro-Vision LifeSign is the best astrology software available.
Fully Customisable Horoscope report Options

Astro-Vision Lifesign 12.5 gives you the option to customise the Horoscope reports as required; e.g., as a single-page horoscope report, horoscope report with charts and calculations only, horoscope report with detailed predictions, etc. You can even choose from the templates available in Astro-Vision Lifesign 12.5. This will help you deliver different types of horoscope reports at various prices to your customers. The typical rates range from INR 750 to INR 10 depending on the type of report.

Prepare Computer Horoscope in Multiple Languages

Astro-Vision Software Lifesign 12.5 is available in multiple languages - English, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and Kannada. So you can provide astrology services to clients across India. This feature also makes it one of the most sought after Hindu astrology software.

Prepare Computer Horoscope in various chart styles

Astro-Vision LifeSign 12.5 also provides you a choice of chart formats, like, North Indian, South Indian, Bengali, Kerala and Sri Lankan chart styles. This means you can generate horoscope reports from Astro-Vision Software according to the individual requirement of your customers.

Save Computer Horoscope reports in various formats

Prepare horoscope reports and save it to a CD, Floppy, Hard disk or simply take a print out. You can also send this report to customers through mail, so they can view and take a printout of the report at their convenience. This increases your scope and area of operations.

Easy to Use

The user interface is simple and intuitive. You don?t require any prior knowledge of Vedic Astrology to be able to use Astro-Vision Software.

Product Features
Get a quote
Panchanga Predictions
Bhava Predictions
Predictions based on the Effect of Dasa/Apahara
Birth Star Remedies
Remedies for Harmful effects of Dasa
Transit Predictions
Favourable Periods for Career
Favourable Periods for Marriage
Favourable Periods for Business
Favourable Periods for House Construction
AshtakaVarga Predictions
Special Combination of Planets in the Horoscope ( YOGA )
Calculation of Birth star and associated star qualities.
Basic Calculations such as Sayana and Nirayana Longitude of Planets
Charts
Jaimini System
Shodasavarga Table
Vargottama
Varga Bheda
Vimshottari Dasa Periods
Dasa and Bhukti (Apahara) Periods
Paryanthardasa
Planetory Analysis
Large Database of Cities
Nazhika / Ghati Convertor
Ayanamsa Options
Paryanthar dasa options
Change settings of favourable periods Analysis
Predictions in Astro-Vision LifeSign Horoscope Include:



Install Note:

1.Run setup file
2.Create desktop shortcut from start menu--all program--Horoscope Explorer Pro 3.81
3.block from firewall
4.run & enjoy.

Screen Shot:
 
http://i1-win.softpedia-static.com/screenshots/Astro-Vision-LifeSign-Mini_1.png
