The Barrens (2012) NTSC Retail DD5.1 DVD5 Eng NLSubs TBS B-Sam

The Barrens (2012)


Verenigde Staten / Canada
Horror
98 minuten

geregisseerd door Darren Lynn Bousman
met Stephen Moyer, Mia Kirshner en Erik Knudsen

Ondanks hun tegenzin neemt Richard Marlow zijn vrouw Cynthia, hun jonge zoon Danny en tienerdochter Sadie mee naar Pine Barrens voor een weekendje kamperen. Wanneer ze aankomen bij het Wharton State Forest rent er een gemuteerd hert de weg op dat bijna in botsing komt met zijn auto. Later die avond valt er een ander dier uit een boom. De zaken worden nog vreemder wanneer 's nachts een student, die ook in de bossen kampeert, vermist wordt.
Storyline

This movie is about the Vineyard family and their trip to the New Jersey Pine Barrens. There is a legend that the Jersey Devil lives in these woods. It came about after a woman known as Mother Leeds had 13 children, but she offered up the 13th child to the Devil so she and her other children didn't have to leave their house as they were going to be forced out by the town folk because she was having too many kids in the area back in the 1700s. So it's now the present, and the Vineyard family are going to camp there so the father ('Stephen Moyer' ) can release his father's ashes. But while there they hear that someone has gone missing, and Richard (Moyer) thinks it's the work of the Jersey Devil. So they move their camp site to get away from the rest of the campers only to find that they're in more trouble than they were before. But is the legend of the Jersey Devil real, or is it just another story? 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2050633/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/79913


Source: The.Barrens.2012.LiMiTED.NTSC.DVDR-RANDOM
Format: VIDEO_TS (DVD-5)
Beeld: 720*480
Audio: Engels (DD5.1)
Ondertitels: NEDERLANDS, Engels
Menu: JA
Vertaling: ChillyWitch
Controle: Smokey

Enjoy the Movie

Kom ook eens kijken :
 
http://www.black-sam.org


Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.