 Mobo Video Player Pro v1.1.7  - ADFREE - ARMANI:


Mobo Video Player Pro, the best video player
"Video!Video!Video!" will play an important role in your phone's use. Mobo Video Player Pro is the best Video Player in android market to help to play video in your phone and it is totally free∩╝ü
We ensure you will love this video player after using it.If you are pursuing a video player with the better user experience and user interface∩╝îMobo Video Player Pro will be your ultimate choice.
Mobo Video Player Pro is the video player supports all the most popular video formats without any conversion. Its smart core technology auto detects video formats and makes it much easier for you to enjoy smoother, better quality videos.
It scans your phone's videos and makes you easier to manage the videos. It keeps your video playing progress and resume video's previous progress.
It now can hide the videos from the video file list and keep your videos private. Do you have secret videos such as sexy girl or sex videos on your phone that your don't want others to see? The "Hide Video" feature will meet your request.


Mobo Video Player Pro supports such videos as follows∩╝Ü


1.All video formats
2.Supports SRT, SMI plug-in subtitle and MKV embedded subtitle videos.
3.Multi-audio streams and multi-subtitles videos
4.Playlists and continuous play
5.Advanced media libraries and sort videos by type 6.Thumbnail displays of videos
7.Supports flash formats video - swf, flv videos
8.HD video playing memory optimization
9.Playing gesture
10.Codec Plugin



Mobo Video Player Pro dynamically linked to FFmpeg shared video decoding library, which was compiled to contain LGPL decoders and splitters only. Source codes can be downloaded from this website: 
http://code.google.com/p/best-video-...ource/checkout

Mobo Video Player Pro is the pro version of Mobo Video Player. It has the new codec-plugin structure, add the playing memory optimization feature to ensure your playing more smoothy, add the playing gesture feature and improve the user experience.

Whats New:
* Fix some bugs


 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobo.video.player.pro

----------------------------

Download enjoy and seed

-----------------------------