With the release of Bad Piggies, I decided to upload a Rovio Collection, since some of their games aren't on the site, and some of them don't have the most current version.

This torrent includes all 6 Android games, and HD versions of some games. The HD versions are meant for tablets, although they will work on phones. Do note though, that an HD version on 99% of phones will look the same as the regular version, but the HD version will have a smaller UI. All games included are the paid versions, except Bad Piggies which only has a free version. To remedy this, I've included Lucky Patcher which you can use to get rid of the adds in Bad Piggies.

The survival of the Angry Birds is at stake! Dish out revenge on the green pigs who stole the Birds’ eggs. Use the unique destructive powers of the Angry Birds to lay waste to the pigs’ fortified castles. Angry Birds features hours of gameplay, challenging physics-based castle demolition, and lots of replay value. Use logic, skill, and brute force to crush the enemy.

Angry Birds Seasons is a special edition of Angry Birds that takes the furious fowl through the world’s celebrations! Enjoy Christmas, Halloween, Valentine’s Day, St. Patrick’s Day, Moon Festival and other great holidays with the Angry Birds! The latest update is Ham'o'ween, which takes the birds on a spooky Halloween adventure.

What happens when everybody's favourite fierce fowl get caged and shipped to Rio? They get very angry! In Angry Birds Rio, the original Angry Birds are kidnapped and taken to the magical city of Rio de Janeiro, where they eventually escape their captors and set out to to save their friends, Blu and Jewel – two rare macaws and the stars of the hit motion picture, Rio. Angry Birds Rio will pair the physics-based gameplay of the original game with unique twists based on the film.

Angry Birds Space features 60 interstellar levels on planets and in zero gravity, resulting in spectacular gameplay ranging from slow-motion puzzles to lightspeed destruction. With regular free updates, new in-app purchases, brand new birds, brand new superpowers, and a whole galaxy to explore, the sky is no longer the limit!

Amazing Alex has a set of 35 fully interactive objects just waiting to be set in motion. Fans can set the objects up to bounce, pop, ricochet, bash, and crash into each other and create an elaborate Rube Goldberg device! With a houseful of toys to play with, there’s more than one right answer. Fans can share their most creative solutions with friends and see what they came up with. With 100 challenging levels across four fun-filled locations, there’s a whole world of creations to explore!

Amazing Alex has a set of 35 fully interactive objects just waiting to be set in motion. Fans can set the objects up to bounce, pop, ricochet, bash, and crash into each other and create an elaborate Rube Goldberg device! With a houseful of toys to play with, there’s more than one right answer. Fans can share their most creative solutions with friends and see what they came up with. With 100 challenging levels across four fun-filled locations, there’s a whole world of creations to explore!