S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Sniper Elite V2 (c) Rebellion

02-05-2012....Release Date - Protection...............SteamCEG
FPS..............Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Sniper Elite V2 is the eagerly-awaited sequel to the highly-acclaimed
Sniper Elite, giving gamers the most authentic World War II sniping
experience available. You are elite US sniper Karl Fairburne.
Parachuted into Berlin amidst the Germans final stand, your mission is
to prevent Nazi V2 rocket program technology from falling into the
hands of the besieging Red Army. You must aid key scientists keen to
defect to the US, and terminate those who would help the Russians.

As World War Two ends and the Cold War begins, every shot counts. Use
it wisely.

Features:

Sniping Simulation - Sniper Elite V2 features detailed sniping
simulation with advanced ballistics, taking into account gravity, wind,
velocity, bullet penetration, aim stability and more. Guaranteed to
provide players with the most realistic simulation of military
sharpshooting yet available.

Use the Environment - The slightest changes in the environment need to
be taken into account to move into the perfect position, observe the
quarry, take the shot and slip away unnoticed.

Sniper Choice - Players will often find themselves facing a choice of
the perfect shot that leaves them catastrophically exposed or a more
difficult route that means they can continue their mission.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


False-Positive:

          
http://i.imgur.com/Kmv4j.png


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/cbYUt.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/aHLxG.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/jsjdS.jpg


ENJOY!