S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Port Royale 3 (c) Kalypso Media

03-05-2012....Release Date <-> Protection...........Serial+Custom
Strategy.........Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

The Caribbean, in the turbulent 17th Century. The mighty kingdoms of
Spain, England, France and the Netherlands fight over the colonies
And there you are, a young sea captain whose only goal is to become
the most powerful man in the New World. To achieve that goal, you may
choose one of the two available campaigns: will you become an
Adventurer or a Trader?

If you chose the way of the Adventurer, lead an unforgiving campaign
for the conquest of the seas: invasion, piracy, bounty hunting
raiding; do whatever it takes to build your own empire in the
Caribbean. And of course, trade will have a less important role to
play in your rise

The way of the Trader is, on the opposite, mostly about developing
your riches and your economic power. To be the most powerful Trader of
the New World, you have to create trade routes, build industries and
develop the economy of the colonies

Of course, in Free Play mode, you can mix both of those in any way you
want, letting you create your own unique and exciting story

For the first time in the acclaimed Port Royale series, you are not
alone in the beautiful and seemingly so peaceful seas of the Caribbean
The Multiplayer mode allows up to 4 players to play through LAN or over
the Internet. Develop a successful trading company, lead your ships in
beautiful 3D naval battles and force your opponents to their knees!

Key Features:

Two different single player campaigns: Adventurer and Trader

Naval battles, raids, plundering and invasions await the Adventurer
while the Trader will develop trade routes and the economy to earn
glory, fortune and power

16 different ship types, such as powerful Galleons or versatile
Frigates

Organize trade with 60 different cities such as Port-au-Prince or
Tortuga

A competitive Multiplayer mode for up to 4 players

A comprehensive trade system, with supply and demand dynamically
setting the price of goods and wares, like in the real world

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

**NOTE**
Dont allow the game to get online, so block it with a firewall

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision.