Strathclyde Class 101



Developed by : RailSimulator.com | Type of distribution : Add-On | Language : English | Year : 2012 | Compatibility : TS2013 | Genre: Simulation | Release Date: 6 Dec 2012



About the Game
The Class 101 was one of the largest classes of first generation Diesel Multiple Units on the British railway network, and you can now experience this DMU for Train Simulator, upgraded from a previous Class 101 pack and in the striking Strathclyde Passenger Transport (SPT) livery.

Built by Metro-Cammell Works in Birmingham from 1956, the Class 101 was made up from a number of sub-classes, making them the most numerous and possibly most successful and well known of first generation DMUs. Sets were supplied in two, three and four car sets, depending on the service they were intended for, and passenger accommodation was provided in first and standard class configuration.

With more than 500 units built, the Class 101 could be seen on routes across the country and saw service many years into the privatisation of BritainΓÇÖs railways. The final five units survived 47 years of service, finally being withdrawn on 24 December 2003, but thanks to their longevity many units have been preserved on the countrys heritage railways.

Re-skinned and upgraded from an earlier Class 101 pack, the Class 101 for Train Simulator 2013 is available in Strathclyde Passenger Transport (SPT) black and orange livery, the first such time the distinctive livery has appeared on any Train Simulator model. Features include manual gear change control, fully detailed cab and control panel, in-cab lighting and an upgrade to TSX standard features. Also included are a number of exciting scenarios for the West Coast Main Line.

The West Coast Main Line Add-On 
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7820676/Train_Simulator_2013_-_West_Coast_Main_Line_North
(available) is required to play the scenarios included with this Add-On.

Scenarios
Three scenarios for the West Coast Main Line route:

Gearing Up
Slip and Slide
Strathclyde Showers

Key Features
Class 101 in Strathclyde Passenger Transport orange and black livery
DMCL, DMBS, DMSL, TCL, TSL and TBSL rail vehicles
Manual gear change control
Fully detailed cab and control panel including instrument backlighting
Upgraded TSX effects
Scenarios for the West Coast Main Line
Quick Drive compatible

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"

Visit Us At:    
http://www.railgamer.co.uk/


More Torrents over at:       
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/


Like Us On Facebook:
Search "Rail Gamer"
To keep up to date on new releases	
