Geocaching 4.6.0.ipa


Ios 5.11 jailbreak see here:   http://blog.iphone-dev.org/



Jailbreak,Install Cydia, Add Cydia.hackulo.us repository,then install app Sync,

Description

Unlock the exclusive coordinates and detailed information for nearly 2 million hidden geocache containers across the globe. Join the search for geocaches and the growing Geocaching.com community of families, urban explorers, and spontaneous outdoor adventurers.

Use the Official Geocaching.com App to guide you to cleverly hidden containers just around the corner and in more than 180 countries. Tap into your treasure-hunting skills, the in-app descriptions, and available hints to make the final find! Start your location-based GPS-powered adventure now, or combine it with other activities like biking, hiking, or camping. Find even more information on Geocaching.com.


Instant Adventure – Anywhere

Use the “Find Nearby Geocaches” button to locate geocaches near your current location. Odds are you can reach the nearest geocache in less than 10 minutes.

Track your progress to the cache on a suite of interactive maps or switch to the preferred explorer method of a compass arrow and watch the distance countdown until your geocache discovery.

Once you find the geocache – log your “Found it!” to earn a smiley, take and upload pictures, post a note, and see your “Found it!” count rise on your home screen.


Setup for Geocaching Success

Beginner geocachers search for traditional, regular sized geocaches rated Difficulty 1/Terrain 1. Check logs to make ensure the cache has been found recently.

Browse a photo gallery for each geocache, review attributes like “Recommended for Kids” or “Takes less than an hour,” and an option to view the geocache page on Geocaching.com without leaving the app.

Save geocache listings, including maps and pictures for quick retrieval and offline use.


Supercharged Geocaching

Advanced search options allows filtering of geocaches by difficulty, terrain, location, cache type, keywords, Premium Caches (Premium Member feature) and excluding your finds or your friend’s finds.

Full Trackable integration – access and explore one of the most engaging parts of geocaching. Geocachers moves Trackables from geocache to geocache on specific missions. Log and search for their unique codes.