
 POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Chuck Missler

Volume 21
Resolving The Olivet Discourse
Dead Sea Scrolls  by Peter Flint

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Resolving The Olivet Discourse - Dead Sea Scrolls  by Peter Flint




POtHS Comment: The only truth I am sure of is The Holy Bible is The Divine Word of Yahweh the Creator God, The First and The Only ONE.

Description:

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Resolving The Olivet Discourse - Dead Sea Scrolls  by Peter Flint

Description:

The Dead Sea Scrolls:

From the foremost authority on Paleo-Hebrew, Peter Flint Ph.D. discusses The meaning of the Dead Sea Scrolls, their significance for understanding the Bible, Judaism, Jesus and Christianity.

THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS, found in caves near the Dead Sea, fifteen miles east of Jerusalem from 1947 to 1956, include the oldest existing biblical manuscripts and the remarkable texts of the purist Jewish community at Qumran. The discovery of the scrolls has added dramatically to our understanding of the varieties of Judaism at the time of Jesus and the rise of Christianity, but has also promoted heated debate about the nature of these religions. As the monumental task of transcribing and translating the Dead Sea Scrolls is finally completed, people around the world are taking stock of the significance of these ancient documents. In this study, one of the world's foremost experts on the scrolls reveals the complete and fascinating story in all its detail: the amazing discovery, the intense controversies, and the significant revelations.

This Generation: Resolving The Olivet Discourse - DVD

Description

It is ironic that Jesus' opening imperative in His "Olivet Discourse" is "Take heed that no man deceive you". This is His command, but it begs a question of means: "How do we avoid that?" There seems to be more conjectures and misunderstandings over this passage than almost any other in the New Testament.

For many students of eschatology - the study of last things - the so-called Olivet Discourse has proven to be a troublesome passage; a hermeneutical battleground between the dispensationalists and the preterists, etc. The preterists insist that this passage - and the Book of Revelation - has been already fulfilled, and much of it is dismissed by them as simply allegorical. Yet even those who embrace a dispensational view have difficulty reconciling many of the Olivet Discourse passages.

Our exploration of this passage will challenge more than simply our hermeneutics alone. It will challenge our grasp of the whole eschatological plan in its entirety.


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

  