THIS GAME IS FULLY CRACKED


Transformers™: Fall of Cybertron™ transports you to the final days of the planet Cybertron where you will experience the darkest hours of the apocalyptic war between the AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS. Embark on an adrenaline-fueled journey through a wide range of missions and massive environments designed around each character’s unique abilities. With the stakes higher than ever before, you play as a variety of Transformers characters, including Grimlock’s nearly indestructible T-Rex form and the legendary Combaticons forming into the colossal Bruticus. Fight through both sides of the Transformers’ most epic battles leading to their legendary exodus from their homeworld. Transformers™: Fall of Cybertron™ allows you to go head-to-head as AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS with its multi-player online mode. Create your own personalized character and weaponry with the most advanced and in-depth customization ever before seen in a Transformers video game.

AN EPIC BATTLE FOR SURVIVAL
Transformers: Fall of Cybertron transports you to the final days of the planet Cybertron where you will experience the darkest hours of the apocalyptic war between the Autobots and Decepticons. Embark on an adrenaline-fueled journey through a wide range of missions and massive environments designed around each character’s unique abilities. The combat is intense as you dynamically transform between robot and vehicle form to change the battle as you choose.

APOCALYPTIC SETTING
Play as both AUTOBOTS and DECEPTICONS in an epic story set amongst the ruins of the Transformers home planet, ravaged from years of war. Experience the never before told final battles that culminate in the legendary exodus from Cybertron.

MASSIVE GAMEPLAY VARIETY
Capture the true power of the Transformers with endless variety. Every character is equipped with distinct abilities and personalities that are suited for each of the diverse missions in the game. Characters also convert from robot to alternate mode to defeat their enemies. Change forms, combine, blast, melee, stealth, fly, and more!

EPIC SCALE
Fall of Cybertron delivers epic battles on a massive scale. The setting and characters are HUGE! The battlefield will quake with the fury of gigantic Transformers like the combiner Bruticus or the ferocious Dinobots. The city sized AUTOBOT Metroplex changes the scale of everything.

MULTIPLAYER WITH TRULY CUSTOM TRANSFORMERS
The battle continues online in thrilling multiplayer combat. Drop into deep multiple multiplayer modes with up to 12 players. Create your own Transformers using a character creator that offers unprecedented choice.

Transformers: Fall of Cybertron Minimum System requirements

OS: Windows® XP/Vista/7

CPU: Intel Core 2 Duo 2.6 GHz or AMD Phenom X3 8750

RAM: 2 GB memory

HDD: 8.4GB Free Space

GPU: GeForce 8800 GT series with 512 MB RAM or ATI Radeon HD 4850 with 512 MB RAM

DX: DirectX 9.0c or DirectX 10

AUDIO: DirectX compatible Sound card

How to install:

Double click on Transformers Fall of Cybertron-=AviaRa=-.exe
disk2 and disk3 will install auto no need to open them...
Select folder to install
INSTALL
No need for crack or serials


More info and support here: 
http://www.aviara.ro/forum/index.php?topic=13125.0

If you like this torrent seed it to others
Don`t forget to rate it

-=AviaRa Team=-