Up with Chris Hayes; Saturday, November 24, 2012.

Joining Chris were:

Douglas Rushkoff (media theorist and author of "Life Inc: How Corporatism Conquered the World, and How We Can Take It Back"), Chrystia Freeland (editor of Thomson Reuters Digital and author of "Plutocrats: The Rise of the New Global Super Rich and the Fall of Everyone Else), Peter Suderman (senior editor at Reason magazine), Jessica Bagnulo (co-owner of Greenlight Bookstore) discussed the planned strikes at Walmart stores across the country by employees protesting working conditions, and what Black Friday says about the broader culture of consumption in America.

But they started the show with Greg Fletcher (Walmart Associate) who joined via satellite to discuss the protests.

Tony Kushner (Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright, screenwriter of "Lincoln" starring Daniel Day-Lewis) joined to discuss the politics of compromise and the movie's parallels with another transformational political figure: President Obama.

Then, Tony Kushner, Josh Barro (Bloomberg View columnist), Dr. Claudia Fegan (chief medical officer at John Stroger Hospital in Cook County, Illinois and frmr. President of Physicians for a National Health Program).Jacob Hacker (professor of political science and director at the Institution for Social and Policy Studies at Yale University, co-author of "Winner-Take-All Politics: How Washington Made the Rich Richer ΓÇô And Turned Its Back on the Middle Class") joined to discuss Lincoln and Obama's similarities.

Joy Reid (MSNBC contributor and managing editor of The Grio) replaced Tony Kushner on the panel that examined the fate of The Affordable Care Act (ACA, Obamacare), as more Republican governors refuse to participate in key parts of the presidentΓÇÖs landmark health care law.

Dr. Donald Berwick (former administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services) joined via satellite discussed how the ACA should work to bring down prices.

Chris ended with what he is thankful for.