The Two-Second Advantage: How We Succeed by Anticipating the Future--Just Enough 
[Kindle Edition]

Vivek Ranadive (Author), Kevin Maney (Author)

File Size: 446 KB
Format: MOBI
Print Length: 258 pages
Page Numbers Source ISBN: 0307887650
Publisher: Crown Business (September 6, 2011)
Sold by: Random House Digital, Inc.
Language: English
ASIN: B004KPM1FI

"The right information at the right time is often the key to breakout success. Vivek's legendary entrepreneurial track record and the deep insight that he and Kevin Maney offer into the art of information technology makes this the right book at the right time to arm the reader with the knowledge and perspective the future will demand” —Marc Andreessen, Co-founder of Andreessen Horowitz, Opsware Inc. and Netscape 
 
"Anyone interested in understanding the one common denominator of almost all long term success should read The Two-Second Advantage...organizations or even talented people don't need to have a vision of the future ten years or even ten days out. They need to accurately anticipate what’s about to happen next a split second before the competition using the right information at the right time." —Phillip Hellmuth Jr, 11-time World Series of Poker Champion and Poker Hall of Famer
 
"A compelling book on the 'art of anticipation' that everyone should read for every business today." —Mark V. Hurd is President of Oracle Corporation and a member of the Board of Directors.
 
“Ranadive and Maney convincingly show that by seeing the future we can achieve a new one. Neuroscience meets computer science and the result is profound, not to mention a great read.” —Don Tapscott, author of Wikinomics
 
“In an environment where the velocity of change is faster than at any other time in history, a company’s ability to capture The Two-Second Advantage can mean the difference between success and failure. Vivek articulates how leaders and organizations can use predictive processes to anticipate change and gain a competitive advantage that shapes the future of work.” —Francisco D'Souza, President and Chief Executive Officer, Cognizant
