[img]http://static.hitfilm.com/images/product/high-end-3d-compositing.jpg[/img]

Blockbuster visual effects
In HitFilm Ultimate you'll find 2D and 3D visual effects of a quality never seen before at this price point. Transform your filmmaking without needing a blockbuster budget.

Gunfire
HitFilm's Gunfire technology is unrivalled. Create an infinite variety of fully 3D muzzle flashes to suit any weapon. If you make action movies, this effect will revolutionize your shootouts.

Lens flares
The procedurally generated lens flare effects in HitFilm are resolution independent and include lots of customization options for you to play with. You can even link lens flares to points in 3D space, opening up unique animation possibilities.

Procedural fire Ultimate exclusive
Create computer generated fire which reacts realistically to movement and interacts with other layers. Set other layers on fire or use them to block the path of the flames: perfect for titles and human torch effects.

Lightswords
Easily create sci-fi's most iconic weapon using HitFilm and show the fanfilm community what you can do. An elegant effect for a more civilized filmmaker.

Lightning Ultimate exclusive
HitFilm Ultimate's highly customizable electricity generator creates photorealistic storm lightning, intense Force lightning, tasers and other electrical effects.
Blood spray Ultimate exclusive
Horror and action filmmakers: this one is for you. Generate realistic blood and liquid splatter to turn your movies into non-stop gore fests.
Advanced particle simulator Ultimate exclusive
There's no other application that can rival the in-built particle simulator anywhere near the price of HitFilm Ultimate. Create sophisticated particle effects with complex behaviour, driven by physics simulation and forces, interacting with your layers in full 3D.

Missiles
Debris
Teleportation
Weather effects
Smoke and fog
Explosions
Sparks
Fire
Blood and gore
Clouds
Magical effects
Forces


3D pre-built effects
In addition to the fully customizable particle simulator, a range of drag-and-drop smoke, fire, explosion and shockwave effects are included with HitFilm Ultimate. They're ready to go, so all you need to do is drop them into place.

Debris
Falling Debris
Fire & Explosions
Bonfire
Fire Explosions
Sci-Fi Shockwave
Smoke
Missile Smoke
Smoke
Sparks
Sparks
Weather
Fluffy Cloud
Rain
Storm Cloud

High-end 3D compositing
HitFilm Ultimate happily mixes 2D and 3D layers on the same timeline so that your creative vision is never restricted.

Genuine 3D environment
In HitFilm Ultimate, everything exists in the same 3D environment, so layers interact with each other and particle simulations, without having to use workarounds.

Ultimate enhanced
3D compositing



Green screen
If you use green screen you'll find the keying and matte cleaning tools will handle whatever you throw at them and the editor/compositor hybrid design makes for a fast, intuitive workflow.

Ultimate enhanced
Green screen compositing

Track & stabilize Ultimate exclusive
HitFilm Ultimate has its own 2D point tracker with optical flow and template match options for fast, accurate results. Track features and stabilize handheld videos without needing additional software.

Temporal effects Ultimate enhanced
Exclusive time displacement and channel shift effects join the speed ramping, motion trails and other time-based effects.

Fine tuning Ultimate enhanced
In addition to the standard spill removal, light wrap and color correction tools, HitFilm Ultimate also includes advanced matte cleaning features to ensure the best possible results.

Invisibility & cloning
Create Predator camouflage and wizard invisibility cloaks with the versatile displacement effect, or use split screen and masking to clone your actors.
Supports 4K resolution Ultimate exclusive
When your movies move beyond HD HitFilm Ultimate will be ready with native support for up to 4K resolution.

Masks
HitFilm's masking tools are great for creating sophisticated interaction between layers, tidying up the edges of your green screen studio or removing unwanted parts of an image or video.

Depth of field & motion blur
HitFilm's 3D cameras work realistically, with optional depth of field automatically blurring layers based on their relative distance from the lens. Turn on automatic motion blur for more realistic movement of your 2D and 3D layers.
Light & shadow
You can be a virtual cinematographer with HitFilm Ultimate's range of lighting options. A dramatic atmosphere can be created in post using incredible lighting effects and dynamic shadows.

3D camera data import Ultimate exclusive
HitFilm Ultimate is compatible with most camera tracking data apps. Get your camera off its tripod and create amazing handheld visual effects shots that look as realistic as anything you see at the cinema.

Install Note:
=============

Install version needed (x64/x86)
Copy File from ENGiNE folder to installation directory, overwriting the existing file.

Say Thanks![