Anal.Threesomes.DiSC1.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-TattooLovers
Anal.Threesomes.DiSC2.XXX.DVDRiP.x264-TattooLovers

Starring : Angelina Valentine, Aria Austin, Audrey Rose, Bobbi Starr, Britney Stevens, Kiki Daire, Kimberly Kane, Mike Adriano, Tory Lane, Veruca James, Whitney Grace 

Anal Threesomes: Subject to change without notice The master of nasty sphincter- stuffing action, director Mike Adriano, likes the sexual dynamic of taking two girls at once. In his deluxe double-disc `Anal Threesomes,` Mike presents four epic scenes of rectal debauchery featuring pairs of gorgeous sluts who open their asses for the directors big dick and plunge into twisted episodes of ass-to-mouth fun and lewd butt-rimming ... all showcased by Mikes distinctive `POV +` style of camera work. First, filthy blondes Aria Austin and Whitney Grace team up for Arias very first anal scene. Mike slides an entire stick of butter up the wicked girls elastic booty hole, then gives these horny skanks a buttery, ass-flavored session of ferocious anal fucking. Next, kinky, all-natural beauties Audrey Rose and Veruca James get their anuses well stretched by the directors meat and Mikes signature medical speculum, which provides close-up digital surveillance. Their outrageous sodomy climaxes with a creamy cum swap. Bottom-heavy bimbos Kiki Daire and Britney Stevens lap Mikes bunghole, deep-throat his swollen fuck stick and take greasy ass reamings before sharing his gooey load. Tattooed whore Angelina Valentine and badass brunette Tory Lane enjoy a no-holes-barred tushy triangle. Mike nails Anita Blue in a bonus one-on-one tryst, and a bonus three-way features ass-crazed superstarlets Bobbi Starr and Kimberly Kane. `Anal Threesomes` gives the viewer an extra measure of anal action. When it comes to backdoor pleasure, great things cum in threes!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=5xtfae2n3a63jnvi25fb.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=eqrekprhq5tyrvx5p2o9.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=6rnjknszrdof5ybi5t18.jpg
