 http://bayimg.com/AAmkbAadg

The Real Abraham Lincoln (TV 2009) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1508054/

Abraham Lincoln (February 12, 1809 – April 15, 1865) was the 16th President of the United States, serving from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865. He successfully led his country through a great constitutional, military and moral crisis – the American Civil War – preserving the Union, while ending slavery, and promoting economic and financial modernization. Reared in a poor family on the western frontier, Lincoln was mostly self-educated. He became a country lawyer, an Illinois state legislator, and a one-term member of the United States House of Representatives, but failed in two attempts to be elected to the United States Senate.

Scholars and students of Lincoln and his role in American history will find this film superficial and inadquate.


Mystery Files Abraham Lincoln

Mystery Files blows the dust off the case reports of the world’s most famous and iconic unsolved stories. From the legends of King Arthur and Joan of Arc to the modern murders of Rasputin and Billy the Kid, these universally recognised characters have inspired, intrigued and confounded us all. Unearthing new evidence and exploring fresh theories with 21st century forensics, historic document analysis, scientific testing and archaeology, the quest of each programme in this ground-breaking series is to finally separate fact from fiction. The series features high-end dramatic reconstructions of legendary moments in history. Then, taking the myth, mystery or legend as its starting point, each episode features expert interviews, undertakes new experiments and witness testimony to question all the key elements of the story. It then debunks or confirms them as it strips away the inconsistencies and in their place build up, piece by piece, the truth that lies hidden at the heart of each mystery. Key experts in the specific subject area covered in each episode are called on to answer the tough questions and produce only the most rigorous evidence. 

Abraham Lincoln. The man who rises from obscurity to become the 16th American President and arguably it’s finest. But on April 15th 1865 he becomes the first US President to be assassinated, leading to the creation of a legend that obscures his true personality. 

Experts Michael Burlingame, James McPherson and Harold Holzer investigate Lincoln, exploring his less well-known early life and how it drives his later actions. He grows up on the American frontier and has a poor rural upbringing - a far cry from the glory of the White House. Our experts reveal Lincoln’s strong dislike of this agricultural lifestyle and his overwhelming ambition to get out, to move up and escape his father’s legacy. At every spare opportunity Lincoln read books - he was one of the greatest autodidacts of his age, for he had greater ambitions than those of his father. He became a Politician and soon after a lawyer as well. 
.
