POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - SIN-ister Secrets - 86 - Tell-All Interview with US Marine Colonels Wife, Kay Griggs


POtHS Comment: You are not going to believe this!!!!!!!


Description:

Kay Griggs, Colonel's Wife Tell-All Interview, 4 parts:
Kay Griggs, wife of former U.S. Marine Corps Col. George Raymond Griggs, speaks freely about the unimagined corruption and extent of the oppressive systems of deception within the global leadership nexus of military intelligence with secret society internationalism.

K. Griggs bravely tells the truth about the top levels of the power structure, and how most of these people are groomed psychopaths or deviants.. This interview was from 1998 and most of the stuff she mentioned has turned out 100% right on, well before most people had any clue, about Military Assassin Squads, Drug Running, Illegal Weapon Deals And Sexual Perversion Deep Within the Highest Levels Of U.S. Military And Government.

For 11 long years, Kay Griggs heard all the messy details from her military husband, usually while he was drinking before going into one of his drunken stupors. First going public in 1998 in an eight hour video interview with a truth-seeking Michigan pastor and FM radio broadcaster, she now is back after 9/11 to warn Americans to beware of the evil lurking within the highest levels of government, bound and determined to destroy America. Katharine ‘Kay’ Griggs knows what it’s like to have a gun pointed in her face. She knows what it’s like to have her face slapped, her bones broken and her nose bloodied by her former bully of a husband, an active Marine Colonel and a man who she claims is “above the law and literally gets away with murder.” Virginia court documents and photos of her battered arms and legs tell the sad and brutal physical story of her failed marriage, a tumultuous 11 year roller coaster ride ending in 1999. But the real story for public consumption isn’t the private divorce court details.  Strawcutter, who believed in free speech radio and empowering the public with the truth, produced two extended interviews finally released in 2000, one being a two hour version called “Sleeping With The Enemy” and the other an unedited eight hour version available at [url]http://www.kaygriggstalks.com
[/url]

