Trillian 5 Pro for Windows

Chat everywhere,
At home, at work, or in your pocket,
Trillian redefiness seamless conversion.

Trillian is the best chat client for your desktop and phone.

What is Trillian?

Connect to your IM, mail, and social networks in one place

┬╖ Trillian can connect to AIM, Windows Live, Yahoo!, Google,
Facebook Chat, Jabber, Skype and a lot more. Trillian 5
introduces improved Facebook Chat via XMPP and support for
Foursquare, LinkedIn, and studiVZ / meinVZ / schuelerVZ chat!

Fully customizable and extensible
┬╖ With a multitude of options and a comprehensive library of
plugins, skins and skin packs, you can extend and customize
Trillian in any way imaginable. Show RSS feeds or even play
music while chugging along with a contact list right out of
Terminator 5.

Optimized for Windows
┬╖ Trillian is built directly in C++ using native Windows APIs.
Not relying on third-party runtimes or toolkits means lower
memory consumption and direct access to native Windows
features as soon as they're made available to developers.
Trillian 5 for Windows is the smoothest and fastest version
of Trillian ever!


Interoperable
Friends in different places? Trillian has you covered with diverse chat service support.

Keep chatting
Start a chat on the desktop. Stand up and continue chatting on your phone - magic!

Social portal
Use Trillian to update Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Foursquare at the same time.

Simple and fast
Trillian focuses on speed and a low memory footprint, and is always built using technology native to the operating system.

Broad support for devices
Between desktops, mobile phones, tablets, and the web, easily take Trillian with you everywhere you go!

100% homegrown
Built with pride by the same small team for over 10 years, our mission is to connect the world through chat.

Supported OS:

Windows All

Homepage: http://www.trillian.im/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program, and dont run application.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Run application, get register with orignal email and other information.
4. Done, Now you can enjoy with multi chat client.
