DC UniverseΓäó Online is the only next-generation massively multiplayer online action game that delivers unparalleled physics-powered combat set in the DC UniverseΓäó. This genre-defining game puts the power of the DC Super Heroes and villains into the palm of your handsΓÇª

The next legend is YOU!
Game Features:
Experience the power of visceral combat where you control every blow your character strikes, delivering a level of action that is unparalleled in the MMO segment.
Choose your side -- superhero or villain -- as you battle to save or conquer the universe.
Fight alongside or against your favorite DC heroes and villains including Batman, The Joker, Superman, Wonder Woman and othersΓÇª The next legend is YOU!
Experience the intensity of a world created in the artistic vision of legendary comic book artist Jim Lee.
Take advantage of the state-of-the-art physics engine and use objects in the world around you as weapons, including even your enemies!
Players will create their own custom DC-style hero or villain, each with a unique look and combination of superpowers.
Embark on heroic or villainous story-driven adventures penned by famous DC writers including Geoff Johns and Marv Wolfman.
Gameplay is optimized for both the PS3 computer entertainment system and PC.
Explore the DC Universe; walk the darkened streets of Gotham City, investigate the mysteries of the futuristic cityscape of Metropolis and travel to legendary locations including Arkham Asylum and the Justice League of America Watchtower.

Although the game may be great and your excited to play it, but there launchpad downloaded takes forever and freezes around the end, i checked for torrents when i was downloading it and there were none so i'm gonna help some of my fellow gamers and make it easier for them

comment a thankyou if it worked and also add me as a friend my username is blacklegend97

if your experiencing any problems, also comment and ill get back to you.



HAVE NO FEAR BLACKULA IS HERE!!! ;D