CyberLink YouPaint 1.5.0.4713





----|Info|---------------------------------------------------------------


[b]The Interactive Painting Software for the Whole Family.CyberLink YouPaint painting software is a fun-packed touch application for painting on the PC. Brushes, pens, a color palette, stamps, tracing paper, image blooms, and more, provide hours of creative entertainment. YouPaint’s welcoming interface is optimized for touch platforms and pen tablets, allowing realistic painting by hand and pen.

Fun Drawing Tools
Select from one of four drawing tools—chalk, pencil, marker, or crayon—and adjust the tool size to suit your project and the effect you are trying to create. YouPaint provides the feeling of actual texture when using various drawing tools.

Vibrant Color Palette
What's better than a box of 5 colored pencils? A box of 60, of course! YouPaint offers a choice of 60 vibrant colors to work with. Adjust the size of each tool with the sliding scale to create colorful lines of various thickness.

Touch Support
By supporting the latest touch hardware and the touch features of Windows 7, you and your kids can draw and paint directly on the screen with your fingers. Of course, with YouPaint painting software you can also use a pen tablet or mouse.

Tracing Papers
Kick-start your creativity with YouPaint's library of 10 tracing papers of familiar shapes like animals and vehicles. You can import your own photos and use them to trace and create cool and original paintings, too.

Coloring Pages
Use the drawing tools or paint bucket and color pallette to create vibrant paintings from the fun coloring pages. And if you're not happy with the result, you don't have to throw it away - just erase it all and start again!

FREE Downloads
Want more tracing paper & coloring pages? No problem! New to DirectorZone are many more of both for you to trace and color. You can even sign up as a Creator and upload your own designs to share with others.

Swirling Image Blooms
Image blooms work like a quick copy and paste tool, repeating a series of the same image. Create a swirling chain-like effect from a choice of 13 types of image. You can apply anywhere on the canvas or make stunning borders, it’s your art work!

Moveable Stamps
Apply stamps to your canvas and give your pictures even more character. Choose from 76 built-in stamps and use the easy zoom-in and rotate features to fit your artwork. You can even make your own stamps by importing your favorite images and photos!

Saving & Sharing
View and save all your drawings and imported images in the art works library. Print your work by choosing from one of four pre-defined styles—portrait, landscape, color or grayscale. And now you can even email your masterpiece directly from YouPaint.

Image Import Formats
BMP, GIF, ICO,JPG, PNG, TIFF

Image Output Formats
JPG, BMP, PNG



Install Notes :-

0. Unrar app
1. Remove all old version
2. Install app
3. Run app and use keygen for generate one working serial
4. Run UPDATE
5. AND Injoy :)

PS: IF possible block using firewall every attempts of program to go in internet