POtHS - Creation 55


Origins - Part 2

POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

Description:

POtHS - Creation - 55 - Origins - Part 2

Origins:
Origins:
Watch as scientists, researchers and authors share relevant facts
and thought-provoking evidence supporting creation.  Join us for Cornerstone TeleVision's unique program entitled, ORIGINS, and
then decide for yourself the truth about your human origins.  These new programs seen on Cornerstone Television Network and our affiliates throughout the world, continue to offer a forum to use scientific evidence to validate the truth of creation.

Donn Chapman reminds us,
“It’s God’s view that He created you… and that should be your worldview too!”

Part 2 - This download includes the following TV episodes, 30 min. each:

Origins - Age of the Earth - Intro to R.A.T.E. with Dr. Larry Vardiman
Origins - Analyzing an Outdated Theory [ Evolution ] with Ralph Muncaster
Origins - Creation vs Evolution with Dr. Brad Harrub
Origins - Evolution Indoctrination with Dr.  Brad Harrub
Origins - Galileo with Dr Jerry Bergman
Origins - Making the Case for Creation with Ron Rhodes
Origins - The Scopes Monkey Trial with Dr. David Menton
Origins - Was your Ancestor an Ape
Origins - Where Darwin Went Wrong with Dr. Steve Austin
Origins - Where did the Idea Come From
This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 



