English | CBR | 4 Issues

Classic Popeye #1-4 (2012)
Publisher:  IDW Publishing
Publication Date:  August 15, 2012 - November 14, 2012

Classic Popeye #1
Representing the classic Popeye #1 from 1948 by Bud Sagendorf! This collector's item begins a reprinting of the complete Sagendorf's Popeye comic book series, nearly 100 issues long! Carefully reproduced from the original comic books and lovingly restored. Eat your spinach!

Popeye Classics #2
Classic Popeye stories by Bud Sagendorf, the long-time assistant to Popeye's creator E.C. Segar, are back! A meticulously faithful reprint of Popeye #2 from May-June 1948 includes a long rousing action-packed story "That's What I Yam" starring Popeye and Swee'pea and a howler comic "Easy Money" Starring Popeye and his Pappy. Plus you'll find those glorious Sagendorf one-pagers in the cartoonist's gloriously funny writing and drawing style! Sagendorf comics are great comics!

Popeye Classics #3
Is this a horror comic or a humor comic? Chills or chuckles?! You'll have to decide when you read what its great cartoonist Bud Sagendorf described as "a mysterious mystery entitled 'Ghost Island!' An amphibious tale of phantoms and monsters of the darkness-starring POPEYE!" But wait, there's more! Bud introduces a second story by penning these words: "Thimble Theater presents a heart-warming homespun tale of pugilistic love entitled SMASH!" This arf-filled issue of vintage One-Eyed Sailor, Olive Oyl and Swee'pee comics also includes the usual wonderful Sagendorf one-pagers and a very special way-cool map of Popeye's adventures.

Popeye Classics #4
Is that a cool cover or WHAT?!? And the insides of this comical comic comic are every bit as awesome! The first story, "Dead Valley," has plenty of Popeye's twister-sock punches Old West Style. And the second story, "Gift from Uncle Ben," features a fantastical and funny creature called a Zoop that will delight fans of the Jeep and the Wiffle Bird! Plus, three boffo one-eyed sailor one pagers--all by The World's Greatest Popeye Cartoonist, Bud Sagendorf!