How to Photograph the Canadian Rockies
Designed to get you to the most photogenic places in the Canadian Rockies in the best light and based on Darwin Wiggett's best selling book, How to Photograph the Canadian Rockies, these eBooks are fully updated with new locations, GPS data, tips and techniques for each stop. A "must-have" companion photographic travel guide.

***

The Icefields Parkway Winter Edition eBook
This eBook contains all the information youΓÇÖll need to make the most of your photographic adventure in winter along CanadaΓÇÖs famous Icefields Parkway in Banff and Jasper National Park, Alberta. YouΓÇÖll learn which winter month is the best for your trip as Darwin discusses the pros and cons of visits in December, January, February and March, and April. In addition there are references on where to stay and how to prepare for your winter trip.

For each location, 25 in total, Darwin provides precise instruction on how to get there (mileage and GPS coordinates), what month, time of day and lighting conditions are best for that specific location, and finally a detailed description of what to expect and how to photograph the location. Of course each location is illustrated with beautiful photography. The locations covered include iconic spots as well as lesser known stops and a few of DarwinΓÇÖs secret favourites.

Sprinkled throughout the eBook are several photo tips designed to help you make the most of your time in winter along the Icefields Parkway. And finally the eBook has links to further resources so you can learn more about photographic technique.

For The Icefields Parkway in the summer seasons, refer to this eBook: 
http://www.howtophotographthecanadianrockies.com/guides/the-icefields-parkway/

***

What are eBooks? (PDF, ePub & mobi)
The intentions of these eBooks were designed to be viewed in the PDF format but we understand that PDFs can be difficult to read on many mobile devices with smaller screens. We also acknowledge that as tour guides, these books should travel with you and not necessarily be a one time read. For this reason, we are including plain unformatted text versions of the eBooks in the ePub and Mobi format for better reading on your iPhone, Kindle and similar devices.