Format: MKV



Runtime: 1 Hour 51 Minutes


 
http://s16.postimage.org/omh5vy4px/image.jpg
 
http://s16.postimage.org/vqyz4zbz9/image.jpg
 
http://s16.postimage.org/qgu0dorqd/image.jpg


Beaconsfield ΓÇô A True Story
World Premiere, Channel 9, April 22nd 2012

On Anzac Day 2006 the Beaconsfield mine collapsed, trapping Todd Russell, Brant Webb and fellow miner Larry Knight one kilometre underground. When it was revealed that two of the men were alive, Australia prayed and the world waited in hope that the miners would make it out alive. But the rescue was far more complex than anyone ever imagined.

Beaconsfield recounts this riveting story of mental and physical fortitude and two very different men who were trapped together for 14 days under rubble in a cramped, pitch-black metal basket no bigger than a dog kennel.

It tells the story from the perspective of rescuers Matthew Gill and Pat Ball, who with their expert teams, were required to devise a failsafe plan for a rescue unlike anything attempted before.

A production still from the Ch9 telemovie 'Beaconsfield' starring Shane and Lachy Hulme Gill and Ball set about developing a meticulous strategy that would bring Russell and Webb to the surface. The telemovie also involves the minersΓÇÖ wives and children who waited anxiously to find out if they would see their husbands and fathers again.

On May 9, 2006, at 5.58am, Australia celebrated as Todd Russell and Brant Webb emerged from the mine shaft. Tragically their colleague, Larry Knight, was laid to rest the same day. Shane Jacobson stars as Brant Webb, Lachy Hulme stars as Todd Russell, other cast include: Steve Knight, Cameron Daddo, Sacha Horler, Michala Banas.

Beaconsfield was produced for the Nine Network by Southern Star John Edwards (Paper Giants, Love My Way) and Jane Liscombe (Last Ride, Cracker Bag). It has been written by Judi McCrossin (The Secret Life of Us, The Surgeon) and is directed by Glendyn Ivin (Last Ride, Offspring).



THIS IS A DVD RIP I WILL BE UPLOADING THE WHOLE DVD WITHIN THE NEXT FEW WEEKS


