                   



                          PART  433


            CULTURE CLUB  -  Do You Really Want to Hurt Me" (1982) 
            CULTURE CLUB  -  Karma Chameleon  (1983)
            CULTURE CLUB  -  Move Away  (1986)
            JESUS LOVES YOU  -  Generations of Love  (1990)   



    "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me" is a song recorded by Culture Club and was released as a single from the album "Kissing to Be Clever". This was Culture Club's first success, after their first two releases, "White Boy" and "I'm Afraid of Me" charted in the UK at #114 and #100 respectively. According to George, it was their last chance to get an album deal.
The song was picked up by BBC Radio 2 and became a UK number one single for three weeks in October 1982. The song reached number two on the American Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in March 1983 (kept from the number one spot by Michael Jackson's smash hit "Billie Jean") and number one in the Canadian RPM listing on the 5th of the same month. It was also number one in Australia. The video for the song featured lead singer Boy George on trial in a courtroom, with flashbacks to a 1936 nightclub and a 1957 health club. The jury was in blackface making jazz hands gestures. One band member, Mikey Craig, was not in the video, and was replaced by his brother Greg.
   "Karma Chameleon" is a song by Culture Club, featured on the group's 1983 album "Colour by Numbers". In the United Kingdom, it became the second Culture Club single to reach the top of the UK Singles Chart (after "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me"), where it stayed for six weeks in September and October 1983, and became the UK's biggest-selling single of the year 1983 . The song spent three weeks at #1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 starting on 4 February 1984, becoming the group's biggest hit and only US #1 among their many top ten hits. "Karma Chameleon" was also a huge global hit, hitting #1 in sixteen countries worldwide, and the top ten in several more.The song won Best British Single at the 1984 Brit Awards.
    "Move Away" is the first single from Culture Club's fourth album, 1986 "From Luxury to Heartache". The song became the group's eighth top-ten hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number seven. It reached number twelve on the Billboard Hot 100, It was their best performing single in that country since Miss Me Blind and it was also their last chart success in USA and hit the top ten in many countries including Canada (#4), Italy (#10) and Australia (#10).   

   After Boy George left the band Culture Club, he tried to start a solo career. He succeeded with the singles taken from his debut album "Sold" in 1987. For the next two albums he wanted to break out in a new direction, by dabbling in electronic dance music. The singles taken from the two albums didn't attain much commercial success, but on the other hand they were often played at clubs.In order to achieve commercial success again, Boy George founded the band "Jesus Loves You" together with other musicians. He thought the band would be more successful if nobody knew that he was the leader of the band. Boy George adopted the pseudonym "Angela Dust". The first three singles by Jesus Loves You only had modest success in the UK singles chart : "After the Love" (1989), "Generations of Love" and "One on One" (1990). In late 1991 remixes of "Generations of Love" and "After the Love" were released as singles.    