Year: 2001
Country: Germany
Genre: Fetish, Gang Bang, Fisting, Oddities, 2002 AVN Award Winner
Duration: 1:00:46
Directed by: Stephan Wolfe
Studio: Sticky Video
Starring: Amazing Ty, etc.
Description: The first ever peehole gangbang .... a honest to goodness urethral gangbang with the guys actually cumming multiple times inside Ty's bladder and she pisses out the cum!! This is an amazing video and will become a collector's item ... You will not believe your eyes as you can clearly see the guys penetrating and fucking Ty's peehole one after another ....
Ty Handles Multiple Creampies Deep In Her Urethra See Her Piss Out The Sperm
Once in a lifetime do you ever get a chance to watch a girl so cutting edge, sexually that you will find yourself rewinding and replaying her video over and over because you will not believe your eyes ... The judges at AVN thought so as well and gave this video an award in Jan. 2002 ... Ty takes a succession of big dicks in her urethra and it is clearly caught on video ....
Non-Stop Peehole Fucking Actually See The Cum Inside Her Bladder
Your friends will not believe you when you tell them what you saw in this video ... it is so unbelievable ... but this is the world's first and only urethral gangbang and this girl gets her peehole repetitively fucked and loads of cum dumped inside her peehole ... this video is a MUST HAVE!
The first peehole gangbang .... honor for excellence urethral gangbang with the guys actually cumming multiple times in a bubble, and Ty's urine including her! This is - an amazing video and will be an instance of the collection ... You will not believe your eyes as you can clearly see the guys penetrating and fucking peehole Ty's one after the other ....
Ty Handles Multiple Creampies Deep In Her See Her urethra Urine Sperm
Once in a lifetime do you ever get the chance to watch the girl as a blade, sexually that you rewind and replay the video of her many times, because you will not believe your eyes ... Judges in AVIATION thought so as well, and gave this video an award in January 2002 ... Ty takes a sequence of big dicks in her urethra and it is clearly caught on video ....
Without stopping Peehole, Banging In fact, including the internal part of the See Her Bubble
Your friends will not believe you when you tell them what you saw in this video ... it is so unbelievable. .. but it is - the first and only urethral gangbang in the world, and this girl is fucking her peehole and goods including re-dumped in her peehole ..., this video - a must have!
PROMT
Details - on screen. Enjoy!
Quality: DVDRip
Video format: AVI
Video Codec: XviD
Format: MP3
Video: 448x336 (1.33:1), 29.970 fps, XviD build 50 ~ 1218 kbps avg, 0.27 bit / pixel
Audio: 48 kHz, Microsoft MPEG, 2 ch, ~ 384.00 kbps avg

screens

 
http://50.97.164.34/IR7UE