Cake - Love You Madly [promo].VOB


HQ very rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Love You Madly"  is a single from Comfort Eagle, the fourth studio album by American band Cake. It was released on 24 July 2001. Comfort Eagle was Cake's first release on Columbia Records.

On its opening week, Comfort Eagle sold about 72,000 copies, debuting at number 13 on the Billboard 200. On February 2, 2003 the album was certified gold by the RIAA for shipments of half a million copies.

Cake is an American alternative rock band from Sacramento, California. Consisting of singer John McCrea, trumpeter Vince DiFiore, guitarist Xan McCurdy, bassist Gabe Nelson and drummer Paulo Baldi, the band has been noted for McCrea's sarcastic lyrics and deadpan voice, DiFiore's trumpet parts, and their wide-ranging musical influences, including country music, Mariachi, rock, funk, Iranian folk music and hip-hop.

Cake was formed in 1991 by McCrea, DiFiore, Greg Brown, Frank French and Shon Meckfessel, who soon left and was replaced by Nelson. Following the self-release of its debut album, Motorcade of Generosity, the band was signed to Capricorn Records in 1995 and released its first single, "Rock 'n' Roll Lifestyle", which hit number 35 on the Modern Rock Tracks music chart and was featured on MTV's 120 Minutes; French and Nelson then left the band, and were replaced by Todd Roper and Victor Damiani. Cake's second album, Fashion Nugget, was released in 1996; on the strength of the lead single, "The Distance", which went platinum. Following a tour of Europe and the United States, both Brown and Damiani announced they were leaving Cake, which led to speculation about the band's future; McCrea eventually recruited Xan McCurdy to take over on guitar, and persuaded Nelson to return.

After creating its own label, Upbeat Records, the band released Showroom of Compassion in 2011, which became its first album to debut at the top of the Billboard charts, selling 44,000 copies in the first week after release.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comfort_Eagle 
      
http://bayimg.com/NACeEaaEK 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 7800kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:04:25




*Install the "Media Player Classic Home Cinema" player if you can't play this 
 file, or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
 It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.3


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*   
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	