Spec Ops: The Line is a new original title from 2K Games that features provocative and gripping Third-Person modern military Shooter gameplay designed to challenge players’ morality by putting them in the middle of unspeakable situations where unimaginable choices affecting human life must be made. Features include, a gripping, storyline reminiscent of Apocalypse Now and Heart of Darkness but set in a ruined Dubai, tactical squad-based Delta Force gameplay throughout a horizontally and vertically oriented world, devastating sandstorms which can be used in combat, a variety of multiplayer modes and maps, and deep support featuring two factions.

It’s been 6 months since Dubai was wiped off the map by a cataclysmic sandstorm. Thousands of lives were lost, including those of American soldiers sent to evacuate the city. Today, the city lies buried under sand, the world’s most opulent ruin. Now, a mysterious radio signal is picked-up from Dubai, and a Delta Recon Team is sent to infiltrate the city. Their mission is simple: Locate survivors and radio for Evac. What they find is a city in the grip of war. To save Dubai, they’ll have to find the man at the heart of its madness—Col. John Konrad.

Minimum

OS: Windows XP SP3
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 equivalent
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 6 GB free
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 8600 / ATI Radeon HD 2600XT (256 MB memory)
DirectX®: 9.0
Sound: DirectX Compatible
Additional: Initial installation requires one-time internet connection for Steam authentication; software installations required (included with the game) include: STEAM Client, Microsoft Direct X, Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable, Visual C++ 2005 SP1 RedistributableCompatible

Title: Spec Ops: The Line
Genre: Action, Adventure
Developer: Yager
Publisher: 2K Games
Release Date: Jun 26, 2012
Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Russian, Spanish

Spec Ops The Line-SKIDROW
Size: 6.90 GB

SEEED and ENJOY by T.F.K team