The 1969 concept album from Flaming Youth. The band is only really notable for being Phil Collins' original band. Anyway, love this album, should have had more recognition at the time.

This album also contains 2 bonus tracks, both in mono. Everything has a CBR of 320.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 ABOUT THE ALBUM
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Performers:

(Flash) Gordon Smith – Guitar, 12 string, Bass Guitar, Vocal.
Ronnie Caryl – Bass Guitar, 12-string Guitar, Vocal.
Brian Chatton – Organ, Piano, Vocal.
Phil Collins – Drums, Percussion, Vocal.

Tracklisting:

1. GUIDE ME ORION: The bird in the well-remembered garden vainly tempts the traveller to stay. But the astronaut has his sights fixed on Orion the Hunter, brightest constellation in the sky, and the spacecraft lifts off.

2. EARTHGLOW: A nostalgic song of farewell to Earth as its beauty dwindles, blue and cloudspun, behind the astronaut and his crew.

3. WEIGHTLESS: Now they really are beyond Earth's influence, suspended between the pull of the past and the lure of the future.

4. THE PLANETS: As astrologers and a whole Holst of composers and writers have assured us, the planets have characters of their own, exerting their influence on Earth, their strength diluted by the distance and each other's powers. But ever since their colonization by man they have become corrupted by earthly values and they too are doomed. In passing, here’s a brief survey of the Solar scene.

Mars – Bringer of War: Even in an age of enlightenment, bloody pointless wars continue: men apparently still must fight and die ingloriously.

Venus – Bringer of Peace: Love has become more sexual titillation – more orgasms than ever, and less satisfaction.
Mercury – The Winged Messenger has a familiar message – the reduction of electronic marvels to the ultimate in inanity. Communication and non-communication have become one.

Jupiter – Bringer of Jollity: Tranquility and a sort of soggy happiness are induced and maintained by the latest stimulants and sedatives. Turning on has become as routine as an old-time cocktail party way back when.

Saturn – Bringer of Old Age: Thanks to the strange skills of transplant surgery a man’s body can attain piecemeal immortality. But burnt-out brain cells can’t be replaced. Not just yet.

Uranus – The Magician: The analyst’s couch is the sole refuge for the disturbed personality; all deviations from the norm can be explained away and fixed up; perfect integration – but dull.

Neptune – The Mystic has become a substitute for God, constantly inciting man to more lunatic antics in his search for The Meaning Of It All.

5. CHANGES: At last the astronaut has passed the known solar system and must face himself in unchartered space. No map references here: his trip has really begun.

6. PULSAR: The barren, burnt-out, black failed star brings on almost overwhelming despair. Like the sirens of old she urges the travelers towards destruction.

7. SPACE CHILD: Suddenly, after all, there is a future, for here is the first child born in space. And he has no hang-ups about the past, accepting life with innocent trust.

8. IN THE LIGHT OF LOVE: Now the astronaut and his crew are renewed by the power of love – the quality that makes humanity viable in any time or space.

9. FROM NOW ON (Immortal Invisible): Although no final destination is in sight the voyagers travel hopefully. Maybe this time man really is learning. Perhaps he can even hang on to his hard-won insight.

10. MAN, WOMAN, AND CHILD (Bonus Track)

11. DRIFTING (Bonus Track)