KIRBY UNLEASHED:  Published by Communicators Unlimited in 1971, this Jack Kirby portfolio is a must have for any collector of anything Kirby.
Originally put together by the King's assistants, Steve Sherman and Mark Evanier, this book is a real smorgasbord of Kirby material:  text pieces; original penciled pages; a color gallery; photos; covers; newspaper strips; pin-ups; character sketches, and more!
I cannot imagine any comic artist who benefits more from the treasury format.  Kirby's work seems to threaten to break out of the pages of a normal size comic, and the extra space just gave Jack that much more room to put things in.

THE JACK KIRBY TREASURY VOLUME 1:  Published in 1982 by Pure Imagination NYC, and written by Greg Theakston, The Jack Kirby Treasury Volume 1 covers the years 1917 to 1948.  It’s a black and white publication (with a full color center spread of the unpublished Stuntman series) and includes a plethora of art, and The Jack Kirby Checklist A – J.  Peruse and enjoy 56 pages covering just part of the life and times of Jack “King” Kirby’s illustrious career.  This is an extraordinary book, but this torrent is only the first of two Kirby treasury volumes printed.  If you can find a copy of the 96 page Volume 2 online somewhere, please let me know.

JACK KIRBY QUARTERLY:  There was always a special, warm place in my heart for Great Britain’s late-lamented Jack Kirby Quarterly... which, even when it was still being published, was anything but quarterly.  Still, the JKQ was always a nice companion mag to Jack Kirby Collector, which has often emphasized large-scale reproduction of classic Kirby pencils and art over scholarly analysis.  Not so with the JKQ.  As is often the case, the Europeans tend to look deeper into our own art forms than do the Americans who invented them.  This torrent consists of all the Jack Kirby Quarterly issues I could find, including the spectacular 15th Anniversary issue.  (If anyone can find the rest of them, please let me know.  I would love to fill in these gaps in my collection.)

JACK KIRBY MASTERWORKS:  11 x 20 oversized. 56 pages. B&W. First published in April, 1979.  Features selected pages from the Privateer Press celebration, including many previously unpublished works of Jack Kirby.  Front Cover art by Jack Kirby and inked by Walt Simonson.

ORBIT:  Jack Kirby was the king of comics, and his impact on entertainment is still being felt today.  Read the story of how he started in the slums of New York City, went on to be used by an industry he helped to create, and ended up in the hearts of people worldwide.

Enjoy, and please seed. 
