Developed by : RailSimulator.com | Type of distribution : Add-On | Language : English | Year : 2012 | Compatibility : TS2013 | Genre: Simulation | Release Date: 23 Nov 2012

About the Game
The Union Pacific RailroadΓÇÖs Big Boy 4-8-8-4 steam locomotive is undoubtedly the beast of American railroading history, and this epitome of heavy haulage is now available for Train Simulator with a number of challenging scenarios for the Sherman Hill route.

In the early 1940s, Union Pacific Railroad (UP) sought to build a locomotive capable of hauling heavy freight trains across Wyoming without the need for double heading and helper operations over the 1.55% gradient of Sherman Hill and the Wasatch mountain region. Adaptations of the previous Challenger Class locomotives showed that larger fireboxes, longer boilers and more driving wheels achieved their aims. What followed was the monster Big Boy with its articulated wheel configuration, huge water tank and 68in (173cm) driving wheels.

In 1941, Alco Locomotive Works delivered 20 Big Boys and another five were put into service in 1944. Although rarely run at such a speed, the Big Boy was capable of an 80mph top speed and towards the end of their life were regularly hauling more than 4,000 tons up the Wasatch gradient unassisted. The last revenue service by a Big Boy was in July 1959 and eight of the original 25 locomotives have been preserved in the USA.

The Union Pacific Big Boy V2.0 is available for Train Simulator in the famous UP black livery with accurate locomotive simulation, detailed cab interior, full TSX effects, and new smoke and steam particle emitters.

The Sherman Hills Add-On (available separately) is required to play the scenarios included with this Add-On.

Scenarios
Five scenarios for the Sherman Hill route:

Big Boy Introduction
Big Boy Local Work Granite to Cheyenne
Big Boy on Sherman Hill Part 1
Big Boy on Sherman Hill Part 2
Big Boy working Laramie Cement

How to Install:

Train Simulator 2013 (Will only work with a cracked edition)
In the game folder ("... Steam steamapps common railworks") to find and run the application Utilities. Next, go to the tab "Package Manager" (Package Manager), click on "Install" (Install), in the dialog box to find the right package. 2. Copy the attached file *. ncf in folder "... Steam steamapps"

Visit Us At: 
http://www.railgamer.co.uk

Like Us On Facebook:

More Torrents over at: 
http://1337x.org/user/RailGamer/