Follow my uploads here:                           
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Color Splash Effect lets you quickly and easily give photos a dramatic look by converting them to black and white, while keeping your chosen details in color. This effect draws the viewers' attention to the colored areas, creating striking images.

Most selective coloring apps give you 2 painting choices: Gray or original color. Color Splash Effect gives you this PLUS the ability to paint nearly ANY color!

Features:

    Share your edited images on Facebook.
    Save multiple sessions to resume your work later.
    Undo any number of accidental brush strokes.
    An alternative view mode highlights the regions that will remain in color with a red tint. This makes it easier to see and adjust the boundaries between color and black & white regions.
    Choose from 4 different brushes (hard or soft edged, opaque or transparent)
    Work in landscape or portrait orientation.
    Hide the toolbars in full screen mode.
    Optimized for tablets
    Pinch zoom(zoom with fingers)
    Scalable brush size
    Change colors of your photos

What is more than others

    Provides highest resolution results.
    Provides landscape and portrait mode.
    Two different user interface designs, one for phones and one for tablets.
    Tablet design provide more space for photos.
    Most realistic color replace operation unlike other apps.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 8, 2012)

    13 new effects
    Total 25 effects
    New Adjustment tools
    Contrast adjustment
    Warmth adjustment
    Brightness adjustment

Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                By bobiras2009		