Book Description
This book introduces programmers to objects at a gradual pace. The syntax boxes are revised to show typical code examples rather than abstract notation. This includes optional example modules using Alice and Greenfoot. The examples feature annotations with dos and don’ts along with cross references to more detailed explanations in the text. New tables show a large number of typical and cautionary examples. New programming and review problems are also presented that ensure a broad coverage of topics. In addition, Java 7 features are included to provide programmers with the most up-to-date information.

From the Back Cover
No one brews up a better Java guide than Cay Horstmann, and in this Fourth Edition of Big Java he’s created his best one yet. Thoroughly updated to include Java 7, this edition of Horstmann’s best-selling text helps students absorb computing concepts and programming principles, develop strong problem-solving skills, and become better programmers, all while exploring the elements of Java that are needed to write real-life programs.In preparing the new edition, special attention was given to the quality and variety of exercise material- from skill-oriented multiple-choice questions to short code-completion exercises to multi-step lab exercises-offering instructors more ways to engage students at different levels, and providing more practice to students who need it.

A top-notch introductory text for beginners, Big Java, Fourth Edition is also a thorough reference guide for students and professionals alike to Java technologies, Internet programming, database access, and many other areas of computer science.

NEW TO THIS EDITION:

How To sections walk through the steps to solving a problem, and Worked Examples apply these steps to motivational examples such as credit-card processing.
Examples Tables present a variety of uses and special cases in a compact format.
Common Errors, Tips, and Special Topics make it easy to refer back to topics when solving problems.
Annotated Syntax Boxes call out features of typical example code to draw students’ attention to the key elements of the syntax.
Chapters have been revised to focus each section on a specific Learning Objective. Sections have been shortened to present the concepts and syntax and how they are applied.
Early chapters have been thoroughly revised to provide more examples and concrete analogies.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1. Introduction
Chapter 2. Using Objects
Chapter 3. Implementing Classes
Chapter 4. Fundamental Data Types
Chapter 5. Decisions
Chapter 6. Iteration
Chapter 7. Arrays and Array Lists
Chapter 8. Designing Classes
Chapter 9. Interfaces and Polymorphism
Chapter 10. Inheritance
Chapter 11. Input/Output and Exception Handling
Chapter 12. Object-Oriented Design
Chapter 13. Recursion
Chapter 14. Sorting and Searching
Chapter 15. An Introduction to Data Structures
Chapter 16. Advanced Data Structures
Chapter 17. Generic Programming
Chapter 18. Graphical User Interfaces (Advanced)
Chapter 19. Streams and Binary Input/Output (Advanced)
Chapter 20. Multithreading (Advanced)
Chapter 21. Internet Networking (Advanced)
Chapter 22. Relational Databases (Advanced)
Chapter 23. XML (Advanced)
Chapter 24. WEB Applications (Advanced)

Appendix A. The Basic Latin and Latin-1 Subsets of Unicode
Appendix B. Java Operator Summary
Appendix C. Java Reserved Word Summary
Appendix D. The Java Library
Appendix E. Java Syntax Summary
Appendix F. HTML Summary
Appendix G. Tool Summary
Appendix H. JAVADOC Summary
Appendix I. Number Systems
Appendix J. Bit and Shift Operators
Appendix K. UML Summary
Appendix L. Java Language Coding Guidelines
Glossary
Index

Book Details
Paperback: 1168 pages
Publisher: Wiley; 4th Edition (December 2009)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0470509481
ISBN-13: 978-0470509487
File Size: 20.3 MiB