 http://www.freeimage.us/image-98C6_4F369FA0.jpg

Cannon Fodder 3 (c) Kalypso 

Cannon Fodder 3 is a tactical action game, which inherited the style and traditions of the 
original game. The war goes on and its scale is nearly the same as before. 500 conscripts 
are sent to meet their destiny What awaits them? A general's stars or a bed of honor? 

These 21st century soldiers are equipped much better than their 1994 predecessors. They have 
8 types of machinery, suitable for land surface and airborne operations, as well as 17 types 
of weapon from assault rifles to the nuclear bomb. 

Skirmishes take place all around the world and even in space! You'll fight throughout the day 
and night, in hot and cold weather in snow and rain. The enemy is skilled - there're terrorists 
from all over the world and they have cutting-edge technologies at their disposal: teleportation 
and various mechanized combat systems. Our heroes will face great challenges - artillery strikes,
insuperable force fields automated turrets, suicide soldiers and giant humanoid robots 

Your savvy will come in handy: your actions aren't limited to slaughter and destruction. You'll 
have to capture enemy vehicles and bases, save hostages and rescue convicts, hold the line and 
shoot back from the turrets search for data discs and spare parts, repair broken robots and 
bypass minefields. The high command carefully watches your operation's progress: missions can be 
aborted because of major offence; minor misbehavior will be reprimanded, and great achievements 
will be rewarded with medals and promotions. In the end, the very best soldiers will receive the 
greatest reward: they will return to home camp where warm army barracks hot army food, soft army 
bunks and a tender drill sergeant await them. Until the next time 

GAME fEATURES: 

8 types of controllable machinery 
17 types of weaponry, including tactical nuclear strikes and carpet bombings 
Achievement system 
Battles with unique bosses 
Combat progress leads to new ranks 
Special-purpose bonus items 
Day and night missions, weather effects 
Various locations: America, Asia, Russia, lunar and orbital bases 

RELEASE DATE: 02/2012 
PROTECTION: StarForce 
DISC(S): 1
GAME TYPE: Strategy 

INSTALL NOTES:

1. Burn or mount the image 
2. Install the game 
3. Copy over the cracked content from /Crack dir on disc to <install> dir 
4. Play the game 
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-D059_4F369FA0.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-25D1_4F369FA0.jpg