Bigasoft WebM Converter
 
Bigasoft WebM Converter is integrated of WebM/VP8 encoding and decoding. No matter you are looking for create high quality WebM file/VP8 video, or for convert WebM/VP8 videos to other video formats, Bigasoft WebM Converter will fulfill your task in a simple yet professional manner.

 
Bigasoft WebM Converter is an excellent and professional WebM encoder which can encode and create WebM file and VP8 video for HTML5 video from various video formats including convert to WebM/VP8 from MP4, MOV, AVI, 3GP, FLV, H.264, MKV, WMV, RM, RMVB, VOB, Xvid, DivX, HD, AVCH, MTS, TS, etc. With the WebM video encoder you can convert video to high-definition WebM video, standard-definition (SD) WebM video or lower resolution WebM video (under 640*480 pixels).

 
Bigasoft WebM Converter is also a powerful WebM decoder which can help you convert WebM/VP8 to many other videos such as MP4, MOV, AVI, 3GP, FLV, H.264, MKV, WMV, RM, Xvid, DivX, etc., and can extract music from WebM/VP8 and save as OGG, MP3, AAC, AC3, WAV, WMA, etc. Optimized preset profiles are available for a great variety of digital devices including iPod, iPhone, BlackBerry, Apple TV, Zune, PSP, PS3, Pocket PC, Creative Zen, Xbox, Archos and so on.

 
With Bigasoft WebM Converter, you may preview the movies before conversion, convert video segment, crop black margin, automatically turn off after conversion, merge chapters, select audio track and subtitle you preferred, adjust the parameters to customize output effect, capture your favorite scenes and more.
 

System Requirements
 

Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7
 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
 512MB RAM or more
 30MB free hard disk space for installation
 Super VGA (800 x 600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher
 
Homepage: http://www.bigasoft.com/webm-converter.html
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program.
2. Use given Key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.
 