Babyshambles - Fuck Forever [uncensored promo].VOB


Very HQ uncensored promo music video from a promo DVD. "Fuck Forever" is a song by Babyshambles. It was released as a single on 15 August 2005 and is their most successful single, peaking at #4 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was in danger of becoming a lost single due to its controversial title and lyrics, but it was eventually released and has become the closing number in the band's live sets. In May 2007, the NME placed "Fuck Forever" at number 24 in its list of the "50 Greatest Indie Anthems Ever".

This video was directed by Jez Murrell. Most of the promotional video for Babyshambles' second single was filmed on location at Spitalfields City Farm in east London, in June 2005.

At the beginning of the video there is a very brief segment featuring Patrick Walden talking to a girl in a cinema ticket booth in the style of a foreign film, complete with sub-titles and fluttering animated hearts.

The farm segment features a sharp suited and booted band milling around miming to the song, miscellaneous farm animals, goats running around, Union Jack draped and pork pie hat wearing donkeys and Pete Doherty twirling around wrapped in a Union Jack.

The video ends with Walden and the mysterious cinema girl meeting up at the "Victoria Palace Gates," sharing a kiss and romantically wandering off into the distance.

Babyshambles are an English indie rock band established in London. The band was formed by Pete Doherty during a hiatus from his former band The Libertines, but Babyshambles has since become his main project (although recently he has been focusing on his solo work and possibly a full-time Libertines re-union). Babyshambles has released two albums, three EPs and a number of singles.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fuck_Forever 
      
http://bayimg.com/oanlIAadN 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25fps 9000kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 384kbps
   Duration: 00:04:40




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated April 01, 2012!


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	
