The Ramones - Swallow My Pride [promo].VOB


HQ promo music video from a promo DVD. "Swallow My Pride" is a song from Leave Home, the second studio album by American punk rock band 

The Ramones. It was released on January 10, 1977 through Sire Records. The album features the classic Ramones songs "Pinhead" and "Gimme 

Gimme Shock Treatment". It is the only Ramones album to go through different incarnations on its original release, due to label 

controversy over the song "Carbona Not Glue".

The band had written most of the songs appearing on their first two albums by the time they were signed to Sire (as evidenced by the 

song listing of the 1976 live tracks appearing on the CD rerelease). They were placed roughly in chronological order on the first two 

albums; as explained by Johnny Ramone: "We recorded them in the order they were written; we wanted to show a slight progression in song 

structure."

Many fans and critics point to the more polished pop sensibilities of the second album as evidence of the band's evolving musical skill 

and style. The second album was recorded at the relatively upscale Sundragon Studios in Manhattan, New York.

The Ramones were an American rock band that formed in the New York City neighborhood of Forest Hills, Queens, in 1974. They are often 

cited as the first punk rock group. Despite achieving only limited commercial success, the band was a major influence on the punk rock 

movement both in the United States and the United Kingdom.

All of the band members adopted pseudonyms ending with the surname "Ramone", though none of them were related. They performed 2,263 

concerts, touring virtually nonstop for 22 years. In 1996, after a tour with the Lollapalooza music festival, the band played a farewell 

concert and disbanded. Little more than eight years after the breakup, the band's three founding members, lead singer Joey Ramone, 

guitarist Johnny Ramone, and bassist Dee Dee Ramone had died.
(video does not have any logos)


     
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leave_Home 
       
http://bayimg.com/eaOpGAadf 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9800kbps
   Audio: PCM 48000Hz stereo 1536kbps [DVD LPCM, 16 bit]
   Duration: 00:02:04




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Just updated April 01, 2012!


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*   
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 

