Keygen included.

Here I present UltimateDefrag 4.0.96.0

What’s New in Version 4

We’re proud to state that UltimateDefrag Version 4 is a revolutionary defragmentation software 
product. Here are some of the main new features since the previous version that continue to 
keep it at the forefront of hard drive defragmentation technology.

• Novice mode/expert mode. Right out of the box, UltimateDefrag4 now supports two 
types of users. Simple Mode is for users who do not need or want to manipulate all the 
advanced functions. Simple Mode simply requires the user to press start and UltimateDefrag 
will automatically, intelligently and optimally defragment your hard drive and layout files 
according to the simgle most advanced file placement algorithm developed at DiskTrix. Of 
course, for users wanting all the advanced features, Expert Mode gives them all to you so 
you can tweak your file placement and performance to your heart’s content.

• ability to accelerate specific applications Based upon application Name. 
Version 4 now scans your system for all installed applications and enables you to easily 
choose which applications you wish to accelerate based upon the application name from an 
easy-to-use list of all installed applications.

• many additional Ways to select files for high Performance and archive. We’ve 
included more custom methods for selecting files based upon your file usage patterns.

• ability to Perform file usage database maintenance operations. In order to 
conserve memory, you can now purge the file usage database for each drive. You can also 
choose whether or not you wish to use the file usage database in order to further conserve 
memory.

• actions after defrag Is complete. You can now enable to the program to shutdown 
your PC or put it to sleep mode after a defrag run is complete.

• logging and Indicators for When drive Was last defragmented.

• many other minor enhancements and Bug fixes. We’ve drilled right down into the 
code to correct any minor bugs as well as enhance and improve algorithms and perfor-
mance.

Steps to install:
1) Install UD4.
2) Run UD4 once and then exit.
3) Run the key/activator and hit activate.
4) Profit.