I have almost 1500 Underground comic books in a digital format. I will be restoring and uploading many of my favorites over the coming months. Any requests, just say the word.

So what does 'Restored' mean? Well with all due respect to the great and wonderful Sir Real (if you know the name, you know his power!), the pages of these books were not yellow when first printed. Newsprint? Yes, often they were. Cheap paper? Yeah, that too. But not yellow. 

So I'm going to be 'Restoring' a lot of the Underground books that I love. In most cases, the changes make the books look better than they did when they were originally printed. By turning the newsprint or cheap paper they were printed on to a bright white, with crisp, clear greys and blacks on top, they look very much like a b&w comic you would buy right off the shelf today.

This is accomplished by running the b&w pages through the PhotoScape Batch Editor. The Filters applied to the pages are; Grayscale (changes the image to greyscale); a 'Middle' setting on Auto Level (greatly improves the blacks); a 'Low' or +1 Sharpen (barely noticeable, even if you watch the changes take place). Color covers, back or interior pages are 'Restored' on a page by page basis. 

And even though I'm not really into scanner tags, out of respect for the huge amount of work he's done (or did - who knows how one so mysterious works?!), I have moved Sir Real's original front page to the back of each issue. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Issues 1-2 of 'Neil The Horse'

Aardvark-Vanaheim, 1983

By Arn Saba

Published by Aardvark-Vanaheim (Dave & Deni Sim at the time) of Cerebus fame.

Neil the Horse is a comic book character created by Canadian cartoonist Arn Saba (now Katherine Collins) in the mid 1970s. Neil is a happy, singing and dancing horse who likes bananas and milkshakes. Neil's adventures were syndicated in Canadian newspapers, published in a comic book series, and adapted for a radio musical.

The comic book series featured Neil and his friends Soapy and Mam'selle Poupée. All three of the characters sing, dance, and play music. The more developed comics stories primarily revolve around the trio's attempts to attain show-business success. While existing as a fantasy with nostalgic style, Neil the Horse also pays tribute to the era it was made (the 1980s). A typical issue included a story in prose with illustrations, a few short comic strips, and a longer comic-strip adventure. As the motto of Neil the Horse was "Making the World Safe for Musical Comedy" all issues also included original sheet music for the songs sung by the characters in the course of their adventures.

Neil is a happy go-lucky (and not too bright) horse with a mania for bananas. In some issues he breakdances in urban streets to the accompaniment of a boombox.

Mam'selle Poupée is a hopeless romantic living doll from France. Poupée's body is jointed like a Barbie figurine. With the red circles on her cheeks, curly hair, large bust and thin waistline, the French-accented Poupée appears to be a cross between Raggedy Ann and Dolly Parton. She wears headbands and works out à la Olivia Newton-John.

Soapy is street-wise and cynical (with a heart of gold), a cigar-smoker and a drinker, who serves as their manager and the brains of the operation.