Focus Photoeditor

Professional Photo-Editing Made Easy

No More Guessing in your daily image editing! Now you can get the results you have always wanted. With this professional and affordable image editing solution you will be able to turn any picture into a masterpiece and design creative projects. It is the right tools for both beginners and advanced users.

Ultimate Photo Enhancer

Focus Photoeditor has a full arsenal of tools for editing and correcting digital images, that will never leave you without options:

Quick Fix Wizard
Dynamic Exposure Correction
Smart Flash-Reduce Highlights
RGB curves
and much more..

When coming to automatic corrections our software is an excellent choice as well: try its Quick Fix, Auto Contrast, Auto Stretch, Auto Colors, Auto White Balance and many others. 

Focus Photoeditor 6 can read and correctly render pictures with Adobe RGB or any other embedded color profile. It also preserves Exif and IPTC information when saving to file.

In v. 6 a special attention and accurate tuning was put in every algorithm. With all its correction tools Focus Photoeditor will make your pictures look incredibly clean, sharp and perfectly balanced.

In Focus Photoeditor any editing tool can be used with color mode or with retouch mode. This gives you great flexibility in choosing the right tool for retouching different parts of a picture.

Very effective iAnti-RedEye retouch tool. Get rid of this annoying problem very quickly: select the eye color and choose the most suitable tool (for example a round brush or an ellipse..).
The Clone tool will let you remove unwanted details or duplicate existing ones.
It is possible to lighten or darken details, improve sharpness, increase saturation using any of the editing tools provided.

What makes Focus Photoeditor Really GREAT!

» Loads Fast, Start Editing your pictures Immediately!
» Very Easy to use once you familiarize with its interface. Gives you professional results.
» Supports over 100 digital camera RAW formats. (Click here for the list)
» Has the best set of Automatic Photo Corrections you could ask for.
» Uses High Quality- finely pre-tuned photo correction algorithms.
» Has a Batch Processor with the luxury of Undo Capabilities!
» Supports Layers and Selections
» Provides many options to save and export files (optimized size and preview for all formats)
» Offers a very comfortable picture browser with extended capabilities.
» Offers many extras, like a web-album builder

System Requirements:

Microsoft® Windows® 7, Vista, XP, or 98 (32-bit or 64-bit editions)
1 GHz processor or better
640 Mb of RAM
1 GB of free disk space
Minimum screen resolution: 800 x 600 (highly recommended higher resolution)

Homepage: http://nwspro.com/fp.htm

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.