Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/71000/photo-70024.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/71000/photo-70025.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/71000/photo-70026.jpg

Gas Guzzlers Combat Carnage-SKIDROW
Gas Guzzlers: Combat Carnage (c) Gamepires

19-05-2012....Release Date - Protection.................Nothing
Racing...........Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Gas Guzzlers: Combat Carnage is a fast-paced addictive combat racing
game for the PC.

The game is played from the behind the car camera perspective and
features many different vehicles, weapons, upgrades, on-track bonuses
as well as distinctive and astonishing environments. The player starts
with a low-performance vehicle and gradually works his way up by
earning money in a series of challenging races. With an initial amount
of money, the player buys his first car without upgrades.

Standard types of events/challenges are races, knock-outs and
tournaments. Some events have prerequisites that have to be met before
participating in the race (specific class, car type, car color, type of
weapon allowed, entry fee...).

And there are many secret events, cars and other mysterious stuff, but
thats all top secret and will not be disclosed

Features:

Gas Guzzlers: Combat Carnage has two basic modes of gameplay -
single-player and multi-player mode.

Single-player mode gameplay includes more difficulty levels and various
events / challenges that player unlocks while progressing through the
game.

The player unlocks new tracks, vehicles and weapons while progressing
through the game. In addition to the standard upgrades there are
on-track bonuses that a player can pick up during the race. These bonus
elements introduce the factor of unpredictability in the game itself.
Players have at their disposal several unique weapons that can be
upgraded on a similar principle as the vehicle itself. In addition to
customizing the weapon through upgrades, player can choose from several
types of ammunition and make his weapon even more deadly than before.
Gas guzzlers includes many challenging opponents and unique end level
bosses and features unique type of humor that adds additional value to
the game.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy