Brutal Fucking, Devastating Deep Throating, Incredible Category 5 Suspension, Catastrophic orgasms! | Alisha Adams | Matt Williams

December 24, 2012 
 
  
MP4 only.
    
 
Welcome Alisha Adams to Sexually Broken. Alisha is your typical girl next door, she lives in Oregon, has only done a hand full of adult shoots, but specifically asked to be a part of Sexually Broken after she saw a clip on the internet.

This girl really wanted to experience hard bondage and rough sex. In the real world that is almost impossible to find, safely. Here, we can give Alisha her ultimate fantasy in a consensual, safe environment. 

Brutally bound with her elbows together, wrists tied, a pantyhose mask, gagged, and blindfolded, Alisha is completely helpless. She is lying on her bound arms, and is being fucked right from the start. She moans through the gag as the cock pound her shaved, wet pussy. Each stroke brings a satisfying grunt from our helpless girl next door.

We pick up the tempo, fuck deeper, hitting the deep end of her pussy, she grunts hard and squirms a bit to escape the pounding. We grab on and fuck harder. Her breathing gets ragged, you can tell she is approaching orgasm, however, she doesn't get to cum yet.

We take off the gag, cut a hole in the nylon stocking so we can face fuck this girl into subspace. You can see the bulge in her throat as we push the cock all the way down her throat, over and over. We control her breathing with cock, we overwhelm her brain. She can do nothing as we use her mouth like a pussy. She struggles for breath, that long slippery spit you only get from rough face fucking is now all over her face. We toss her around and fuck her again, she cums with-in seconds.

We man handle her back and forth between skull fucking and pussy pounding. She is cum drunk and slipping farther into subspace. We own her body and mind with cock. Now it's time for the climax. We bring in some rope, and on screen, bind her into a beautiful Category 5 suspension before your eyes. One leg point up, and her body severely arched, being pulled in 4 different directions.

Her knee is being pulled up, her other ankle being pulled back, her bound arms pulled down, and her neck being pulled forward. Alisha is completely frozen in mid air, taunt as can be. We bring in the vibrator and make her cum over and over. There is nothing she can do but cum. She has been reduced to a mindless cum bot, stuck and suspended in time until we want to use her again...

MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM THE ENTIRE SEXUALLY BROKEN CREW, MAY NEXT YEAR, BE YOUR BEST YEAR! 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_24aadams2/SexuallyBroken-Alisha-Adams-Matt-Williams-Brutal-Fucking-Devastating-Deep-Throating-Incredible-Category-5-Suspension-Catastrophic-orgasms.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

