S K I D R O W

the leading force

proudly presents
Inquisitor (c) Cinemax

06-09-2012....Release Date <-> Protection.................Nothing
RPG..............Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Ultherst was once a peaceful, God-fearing land until the Three Scourges
of God came to pass as foretold by Saint Ezekiel, one of the twelve
followers of the First Prophet. First came the famine that devasted the
populace. Next came the plague that added more unfortunate souls on
Death's abacus. Finally came the great rain of fire, and death fell
down on sinner and innocent alike, blood flooding the streets in place
of water. The people, in their desperation, turned away from the Holy
Mother Church and delved deep into pagan decadence or succumbed to the
temptation of the Devil. You have been charged with the office of
Inquisitor. It is up to you to investigate crimes against the one true
faith and root out heresy--using any and all means necessary

Inquisitor is a unique blend of action-oriented combat with a deep and
involving tale of betrayal, torture, madness, and infernal damnation
Put your wits to the test as you collect evidence against possible
heretics and put them to trial once they have been charged. Use the
might of the Inquisition to extract a confession from your subjects
but be warned, use your power wisely or you will face the consequences

Features:

Three character classes--Paladin, Priest, and Thief--each with his own
unique and independent story

Wield the power of the Inquisition as you arrest heretics; use a
variety of tools-such as the iron maiden, suspension, and the rack-to
extract confessions and burn the heretics!

A wide, open-ended world for you to explore and exploit as you see fit

More than 200 weapons, 80 spells, and 7 schools of forbidden and
allowed magic!

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision