Eat3D – CryEngine 3 – Volume 1-3 – An Introduction and ApplicationWe are proud to announce the immediate release of 3 Volumes on CryENGINE 3 with over 17 hours of combined Instruction! You can buy all 3 Volumes and save 30%! Check out the bundle on the bundle page here: http://eat3d.com/bundles/cry3_bundle

Volume 1:  http://eat3d.com/cry3_intro_vol1
In this first DVD of our series, Hélder Pinto starts by walking you through many of the common features of CryENGINE 3 SDK like Customizing the User Interface, Folder Structure, Viewports, Entities, Panels, Objects and much more. Once a firm foundation has been placed, Hélder immediately begins going through the creation of an entire level from scratch. He begins by creating a custom terrain and from there goes into creating the lush vegetation. Other topics in the creation include using brushes, basic lighting, environment tab, fog volumes and finally water volumes. 

Volume 2:  http://eat3d.com/cry3_intro_vol2
In this second DVD of our series, Hélder Pinto continues where he left off on the creation of an entire level from scratch. Hélder starts off by placing particles in the scene and then goes into the “Boids” system to place things like flocks of birds. From there he goes into many other topics including decals, roads, prefabs, archetypes, placing automated doors and ropes, setting up sounds, using voxels, creating an entire cave scene, viz areas, environment cubemaps, reflections, clouds, materials and much more. Hélder concludes the level section by setting up the final lighting. 

Volume 3:  http://eat3d.com/cry3_intro_vol3
In this third DVD of our series, Hélder Pinto goes into more intermediate and advanced topics now that the first level is complete. Hélder starts off by explaining how to create and add custom decals, roads, and terrain layers to the level. From there he goes into deferred lighting, lightbox, environment cubemaps and probes for image-based lighting, heightmaps, using the CryTIF exporter, materials, advanced vegetation, and particle creation. Hélder then goes through the entire creation of a custom prop inside 3ds Max and then bringing it into the editor with materials. 

These DVD's  will provide you with an invaluable amount of information needed to start creating your own levels in CryENGINE 3 SDK today. 

About the Instructor: Hélder Pinto has been working with CryENGINE for over 4 years and has worked on games such as the award winning "Crysis 2" and "Under Siege". As a Level Artist, Hélder's speciality lays in having responsibility for the for the entire aesthetics of a level, while keeping a close eye on gameplay and performance. For more than a decade, Hélder has gained an enormous amount of experience and respect from within the community for for his outstanding character and artistic caliber. Hélder currently works at Crytek in Frankfurt, Germany on an unannounced project.