Accidentally deleted an important file? Lost something important when your computer crashed? No problem! Recuva recovers files deleted from your Windows computer, Recycle Bin, digital camera card, or MP3 player. 

 Recuva - Features
File Recovery

Undelete files on your computer
Deleted a file by mistake? Recuva brings lost files on your computer, USB drive, camera or iPod.  More...
Recovery from damaged or formatted disks
Even if you've formatted a drive so that it looks blank, Recuva can still find your files on it.  More...
Recover deleted emails
Emptied your email trash and need it back? Recuva's got you covered with full support for Microsoft Outlook Express, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Windows Live Mail.  More...
Recover deleted iPod music
Deleted music from your iPod or MP3 player? No problem, Recuva will get this back for you along with any additional track data.  More...
Restore unsaved Word documents
Did Microsoft Word crash or did you forget to save that important Word document. No problem with Recuva! As it can intelligently rebuild Word documents from their temporary files.  More...
Quick-Start Wizard
If you need your files back right away without fiddling with options, Recuva's Quick-Start Wizard is the answer.  More...
Deep Scan
Recuva can find most files within a minute. Or, set the Deep Scan to look for more deeply-buried results.  More...
Securely delete files you want to erase forever
Want to protect your deleted files? Recuva also allows you to permanently erase any traces of deleted files.  More...
Portable version
Take Recuva with you wherever you go with the portable version.  More...
Full Windows OS support and many languages
Recuva has support for every modern version of Windows and 37+ languages.  More...

 PC World
"If you just want a good un-delete program with a small disk footprint (and no financial cost), then Recuva is what you're looking for... the interface is the very model of restrained style and efficiency." 
Read the full review at: 
http://www.pcworld.com/downloads/file/fid,67538/description.html

Download Squad
"I like Recuva a lot. It's super-fast to install and to run. You just select a drive, and Recuva will scan for deleted files that have been deleted, including files that you've emptied from your recycle bin. If the file's recoverable, Recuva will tell you."
Read the full review at: 
http://www.downloadsquad.com/2007/01/20/recuva-files-you-accidentally-deleted/

LifeHacker
"Discovering your files are missing is never a good time. Last week we asked you to share your favorite data recovery tools, then we rounded up the top five for your perusal. The result?
User friendly Windows-based Recuva took home the crown for top data recovery tool."
Read the full review at: 
http://lifehacker.com/5239099/hive-five-winner-for-best-free-data-recovery-tool-recuva

MakeUseOf
"After using Recuva for a couple of days, I have ended up being very impressed with it. It is very fast with finding recoverable files and when you click on what you want brought back, it restores the file and sends it back to your hard drive within seconds."
Read the full review at: 
http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/restore-your-deleted-files-easily-with-recuva/