
                                     nERv


                        FIFA 13 Update v1.6 (c) EA

        12/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Secu/Crap/EA
              - :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Sports


Note: This release will update v1.5 of the game to v1.6.

FIFA 13 captures all the drama and unpredictability of real-world
soccer, and is driven by five game-changing innovations which
revolutionize artificial intelligence, dribbling, ball control and
physical play. It is the largest and deepest feature set in the history
of the franchise. These innovations create a true battle for possession
across the entire pitch, deliver freedom and creativity in attack, and
capture all the drama and unpredictability of the real-world game.

FEATURES
Attacking Intelligence - Players have the ability to analyse space, work
harder and smarter to break down the defense, and think two plays ahead.
Plus, players make runs that pull defenders out of position and open
passing channels for teammates.

Complete Dribbling - Face your opponent and use precise dribble touches
combined with true 360-degree mobility with the ball. Be more creative
and dangerous in 1v1 opportunities.

1st Touch Control - A new system transforms the way players control the
ball, eliminating near-perfect touch for every player, and creating more
opportunities for defenders to capitalise on errant balls and poor
touches to win back possession.


1. Unrar and copy files to your  dir, overwriting existing files.
2. Follow the following steps if you havn't already done them.
3. Before you start the game, use your firewall to block all exe files in
   the game's install directory from going online. Use the game setup
   before starting as well. It can be found in the following directory:
   Gamefifasetup
4. Play the game. While in game, avoid all of the online options. If you
   have Origin installed, it may start it up. If that happens, ignore the
   prompt, play offline, and don't login.
5. Enjoy!
[/pre]