                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Requirements: Android version 2.1 and higher
Overview: Design and simulate electronic circuits!


All joking aside, this time you will understand how electronic circuits work.

"I stumbled upon some serious gold" - GeekBeat.tv
"A fully realized circuit simulator" - EDA360 Insider

Build any circuit, tap play button, and watch dynamic voltage and current animations. This gives you insight into circuit operation like no equation does. While simulation is running, adjust circuit parameters with analog knob, and the circuit responds to your actions in real time. You can even generate an arbitrary input signal with your finger!

That's interactivity and innovation you can't find in best SPICE tools for PC like Multisim, LTspice, OrCad or PSpice (trademarks belong to their respective owners).

EveryCircuit is not just an eye candy. Under the hood it packs custom-built simulation engine optimized for interactive mobile use, serious numerical methods, and realistic device models. In short, Ohm's law, Kirchhoff's current and voltage laws, nonlinear semiconductor device equations, and all the good stuff is there.

Features:
+ Animations of voltage waveforms and current flows
+ Analog control knob adjusts circuit parameters
+ Automatic wire routing
+ Oscilloscope
+ Seamless DC and transient simulation
+ Single play/pause button controls simulation
+ Saving and loading of circuit schematic
+ Mobile simulation engine built from ground-up
+ Shake the phone to kick-start oscillators
+ Intuitive user interface
+ No Ads

Components:
+ Sources, signal generators
+ Resistors, capacitors, inductors
+ Switches, SPST, SPDT
+ Diodes, Zener diodes, light emitting diodes (LED)
+ MOS transistors (MOSFET)
+ Bipolar junction transistors (BJT)
+ Ideal operational amplifier (opamp)
+ Digital logic gates, AND, OR, NOT, NAND, NOR, XOR, XNOR

What's in this version:
Animation of capacitor charges
Potentiometer
Lamp
More convenient pulse source parameters
Fixed SPDT switch current animation
Fixed pulse source loading from earlier file versions


                                   By bobiras2009	