


In 1999, Lowery, Segel, and Krummenacher regrouped in the studio to assemble the experimental rarity set Camper Van Beethoven Is Dead. Long Live Camper Van Beethoven, which also contained some newly recorded material.[11] Segel and Krummenacher, along with Greg Lisher, also joined Cracker for a tour, featuring set lists fortified with Camper Van Beethoven material.

In 2002, the group played its first proper live shows in twelve years. With Lowery, Segel, Krummenacher and Lisher forming the core of the reunited lineup, two New York dates also featured Immerglück and two members of Cracker, drummer Frank Funaro and keyboardist Kenny Margolis. Three California dates omitted these latter three musicians and saw Pedersen return to the kit. Also in 2002, they released the double-CD Tusk, a re-recording of the entire Fleetwood Mac album of the same name. Although initially announced as a rediscovery of a series of 1987 demos, the album was in fact recorded in 2001 by Lowery, Segel, Krummenacher and Lisher as an experiment to see if the members could now work together peacefully.[12][not in citation given] Extensive touring (mostly with Margolis and Funaro) followed.

The group next released Cigarettes & Carrot Juice: The Santa Cruz Years, a five-disc box set compiling their first three (pre-Virgin) albums, Camper Vantiquities, and a live recording from 1990 they called Greatest Hits Played Faster. The latter recording featured live versions of several unreleased songs. Shortly thereafter, the band released "director's cut" versions of the first three records and Camper Vantiquities, whose deviations from the original versions included remastering, re-sequencing and additional demo and B-side tracks.

320 kbps


Disc: 1 
1. Over and Over 	
2. The Ledge 
3. Think About Me 	
4. Save Me a Place 	
5. Sara 	
6. What Makes You Think You're the One 	
7. Storms 	Listen
8. That's All for Everyone 	
9. Not That Funny 	
10.Sisters of the Moon 	
Disc: 2 	
1. Angel 	
2. That's Enough for Me 	
3. Brown Eyes 	
4. Never Make Me Cry 	
5. I Know I'm Not Wrong 
6. Honey Hi 	
7. Beautiful Child 	
8. Wallk a Thin Line 	
9. Tusk 	
10.Never Forget 