Discover all the security risks and exploits that can threaten iOS–based mobile devices
iOS is Apple′s mobile operating system for the iPhone and iPad. With the introduction of iOS5, many security issues have come to light. This book explains and discusses them all. The award–winning author team, experts in Mac and iOS security, examines the vulnerabilities and the internals of iOS to show how attacks can be mitigated. The book explains how the operating system works, its overall security architecture, and the security risks associated with it, as well as exploits, rootkits, and other payloads developed for it.

Covers iOS security architecture, vulnerability hunting, exploit writing, and how iOS jailbreaks work
Explores iOS enterprise and encryption, code signing and memory protection, sandboxing, iPhone fuzzing, exploitation, ROP payloads, and baseband attacks
Also examines kernel debugging and exploitation
Companion website includes source code and tools to facilitate your efforts
iOS Hacker′s Handbook arms you with the tools needed to identify, understand, and foil iOS attacks.


From the Back Cover
They can crack the code. Here′s how to stop them.

The world loves iOS. Users love the convenience. Black hats love the vulnerability. This book arms you with the knowledge and tools to protect your organization′s iOS devices. If you′re a developer, it will also help you create hack–resistant applications.

These highly qualified iOS experts review iOS security architecture, examine the internals, and reveal the vulnerabilities. They show you how iOS jailbreaks work and explore encryption, code signing and memory protection, sandboxing, iPhone fuzzing, exploitation, ROP payloads, and baseband attacks. Here′s a complete toolkit for defending your iOS devices.

Examine the internals and identify the vulnerabilities of iOS

Explore all the elements of encryption, vulnerability hunting, and exploit writing

Review some common payloads and see what can and can′t be done on iOS with ROP

Learn more about kernel debugging and exploitation, with an overview of kernel structure and a look at auditing IOKit drivers

Look at techniques for fuzzing PDF and PowerPoint® documents in MobileSafari

Study different jailbreak types

Companion website

Source code and additional tools are available at www.wiley.com/go/ioshackershandbook


About the Author
Charlie Miller is Principal Research Consultant at Accuvant Labs and a four–time CanSecWest Pwn2Own winner.

Dionysus Blazakis is an expert on iOS and OS X sandbox security mechanisms.

Dino Dai Zovi is coauthor of The Mac Hacker′s Handbook and a popular conference speaker.

Stefan Esser is a PHP security expert and leading researcher of iOS security topics.

Vincenzo Iozzo is an independent security researcher focused on Mac OS X and smartphones.

Ralf–Philipp Weinmann holds a PhD in cryptography and has an extensive security background.