 http://www.fit2fat2fit.com/

Torrent Includes:

The Fit2Fat2Fit Workout Videos and PDF's 
(Downloaded from fit2fat2fit.com and fit2fat2fit YouTube channel)

The Fit2Fat2Fit Book




"PURPOSE

This is my story of how I plan on going from being obsessed with being fit, to fat in 6 months and how I plan on showing everyone how to get back to fit again in 6 more months. My diet will be unrestricted and I will refrain from any exercise during my fat stage. I plan on putting on around 50-60 pounds. After those 6 months, I will be teaching people how to get back in shape by allowing everyone to follow my specific meal plans and workout plans on this site. I will be documenting my progress every step of the way and blogging about it, from weekly pics, measurements, and even allowing people to decide what fatty foods I should partake of during my fat stage.

BACKGROUND

I’ve always had a passion for fitness. My love of fitness began at an early age and through sports it became an addiction. Throughout college I gained more experience through not only sports, but college courses as well. This inspired me to become a certified personal trainer through NASM. I began training clients on both proper nutrition and workout plans as a side job that I still continue to do. I’ve had great success in working with people on their meal plans and workout plans that have helped them achieve their fitness goals.
GOAL

My goal is to inspire people to get fit, teach them how to do it and give them hope that it IS possible to get fit and stay fit. I want to share my comprehensive fitness knowledge with my followers so that they can know how to lose weight successfully, even though for many it’s going to be a struggle. People that are overweight have to overcome both physical and emotional barriers when it comes to losing weight. I hope to have a better understanding of this through my experience over the next year.

Also, I hope to better gain an understanding of how hard it really is to be overweight. I know it’s only going to be for 6 months, but at least it’ll give me a small window of the physical and emotional issues that come with being overweight."



PEACE ~ LOVE ~ HAPPINESS
