  This video was taken from you-tube, So the quality of the original was not the greatest, but it was not the worst. It is in FLV format. This is the fist video I have ever up-loaded. Feed back, is appreciated , let me know if it plays , etc.

  This is a very good documentary done by Archaeologist , E. Raymond Capt . 


The silent years of Jesus between 12 and 30 and an examination of the historical records concerning Joseph of Arimathea the great uncle of Jesus as a provincial Roman Senator and metal merchant. It was rumored that he owned many of the merchant ships that came to England from Rome and Phoenicia to barter for metal and other goods. Did Jesus accompany his uncle to this isle of the west? Mr. Capt reveals that there is substantial evidence to support that he did.

EXCERPT: One day a small boat from one of the large merchant ships anchored in the Bristol Channel tied up at the causeway of the Lake Village. A bearded man and a slim young boy in his early teens stepped ashore. They were no strangers to the villagers who crowded around to welcome them. The merchant had been coming by their village for many years on his way to the lead mines of the Mendip Hills. It was known that he held a very important position in the powerful Roman government and carried the title "Nobilus Decurio". It was rumored that he owned many of the merchant ships that came to these Isle of the West from Rome and Phoenicia to barter for metal and other goods

The auburn haired lad was also known. He had accompanied His uncle on a prior visit staying at the village and exploring the surrounding territory while His uncle conducted his business at the nearby Mendip lead mines. But this time a woman perhaps in her early thirties was with them. As the boy helped the woman ashore the crew proceeded to unload various sized chests and sacks obviously belonging to them. Accommodations were soon found and the baggage was carried to one of the tiny huts facing the estaury.

In the weeks that followed the merchant and the boy constructed a wattle hut similar to those of the village on a nearby island. The site they chose was at the base of a hill from which ran a spring of fresh water. Hawthorne and oak trees dotted the landscape. Small game and fish were in abundance and the marshy fertile shores promised bountiful crops. When the hut was finished the woman and the boy moved from the village to their new home. The merchant and his men sailed away.


If you would like to order this documentary . It can be found here :

The Shepherd's Chapel  1 - 800 - 643 - 4645.   I don't know the item number, so just ask for the Traditions of Glastonbury Video documentary.        Enjoy. 



