Translates entire books

English-Spanish Interpreter es un interpretador con la capacidad de realizar 
Inglés-Spanish Interpreter is an interpreter with the ability to perform translation from Spanish to English and vice versa.
 When looking excellent results in their translations, this application is fully recommended, since the percentage of accuracy is much higher than that of other programs of its kind since the time of making an interpretation, it has account the context in which we do the work.
 Easy installation and intuitive interface Inglés-Spanish Interpreter is the right choice for projects in another language, and with the possibility of being able to load specific dictionaries, the software is not limited to the vocabulary installed by default.

Essential Requirements for Software Operation:
 - Processor: Pentium II 450 MHz
 - Memory: 64 MB.
 - 200 MB of free disk.

Features:

Context Sensitive
 Instead of translating literally translates contextually ESI using Artificial Intelligence, which results in higher quality and precision.
Interactive Mode
 Available only in the Professional version. Translated sentence by sentence, word by word, and receive options for words and phrases on the fly. You will have total control over the process and result of translation.
TM.
 Available only in the Professional version. Allows the user to customize the program predefining translations and meanings for any word or phrase and enables the program to remember the settings for future sessions.
Colossal Domestic Dictionary
 600,000 translations, more than 4 million 1.3 million synonyms and conjugations included in the ESI database, able to take care of any translation job. Furthermore, adding the dictionaries, may have more technical translations 200.000.
Huge collection of idioms / phrasal verbs
 


The largest collection of phrasal verbs, idiomatic expressions and more available today allows ESI to provide translations that meet not only with grammar and context, but also with the language and cultural nuances of each language. Including approximately 225,000 idioms.
Other tools in the toolbox: Spelling Reviewers
 Reviewers also include spelling and age ¼ AmbigÃƒÂ Spanish, which helps polish the source document to avoid generating unwanted translations.
Supports various types of files
 ESI supports files of type MS-Word ®. Y.RTF DOC, and includes plug-ins for Microsoft Word and Excel.
Text-to-Speech: Pronunciation lingue vi
 ESI pronounce words, sentences and whole documents in both English and Spanish.
Add words
 Increase your database manually adding any new word you need. Perfect for those who need glossaries and specific terms of any particular corporation. These new words automatically migrated to future versions of the program.
Quick translation in Background
 Available only in the Professional version. Perfect to translate large documents. Its multitasking function allows you to continue working on anything else while ESI translates documents.
Activation from Toolbar and Menu of MS Office
 Available only in the Professional version. Just click on the buttons in Microsoft Word or Microsoft Excel and the program appear with translations, synonyms, conjugations and more!
Extras
 Extra Features: Counting letters, words and paragraphs. Timing for translation processes, improved spell checker, help with Spanish characters in the toolbar.

