Dick Grote
President at Grote Consulting Corporation.

Dick Grote concentrates exclusively in the area of performance management. He is a prolific author and president of one of America's best-known and most respected specialized management consulting firms. Based in Dallas, Texas, Dick Grote helps sophisticated organizations, large and small, design and implement best-practice performance management systems. His clients include some of the most prestigious organizations, public and private, in North America, Western Europe, and Southeast Asia.

Specialties
Performance appraisal
Talent management 
Discipline and corrective action
Leadership

July 5 was the official publication date of Dick Grote’s new book, How to Be Good at Performance Appraisals by the Harvard Business Review Press. 

He wrote this book for line managers and supervisors, the people who have to use whatever performance management system their company gives them. His goal was to show line managers how to meet all their performance appraisal responsibilities at an Exceeds Expectations level.”

In How to Be Good at Performance Appraisals, Dick Grote provides a concise, hands-on guide to succeeding at every step of the performance appraisal process—no matter what performance management system your organization uses. Through step-by-step instructions, examples, do-and-don’t bullet lists, sample dialogues, and suggested scripts, he shows you how to handle every appraisal activity from setting goals and defining job responsibilities to evaluating performance quality and discussing the performance evaluation face-to-face.

Based on decades of experience guiding managers through their biggest challenges, Grote helps answer the questions he hears most often:

• How do I set goals effectively? How many goals should someone set?
• How do I evaluate a person’s behaviors? Which counts more, behaviors or results? 
• How do I determine the right performance appraisal rating? How do I explain my rating to a skeptical employee?
• How do I tell someone she’s not meeting my expectations? How do I deliver bad news?

Grote also explains how to tackle other thorny performance management tasks, including determining compensation and terminating poor performers. 

In accessible and useful language, How to Be Good at Performance Appraisals will help you handle performance appraisals confidently and successfully, no matter the size or culture of your organization. It’s the one book you need to excel at this daunting yet critical task. 

Enjoy....and seed plzzz....


