Screenshots
 
http://bayimg.com/LAbcPaAEI



Size: 1142237969 bytes (1.06 GiB), duration: 01:26:44, avg.bitrate: 1756 kb/s
Audio: wmav2, 44100 Hz, stereo, 96 kb/s
Video: wmv3, yuv420p, 640x360, 1644 kb/s, 29.97 fps


School: Arizona State University
Year: Junior
Age: 19
Height: 5'9
Figure: 34B-24-34
EyeColor: Green


ABOUT
One of the best shoots of 2011. There, I said it. I think you will agree with me when you watch Maelynn in action. We start her transformation from normal ASU college girl to porn goddess in the makeup chair. Already at that point Jay and me are having a lot of fun teasing and flirting with Maelynn: she's about the funnest chick you can imagine, very outgoing, very sweet, and down to earth. She enjoys the pampering and as her confidence grows (make-up is key, brothers...), so does her sense for daring and adventure.
Maelynn is a self proclaimed "good girl" who has only had 2 men in her life and she doesn't do anything 'crazy' like partying or making out with girls. Except when she parties and makes out with girls. You get my drift. To push her envelope a little, I have her do one really weird and naughty thing for me (you'll see...), just to get her reaction. She has that "I can't believe I just did that!" expression and I knew we got to her. Then she lets Jay feel her titties while our friend finishes her make-up. Maelynn is up for anything and I can't wait to see where we can push our blond hottie next.
We check out Maelynn's camel toe forming beneath those sexy little panties she brought with her, and Jay flirts with her while she's getting dressed up and throughout the photo shoot. Her happy attitude and effortless sex appeal is like a magnet to both Jay and me, and Maelynn is having a blast with all this attention. She clearly takes a liking to the boy. Big time. Tell me if I'm wrong but I think this girl is falling in love. This may be a problem...with...her...BOYFRIEND she has waiting back at home. Who doesn't know what she's doing today. It gets worse for that guy - just keep watching.
I start the interview/intro with Maelynn on the bed, but I realize I'm just the 5th wheel here - Jay keeps playing with her boobs while standing next to me, and Maelynn glances at Jay with that "ravage me now!"-look on her face. You see, it turns out she had attempted to do one porn movie before in the past but she wasn't ready and walked out. The reason she is back today is because she enjoyed talking to us on the phone and thought Jay looked so hot in the pictures I sent her. She clearly wants him to fuck her. So I hand him the POV camera...