
1. Ride This Feeling

2. Sarah

3. Nightflight

4. The Tiger Inside Will Eat The Child

5. Let Me Fade

6. I'll Change Your Mind

7. Humiliation

8. In The Dark

9. Beautiful Darling

10. The Devil Wears A Suit

11. Fire And Iron



Deluxe Edition Disc 2:

1. Mother And Sun

2. Your Friends Will Tell You Who You Are

3. Hey Little Girl (Live)

4. In The Dark (Live)

5. The Devil Wears A Suit (Live)

6. Fire And Iron (Live)

7. Starlings



Kate Miller-Heidke returns with Nightflight, her first solo album in three years - available in stores and digitally on April 13. This album will follow the double-platinum sales from her last album (2008's Curiouser).



Nighflight is made up of 11 songs which see Kate meditate on homesickness, mortality, love and surrender, in an album that is both sonically lush and emotionally stark, deeply personal and yet utterly panoramic.



"Everything I've ever done has been a reaction against the previous thing," Kate says. "Nightflight is definitely a more vulnerable and exposed record than anything I've done before. If Curiouser was a playful, dysfunctional adolescent, Nightflight is more like a damaged, melancholy person in her late 20s. With Nightflight, we wanted something darker and more organic, more beautiful and more expansive."



Written between the frenetic jolt of London and the sleepy backwaters of Toowoomba, Nightflight showcases songs about real people's lives. Recorded over two months in Melbourne, the album was produced by Keir Nuttall with Lindsay Gravina (Rowland S. Howard, Mick Harvey, The Living End, Magic Dirt) in his Birdland studio in Prahran, Melbourne. Nightflight also features James O'Brien from The Boat People on bass, Gemma Turvey and J.P. Shilo on piano, John Castle (Washington), Steve Pope (Angus & Julia) and Dan Parsons on drums, with Luke Moller (Shane Nicholson) on violin/viola. Nightflight was then taken to Suffolk in rural England, where it was mixed by Cenzo Townshend (Florence And The Machine, Kaiser Chiefs) over three weeks. 

cd's ripped by EAC

please seed
 
http://dickthespic.org/