DTS-HD Master Audio Suite v2.60.22 MACOSX 

The DTS-HD Master Audio Suite is the most advanced audio production toolset for Blu-ray Disc™. With 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio™ encoding at up to 48x faster than real-time, flexible quality control, playback, and post-encode editing tools, DTS-HD Master Audio Suite is the ultimate audio solution for Blu-ray Disc, DVD, and DTS® music disc production. The latest release, v2.6, introduces compatible encoded streams for digital delivery services, delivering flexible audio solutions for both streaming and downloadable content.


* Dramatic Speed Increase - Up to 48x faster than real-time
* Create compatible streams for digital delivery services
* Add 7.1 lossless sound to 3D Blu-ray titles
* Most efficient and versaitile encoder for Blu-ray Disc and DVD 



DTS-HD Encoder™ 

Encoding in the Fast Lane
The DTS-HD Encoder™ is an easy-to-use, flexible, and highly efficient stream creation tool. Using 16 or 24-bit wav source files, the DTS-HD Encoder can generate any DTS® encode type, including DTS-HD Master Audio™, DTS-HD High Resolution™, DTS Digital Surround™, and DTS Express™. Click for an overview of DTS Technologies for Optical Media.

KEY BENEFITS:

    Fast: Encode a DTS-HD Master Audio lossless stream at up to 48x real-time*
    One Stream: The unique “One Stream” architecture of DTS-HD® results in the most data and bandwidth efficient lossless audio solution for Blu-ray Disc™
    Efficient: Coreless DTS-HD Master Audio for digital delivery is among the most efficient lossless delivery codecs for surround and stereo delivery
    3D Compatible: Add 7.1 lossless sound to 3D Blu-ray titles
    Backwards Compatible: Every DTS-HD Master Audio, DTS-HD High Resolution, and DTS Digital Surround stream is backwards compatible with all DTS legacy equipment at up to 1509 kbps
    Automated: Folder-Based Encoding automates encoding for large volume projects such as a complete TV season multi-disc, online content for BD-Live, mini-series, game clips, and special features
    Easy-to-Use: Simple user interface includes features such as auto-import file loading, log file generation and auto-verification
    Flexible: Custom downmix settings with faders, save and recall presets
    Advanced: DTS Express encoding supports AAF volume automation imported from Pro Tools® for dynamic Blu-ray Disc Secondary Audio mixing. Seamless Branching optimization for Multi-Angle and Multi-Story titles
    Best-in-class audio quality

    *Encoding speed is based on 12 CPU cores running multiple simultaneous encodes.

For digital delivery ecosystems, MAS v2.6 includes the ability to encode everything from adaptive bit-rate DTS Express™ 5.1 to coreless DTS-HD Master Audio streams.


DTS-HD StreamTools™ 

 Powerful Post-Encode Toolkit

With the demands of Blu-ray Disc™ production, there’s always a last minute change, a need to verify or analyze an encoded stream. Enter the DTS-HD StreamTools™—The most sophisticated and flexible suite for encoded file editing and bit-stream management.

KEY BENEFITS:

    Edit .dtshd (DTS-HD MA, HR, and DTS) files using Join/Replace, Append, Trim, Split, Add Silence, and TimeCode Restripe
    Accurately and reliably edit DTS-HD Master Audio™ files to the sample—eliminating the need to re-encode audio when last minute changes occur
    DTS-HD™ File Verification and Information utilities provide file attributes and assure stream integrity. Batch Verify can be used to validate stream integrity on a large number of .dtshd files
    The Peak Bit-Rate Analysis tool assists with bit-budgeting by providing detailed graphs and tables for variable bit-rate DTS-HD Master Audio files


System Requirements:

Mac OS X 10.5 or higher
Intel processor, Core 2 Duo 2.0 GHz or higher recommended
2GB RAM; 4 GB recommended
Sun Java™ 2 Standard Edition Runtime Environment, 32-bit Version 6 or 5
USB port for iLok dongle
Safari 4


Installation:
-------------

Unpack and Install

Launch DTS-HD.

Start keygen generate some, copy and paste serial.


         • That's it! Done.

                   3Nj0Y!!!