[img]http://s19.postimage.org/4d8xm7503/Borderlands2.jpg[/img]

Games : Windows : Update Patch 1.1.3 : English

About DLCs:

Mechromancer:
   A 5th playable character class who can summon a destructive robot named Deathtrap. 
   In addition to this new class, this pack also includes bonus items which were included in the Borderlands 2 Premiere Club Pack, 
   including the Gearbox Gold Gun Pack, a Golden Key, which unlocks rare items in the mysterious Sanctuary Loot Chest, and the Vault Hunter's Relic, which boosts your gear-hunting fortunes. 

Captain Scarlett and her Pirate's Booty:
   Get Ready for a Swashbuckling Adventure: Fight off hordes of new enemies including pirate bandits, and desert worms.
   Forge ( And Break ) New Alliances: Meet Captain Scarlett, you'll need her help to make your way through Pirate's Bay. But watch your back, Pirates will do anything for treasure.
   Discover Uncharted Territories and Find New Treasures: With a multitude of new quests and locations, Pirate's Booty is set to offer more of everything. 
   New side quests, new weapons, new gear are all yours for the taking.

Creature Slaughter Dome:
   In the Wildlife Exploitation Reserve there is a area transfer to a place called the Natural Selection Annex. 
   It's actually in there. The MISSION is called Creature Slaughter Dome. 
   Complete all 5 rounds of it and the reward is Moxxi's Rocket Launcher. 

Moxxi's Rocket Launcher:
   Is an exclusive weapon that can only be found in the Creature Slaughter Dome DLC

   
PC System Requirements

Minimum:
OS: Windows XP SP3
Processor: 2.4 GHz Dual Core Processor
Memory: 2 GB ( XP ) / 2 GB ( Vista )
Video Memory: 256 MB
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 8500 / ATI Radeon HD 2600
Sound: DirectX 9.0c Compatible
Supported Video Cards: ATI RADEON X1950, HD 2000 / 3000 / 4000 / 5000 series NVIDIA GeForce 7 / 8 / 9 / 100 / 200 series



Notes:

This is cumulative update patch 1.1.3 - does not require any updates installed before.
This pack include latest crack - just install and play.
Included DLC :

	- Mechromancer
	- Captain Scarlett and her Pirates Booty
        - Creature Slaughter Dome
	- Moxxi's Rocket Launcher

Compatible with nosTEAM ,SKiDROW ,3DM versions.
You can play multiplayer using Tunngle.


How to install:
After download is done:
- open (executable file) ,
- click Browse and select Borderland 2 folder (where is full game installed) ,
- click install ,
- wait until is done,
- play updated game.



More info and support on nosteam.ro
www.nosteam.ro
 
If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .	

