 What can i say it's a west urn but being a die hard western fan i picked this up some where and now would like to leave it some where.  User review is worth the effort.
Look on the bright side i(know) may have more that are worse then this 


 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050827/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1

Storyline

Pale Arrow is a white man raised since a boy by the Pawnee Chief. With wagon trains now encroaching on Pawnee land, the Chief sends Pale Arrow to be with the white people. Now known as Paul Fletcher, he takes the job of wagon train scout. The Chief wants peace but when he dies, Crazy Fox takes over and now leads the Pawnees in an attack against that wagon train. 

User Review

* This review may contain spoilers ***

While much of this movie progresses at an anemic pace and much of the ending is lifted out of at least one other cavalry versus Indians movie, the epic confrontation of Pale Arrow (George Montgomery) versus Crazy Fox (Charles Horvath) offered, for me, a stirring finish.

All during the film, Crazy Fox has nourished a hatred against Pale Arrow, a man brought up by the tribe. Pale Arrow was favored by Crazy Fox's own father, stole his maiden, Dancing Fawn, and seems to have bested him throughout his life.

Now, Pale Arrow, who Crazy Fox thought had been killed at a Pawnee torture stake, spies the chief and a few braves in the midst of a great battle. Pale Arrow rides toward the chief and the epic, final fight is about to commence.

They ride toward each; their horses collide. Dismounted, they tussle, roll over each other, and fall into a nearby river. At first, Crazy Fox has the upper hand, beating Pale Arrow with a tomahawk as the swift current drags them away. But, then, they return to calmer water.

We see Crazy Fox only from the back now, his hair unbraided, his weapon gone, his skin shimmering from the dunking in the water. Pale Arrow slugs him and Crazy Fox falls back into the water. The proud, valiant, determined, bold, and adventurous Pawnee war chief tries to regain the initiative but cannot. A second punch and he is knocked down to the bottom of the river, near the bank. Pale Arrow jumps on him, holds him down, and drowns him as Crazy Fox desperately tries to save his audacious but malevolent and ultimately doomed life. His existence, his leadership of the tribe, his quest for revenge are all about to come to termination. As the background music reaches its crescendo, Pale Arrow strangles Crazy Fox and the Pawnee's face cannot be seen. Only the breastplate covering his magnificent Pawnee chest is still visible. Crazy Fox is dead.