Follow my uploads here:                           
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Fight for mankind's survival in the greatest space shooter on mobile devices!
Four months have passed since Kal ruined the Volterites' plans by sabotaging their war factories, and stopping the extraction of the Judger Artifacts.

Note that N.O.V.A. 3 - Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance needs 2GB of free memory to install

However, following the assassination of President Folsom, the government surrendered the colonies to the Volterite Protectorate in order to prevent civil war.
Kal Wardin has been laying low since FolsomΓÇÖs death, but now he has received a desperate plea from Yelena to come to Earth. Once again, the hero must rise to save mankind!

    An epic storyline: Humanity finally returns to Earth after years of exile! Fight in 10 immersive levels across the galaxy, from a war-torn Earth to a frozen Volterite city.
    Multiple weapons and powers: Run, shoot, drive vehicles, and pilot a mech to defeat hordes of enemies.
    Join 12-player battles in 6 multiplayer modes (Capture the Point, Free-for-All, Capture the Flag, etc.) on 6 different maps. 
    For the first time, multiple allies can jump inside the same vehicle and spread destruction on the battlefield.
    Discover the new FPS benchmark for graphics and gameplay (real-time shadow & lights, particle system, ragdoll physics, etc.)

For fans of the N.O.V.A. series, first-person shooters, and free android games.

New in this version: (Updated : Sep 7, 2012)

    Added support for Google Expansion File system, ensuring seamless installation for new users
    Improved performance and stability
    Fixed a bug concerning inventory consistency in single player
    Various minor fixes and improvements
    More devices supported
    Important note: this is not a critical update; users that are already running the game without problems are advised not to update to avoid the big data re-download.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                By bobiras2009		