Contains most of the books of the Latin method Lingua Latina per se Illustrata by Hans H. Ørberg, as well as MP3 recordings of the 31 first chapters.


List of included books:

Pars I:
Familia Romana (DjVu)
Exercitia Latina I (DjVu)
Latine Disco (DjVu)
Grammatica Latina (DjVu)
Latin-English Vocabulary I (PDF)
Vocabulaire latin-francais I (PDF)
Vocabulario Latino-Espanol I (DjVu)

Pars II:
Roma Aeterna (DjVu)
Indices (DjVu)
Exercitia Latina II (DjVu)
Instructions (DjVu)
Latin-English Vocabulary I-II (DjVu)

Supplementa:
Caesaris De Bello Gallico (DjVu)
Caesaris De Bello Gall Vocabulary (PDF)
Catilina (DjVu)
Colloquia Personarum (PDF)
Colloquia Personarum Vocabulary (DjVu)
Fabellae Latinae (PDF)
Ovidii Ars Amatoria (DjVu)
Petronii Cena Trimalchionis (DjVu)
Petronii Cena Trim. Vocabulary (DjVu)
Plauti Amphitryo (DjVu)
Sermones Romani (DjVu)
Sermones Romani Vocabulary (PDF)
Vergilii Aeneis I IV (DjVu)
Vergilii Aeneis Vocabulary (PDF)

Teacher’s Materials and Answer Key (DjVu)
Teacher’s Materials: Conseils au prof (PDF)(not part of the method, just a translation into French of the two pages of Advice to the Teacher)


Descriptions from Amazon:

Entirely composed in Latin, Part I, Familia Romana, provides an excellent introduction to Latin, including the essentials of Latin grammar and a basic vocabulary of over 1500 words. The thirty-five chapters describe the life of a Roman family in the 2nd century A.D., and culminate in readings from classical poets and Donatus Ars Grammatica, the standard Latin school text for a millennium. Each chapter is divided into two or three lectiones (lessons) of a couple pages each followed by a grammar section, Grammatica Latina, and three exercises or Pensa. Hans Ørbergs impeccable Latinity, humorous stories, and the Peer Lauritzen illustrations make this work a classic. The book includes a table of inflections, a Roman calendar, and a word index, Index vocabulorum.

In Part II, Roma Aeterna, the subject is Roman history. Roma Aeterna includes a wide range of classical Latin literature. The main subject of the twenty-one long chapters is Roman history as told by Roman authors themselves. A description of the monuments of Rome, is followed by a prose version of Vergil s Aeneid I-IV, with extracts from the original, and Livy s Book I, supplemented by extracts from Ovid. At first, Livy s prose is gently adapted, but most of the book integrates unadapted texts by Livy, Aulus Gellius, Nepos, Sallust, Cicero and Horace with linguistic and historical information in a seamless narrative. The Indices is a supplement which contains lists of the Roman consuls and their triumphs (Fasti consulares and triumphales), as well as name and word Indices covering the whole course.
