Susan Feniger's Street Food - Irresistibly Crispy, Creamy, Crunchy, Spicy, Sticky, Sweet Recipes
by Susan Feniger, Kajsa Alger and Liz Lachman
Clarkson Potter | July 2012 | ISBN: 0307952584 | ePUB | 224 pages | 28.85 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Susan-Fenigers-Street-Food-Irresistibly/dp/0307952584

Over her thirty-year food career—from being one of the original Food Network stars and opening Border Grill to appearing on Top Chef Masters and creating STREET—celebrity chef Susan Feniger has continually found inspiration for her renowned cooking in street food carts around the world. In Susan Feniger’s Street Food, she shares 83 of her favorite recipes with home cooks, giving them a taste of these unexpected, tantalizing dishes.
On her globe-trotting adventures, with cooking and eating as the only shared language, Susan has forged friendships with rice farmers in Vietnam, women baking flatbread in Turkey, and nomadic cheesemakers in Mongolia. She’s become an expert on combining spices and ingredients to re-create authentic mind-blowing flavors back home. One bite of Artichokes with Lemon Za’atar Dipping Sauce confirms that they should never be eaten another way, and dinner should always be as enticing as crunchy and refreshing Saigon Chicken Salad, delicious Thai Drunken Shrimp with Rice Noodles, or sweet-savory Korean Glazed Short Ribs with Sesame and Asian Pear. Drinks, condiments, and sweets—such as indulgent and alluring Turkish Doughnuts with Rose Hip Jam—round out the recipe collection.
Susan’s personal travel stories and vacation snapshots inspire at every turn. Her expert tips on ingredients and easy substitutions, along with more than 100 color photographs, make Susan Feniger’s Street Food the perfect guide for home cooks looking to shake up their cooking repertoires with exciting new flavors.

About the Author
SUSAN FENIGER is well-known for her three Border Grill restaurants and Too Hot Tamales Food Network show (all with business partner Mary Sue Milliken). She opened her first solo restaurant, Susan Feniger’s STREET, in Los Angeles in 2009. She helped start Cool Comedy–Hot Cuisine, the major annual fund-raising event for the Scleroderma Research Foundation, and is on the board of the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center. Visit her at  http://www.SusanFenigerSite.com.