 

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth



POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 13 - Secret Societies - Shadow Goverment





POtHS 4 - Conspiracy Facts - Part 13 - Secret Societies - Shadow Goverment




POtHS Comments on This one:  (director) :director:       These Elite Illuminati Bastards are the Most Sinister, Ruthless Scumbags that have walked the Face of The Earth. They serve their god well. They serve Lucifer. Like Christians worship Jesus these Elite scumbags Worship their god LUCIFER or Satan. He has more than 30 Names in The Bible.

This next Fact proves they are evil. If the 200 richest families on Earth would donate just 4% of their WEALTH.  Would you give 4% of everything you owned to House, Cloth and Feed the entire population of the World??? Just 4% of their wealth to end suffering and feed the starving children. Of course you would.  They laugh at USa, they call us Cannon Fodder and Cattle, inject us with poison vaccines and put poison in our water and food supplies.

Look around everything is 180 degrees turned around backwards. Obama and the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! He is the biggest war president the World has ever seen.

Discription -


This is a World Wide Conspiracy Fact. No matter WHAT COUNTRY YOU LIVE IN, these same scumbags are running your life too.

More of The Same. I Still have 80 more parts to go with Conspiracy Facts. This is a LARGE sewer pit we are dealing with here.

More Torrents in this series at          ALL TORRENTS are RELEASED here FIRST!!! The First down loaders of my torrents get the Main Hookups on my SERVER. This will get lightning fast downloads, FOR FREE. (The High Speed download wholesalers are going to hate me)I upload to OVER 15 Torrent sites and this site is uploaded 1st.


The days are short my friends. Life as we have been used to is over. This is as good as it is going to get. THE SECRET SOCIETIES CAN NOT STOP THEIR TAKE OVER OF THE PLANET EARTH. What they have started can not be stopped. They have lied, cheated and stolen everything that the World has worked for. They are in our Government, they Worship Satan more than most Christians Worship Jesus. They are devoted to their God, The Prince of The Air, The Son of Perdition, The God of The earth dwellers, "Ole Scratch," it is SATAN himself. PURE EVIL is coming like nothing you can Imagine.

Any way these are the g-ssholes that run America and they want to run the World. Jesus is coming to kick the "MONEY CHANGERS" (The Banksters) out of POWER again. He will squish the "All Seeing Eye" between his fingers for ALL to see.

These POtHS 3 - Conspiracy FACTS - Have 99 parts to date. There will be more as WE are in the Middle of a WAR. The information we receive on the TV are all lies, it is a controlled media source that has nothing GOOD for you in it's programming. We have been scientifically "brain washed." Every advertising campaign you see is designed to deceive you.

Take this challenge. Turn off your TV for ONE week and watch your MENTAL media programming dissipate. Watch only these downloads in this series. I PROMISE, YOU WILL BE A WHOLE NEW PERSON! THE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE.

The Truth Will set you free, however It may cause you to get real pissed off and kick the couch or the cat.


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


RAPtURE (My transportation outta here).

The Blessed Hope.  If you believe in The Rapture you better believe That The Sacrificed Blood of Jesus, on the Cross paid for your sins and there is NOTHING Else you can do to gain Salvation, The GRACE of Christ did it ALL. Now you just have to believe that with all your Heart, Mind and Soul or Maybe Get Left Behind. All PAST, Present and Future Sins are Forgiven with Jesus. (I wouldn't PUSH That Future sin statement to much!!!)

In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump: for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed..

"And He will send forth His angels with A GREAT TRUMPET and THEY WILL GATHER TOGETHER His elect from the four winds, from one end of the sky to the other.

"Do not marvel at this; for an hour is coming, in which all who are in the tombs will hear His voice,  Then we who are alive and remain will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in The Air, and there we will be forever be with him...

May Yahweh Bless You as He has me. Seed Long and Prosper from the Blessings of our Lord. I have asked the Father to Bless all those that Seed Long.  

Do Not believe anything you find here, search the Scriptures daily to determine the tRUtH.    


Get info on the Take Over by The New World Order Below


 
http://www.khouse.org/topical_bible_study                                                         Free online Bible Study 
http://www.babylonthegreatisfalling.net                                                                End Times Prophecy - Who is Babylon the Great 
http://www.hickoryhammockbaptist.org                                                                Pastueur Carl Gallops                                                                                       Listen to Alex Jones   Secular Truth 
http://www.theberean.org/                                                                                    Daily Bible Study in Your Email 
http://www.khouseafrica.com/                                                                               Chuck Missler - Africa 
http://www.store.khouse.org/store/catalog                                                          Chuck Missler - USA 
http://www.efoodsdirect.com/winter/?ait=13&adit=79                                        Dehydrated Survival Food -  Excellent Taste 
http://store.khouse.org/store/catalog/help/pacific_rim.html?it=C3sphAod       Chuck Missler - New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Rim
 
Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
(thankyou) :thankyou:  (thankyou) :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS








   
  