The ceremony was held at Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States on May 25, 2006,honoring rock icons Queen, Judas Priest, Def Leppard, and Kiss.
The ceremony opened with the Foo Fighters performing the Queen classic "Tie Your Mother Down." They were soon joined by Brian May and Roger Taylor.
Godsmack's tribute to Judas Priest followed, the band playing a medley of "Electric Eye," "Victim of Changes", and "Hell Bent for Leather". After Judas Priest's biography they performed "Breaking the Law", "The Green Manalishi (With The Two-Pronged Crown)" and "You've Got Another Thing Comin'."
The All-American Rejects then performed Def Leppard's "Photograph". During the performance, drummer Chris Gaylor wore nothing but British flag shorts - a reference to what Leppard drummer Rick Allen wore in all the band's old music videos. After Def Leppard's biography they took the stage and performed "Rock of Ages," a long version of "Rocket" with a guitar solo, then continued to play a T.Rex cover off their newest album, Yeah!, "20th Century Boy." For this performance, Joe Elliott invited Brian May to join the band.
A supergroup was then formed of Rob Zombie, Slash, Gilby Clarke, Scott Ian, Ace Frehley, and Tommy Lee. The six then performed "God of Thunder". Kiss followed with their closing performance of "Detroit Rock City", "Deuce", "Love Gun" and for encore they performed "Makin' Love". This went against traditional Kiss performances as they normally closed with "Rock and Roll All Nite".

Track list :

VH1 Rock Honors intro
Foo Fighters & Queen - Tie Your Mother Down
Godsmack - Judas Priest medley
Judas Priest - Breakin' The Law
Judas Priest - You Got Another Thing Comin'
Judas Priest - The Green Manalishi (With The Two-Pronged Crown)
All-American Rejects - Photograph
Def Leppard - Rock Of Ages
Def Leppard - Rocket
Def Leppard & Brian May - 20th Century Boy
Rob Zombie, Slash, Gilby Clarke, Scott Ian, Ace Frehley, and Tommy Lee - God Of Thunder
Kiss - Detroit Rock City
Kiss - Deuce
Kiss - Love Gun
End Of Show

Quality: HDTVRip 1080i
Container:MKV
Video codec:H.264
Audio codec:AC3
Video:H264 AVC, 1920x1080, ~17 Mbps, 30 fps
Audio:AC3, 384 kbps, 48 kHz, stereo

