
Release: The.Magic.Sword.[Basil Rathbone ].(1962).DVDRip.Oldies
Title: The Magic Sword 
Title in Brazil: A Espada Mágica
Uploader: labok
Size: 698 MB
Genre: Adventure 
Language: English
Runtime: 80 mins
Resolução: 640 x 382
Video Codec: XVID
Subtittles: English
Audio Codec: MP3
Taxa de Biltrate: 128 Kbps
IMDB Rating: 3,6 (awaiting 1.047 users)
IMDB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056211/
Directed By: Bert I. Gordon

Starring:  

Basil Rathbone ......... Lodac
Estelle Winwood ............Sybil
Gary Lockwood ......... Saint George
Anne Helm ........ Princess Helene
Liam Sullivan ......... Sir Branton
John Mauldin .......... Sir Patrick
Jacques Gallo ..........Sir Dennis
LeRoy Johnson .........Sir Ulrich
David Cross ........ Sir Pedro
Angus Duncan ....... Sir James
Taldo Kenyon .........Sir Anthony
Maila Nurmi .........Hag/intruder
 
Synopis:

Lodac, an evil wizard, has kidnapped the Princess Helene and intends to feed her to his dragon in seven days. One of the king's knights, Sir Branton, vows to rescue her, despite being warned of Lodac's seven curses, which have to be encountered before they can reach his castle. A boy named George, who was raised by Sybil, a slightly incompetent sorceress, and is smitten with the Princess wants to rescue her but Sybil, whose family had battles with Lodac and lost, refuses to let him go. But he uses the magic sword that she intends to give him to detain her while he goes to save the Princess. So he and six knights that he freed from Sybil's brothers spell of being turned to stone to be his allies go to the king and offer to accompany Branton and asks, if he should save the Princess, asks for her hand in marriage. Branton is not pleased but is implored by the King to bring them with him. But Branton plans to use them as pawns to evade the curses
 
Sinopse Pt Br:
 
Lodac (Basil Rathbone), um feiticeiro do mal seqüestrou a Princesa Helene (Anne Helm) e pretende utilizá-la para alimentar seu dragão em 7 diasl. Sir Branton (Liam Sullivan), um dos cavaleiros do rei, jura resgatá-la, apesar de Lodac ter lhe avisado das 7 maldições que ele deverá passar antes de alcançar seu castelo. George (Gary Lockwood), um jovem criado pela feiticeira Sybil (Estelle Winwood) quer resgatar a princesa também, mas Sybil já havia perdido uma batalha contra Lodac e se recusa a deixá-lo ir. Mas ele usa a Espada Mágica que ela lhe deu para detê-la enquanto ele parte para salvar a princesa. Assim, George e os 6 cavaleiros criados por Sybil vão ao Rei oferecer ajuda para o resgate de Helene. Branton não gosta da idéia, mas é obrigado pelo Rei a aceitar a ajuda. É então que Branton planeja usá-los para passar pelas maldições. Assim, George e sua espada mágica terão que enfrentar muitos desafios para conseguir salvar a Princesa Helene.
 
