Introduction

These film’s goals are simple: to show the viewers that whether or not they believe that what they put before their eyes and ears can affect them; they do. I will use a barrage of TV shows ranging from children’s cartoons to sitcoms, movies, commercials, magazines, ads, video games, and much more. It is impossible to not be influenced by a subliminal message. However, what is impossible with man is possible with God. 

Written, all editing, music production and sound, graphic work, and direction all done under the guidance of the Holy Spirit by Justin Ludwig. If you know the Lord, I am your brother in Christ, and do this out of the kindness of my heart; to give glory to Whom it belongs…Jesus Christ.

A brief overview of what a subliminal message is and the beginnings of subliminal advertising.
Subliminal. Not many words catch the attention of people like this word. Ironic to think that when the word is defined as “functioning below the threshold of conciseness”, (by Merriam-Webster.) It is a synonym for the word subtil. It isn’t defined as backwards, hidden, eso or exoteric. In order for a subliminal message to effect the intended it must be seen even if unknowingly.

BRAIN O(2010)

This is a video documentary my friend did.  The video is about subliminals in television.  A lot of sex subliminals are covered.  The film uses a lot disney movies along with cartoons shows like south park, family guy, and the simpons.

Brain-O II: Plunger Included (2012)


Brain-O (II) Final 4 Sections (2012.04.20)



Message From The Film Maker:
Brain-O is a documentary based on the synonym for the word subtle. Which most of us already know who the most subtle beast of the field always has been. In Genesis chapter 3 and verses 1- 6 of the King James Version of the Bible, Eve is deceived by the most subtle beast of the field the serpent or Satan. The synonym for subtle I am talking of is subliminal. Subliminal messages are always around us, and quiet possibly always have been. This film is meant to be the average persons experience watching a few hours of TV “programming” (some commercials included as well but only for relative importance of course). That’s exactly what it is, right? Programming you, and desensitizing you at the same time. We start back in the 1930 and move until today’s generation of mind numbing cartoons and other shows. Make sure to stick around after the credits for a special new bulletin. Thanks for watching and may the Lord God bless you with the gift of the Holy Spirit! Amen!

Please check out these other films of mine and my friend who does them for the same reasons I do..the Glory of God.
Musickal Mind Conrol 1 and 2
God is Not Your Personal Slot Machine