Gape Gang DiSC1 XXX DVDRip XviD - Pr0nStarS
Gape Gang DiSC2 XXX DVDRip XviD - Pr0nStarS

When gorgeous director Bobbi Starr gets together with her girlfriends for an all-female jam session, the result is nothing like your average lesbian porn. Bobbis young pals are not only beautiful and horny, but they love making their asses dilate to extreme dimensions! Bobbis double-disc Gape Gang contains four epic, orgiastic scenes of rectal insanity with the directors showboating co-stars in an all-out competition to be the most inventive and anally perverse. In groups ranging from three to five girls, Bobbis butt-crazed cohorts shove all manner of toys, objects, tongues, fingers and toes inside each others elastic bunghole, stretching their colonic capacity to the limit they even expel streams of colored water and plastic Easter eggs in high arcs from their talented rears! Gorgeous model Sarah Shevon expands her butthole with a huge butt plug, and petite Russian cutie Alysa easily defends her title as the Queen of Gapes by opening her ass to her sexy friends curious fingers. A doctors office visit becomes a dirty, dildo-jamming threesome among kinky brunettes Dana DeArmond, Phoenix Marie and Kimberly Kane. Adorable Ashlynn Leigh goes ass-to-ass with petite Amber Rayne using a double-headed toy, and perky Amy Brooke squirts a quart of girl cum while enjoying an explosive anal orgasm. Finally, Bobbi joins sexy Annika Amour and Charisma Cappelli for a frenzy of filthy gang-related activity. These gapes are open for business!
Bobbi Starrs Gape Gang is a double-disc DVD with behind-the-scenes footage, photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers.

Featuring: Ariel X, Cici Rhodes, Alysa, Amy Brooke, Bobbi Starr, Dana DeArmond, Phoenix Marie, Kimberly Kane, Ashlynn Leigh, Amber Rayne, Jayden Lee, Sarah Shevon, Ashli Orion, Annika Amour, Charisma Cappelli

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=wbd9r56m8a7dverufrbp.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=v5bjgimqgvl5tr8kaajl.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=csq7fo2zq8yae31ncvyd.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=gx7g8kaorflnrpy4xk0m.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=qkiq1c386tfwkrewz9zs.jpg
