[HouseOfTaboo] Gina (Toy of His Perversion [Part 1] / 14.08.2012)

Yes, Gina dear, it IS possible to get rid of your heavy burden of student loans after college relatively quickly...if you sign a
contract to a kinky rich man whoΓÇÖs had his eye on you for some time, ever since he spotted you in a museum during your junior year doing research for
an art history paper! He struck up a conversation and said if you ever needed any assistance during your education, to call on him. And when you saw
the debts youΓÇÖd have to pay after graduation, you gave him a buzz. ItΓÇÖs simple, really. All you have to do is indenture yourself to him as a toy of
his perversion! Your loans will be paid off, and you simply have to indulge his bizarre tastes once a week by allowing him to put you in a
schoolgirlΓÇÖs outfit complete with white blouse, red argyle tie, and blue-and-red plaid skirt! Oh, and you have to stand in a specially built cabinet
overnight, with your wrists and legs bound, while you await his pleasure! When he finally opens the cabinet, he tells you not to make a peep...not
because anybody else is around to hear, because he lives alone in his mansion...but just because he likes to hear himself telling you to keep your
lip zipped! Then he stands behind you in the cabinet, puts his hands through the special arm holes, and lets his fingers in latex gloves roam over
your face, your neck, your hair, your lips, your teeth...tugging, pulling, exploring...HUMILIATING...you feel his palms fondling your breasts and
then pulling up your blouse, exposing your nakedness. Then your skirt comes up, so your panties are revealed, and soon those are peeled off so that
his latex-sheathed digits may probe and squeeze and distend your girlish nether lips...and you can hear him chuckling as he does all these irrational
acts, which give him pleasure and fuel his remarkable ability to walk amongst men as a money-making machine, a financial wizard! Sometimes a man acts
strangely in his sexual affairs, perhaps even illogically, to be clear-headed and razor sharp in the other areas of his life. And then, after he
grunts out his satisfaction at your degradation, he closes the cabinet doors for awhile, so you can think about your further treatment when he
returns...in Part 2 next week!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=pyqin11eu5flnnlkzaso.jpg