Footsloggers and soldiers of fortune, priests, poets, killers and cads. The forgotten and unwanted from the sentient races of three galaxies are brought together and trained to be the most elite - and expendable - of fighting forces.

Sometimes a peace-keeping force, sometimes shock troops, the legion is called upon to intervene in cultural and religious wars, block punitive invasions, put down revolutions and test the intentions of unknown alien races. Anywhere that blood of any color is spilled, where battles rage with spears or turbo-lasers, where death pervades the velvet vacuum of space, thatΓÇÖs where youΓÇÖll find the legion.

As with all armed forces, the legion has its elite unit, the toughest of the tough, the creme de la creme, the scrapings from the bottom of the barrel. Enter Force Nomad...

Alien Legion - cover-titled The Alien Legion for its first series and initial graphic novel - features a military unit, Force Nomad, similar to the French Foreign Legion. Its characters include leader Sarigar, whose lower half is serpentine; the fully humanoid Torie Montroc; and an alien of the Thraxian race, Jugger Grimrod.

Primary creator Carl Potts and co-creators Alan Zelenetz (writer) and Frank Cirocco (penciler) developed the concept, and in 1984 Marvel Comics' Epic Comics imprint launched the first of several Alien Legion miniseries and one-shots. Potts said in 2000, "The original concept was the 'Foreign Legion in space' and all the legionnaires were human. ... Then I created the humanoid/serpentine design that later became Sarigar and decided that the Legion should include a wide variety of species. This was in the early '70s. By the time I got around to developing the idea further in the early '80s, Star Wars obviously became an influence. The Alien Legion universe is a giant extrapolation of the American democratic melting-pot society where different races and cultures work together for the common good while dealing with the pluses and problems that the nation's diversity creates."

Lusiphur did a great job scanning and/or collecting these, so I'm upping the DCP Archive Editions instead of the individual books. Included in the five volume set are:

Alien Legion v1
Alien Legion v2
Alien Legion: Binary Deep
Alien Legion: Jugger Grimrod
Alien Legion: On the Edge
Alien Legion: One Planet at a Time
Alien Legion: Tenants of Hell

As well as appearances in:

Amazing Heroes 44
Marvel Graphic Novel - A Grey Day to Die
Alien Legion vs Aliens (fanfic)
Epic Anthology 3 - Grimrod
Law Dog and Grimrod: Terror at the Crossroads
Heavy Hitters Annual 1
Starlog 315