

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Apostasy The Great Falling Away Vol 09 - The Toronto Blessing and Kundalini Unmasked





POtHS says:


Description:

The Toronto Blessing Unmasked - Kenneth Copeland, Rodney Howard Browne & others:
First, I do not enjoy researching these evils.  To my heart's dismay, it troubles me deeply to find such devilish people and corruption among society.  There may be some that want to point their finger of blame at me for doing this, however, I cannot allow in good conscience remain silent and let these individuals continue to betray humanity and God.  There are too many "Good Christians" who are being hurt and led astray by these arrogant devil mongers.  They need to be exposed for what they are and help alert and prepare those indearing to God for the return of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

After searching for some time on the Internet, these 21 videos on The Toronto Blessing Unmasked are the best quality I could find.  But with that said, the audio could have been done better.  However, these videos really help expose the true Satanic worship involved with these various preachers.



False spirits invade the church - KUNDALINI WARNING - Andrew Strom:
Told by a genuine "Insider," this is the true story of one of the most frightening "invasions" in the history of the church - and the fight to keep it out. Andrew Strom has been part of the Charismatic movement for over 25 years - and was deeply involved in the modern "Prophetic" movement for 11 of those years. He is the founder of RevivalSchool.com and the International REVIVAL List. In this book, Strom traces this mass invasion of false spirits back to 1994, and shows how it culminated in the bizarre events surrounding Todd Bentley and the Lakeland revival in 2008. What are 'Kundalini' spirits? What are the signs of their presence? And how can such an invasion be turned around? All this and more is discussed in this provocative book.

Reviews of his book include...  "A 'MUST READ'" - The Voice Magazine. "The church of Jesus Christ does not realize that it has been infiltrated by demonic forces. Discernment has been lost! A book that is beyond needful." - Greg Gordon, Sermon Index.


--------------------------------------------------------------
This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

[b]JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.

RA

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
