Microsoft Office XP Professional With FrontPage Greek.

Microsoft Office XP's empowering document design tools,
integration of voice recognition functionality, and impressive network-
and Web-based sourcing capabilities should be enough to convince those
interested in saving time and consolidating effort to take the leap.
In keeping with Microsoft's much-ballyhooed .NET strategy, Office XP
introduces several features that utilize the vast infosphere inhabited
by the 21st-century desk jockey. Smart tags beckon underneath recognized
objects like misspellings or symbols, offering a stock quote here, a
synonym there, or "Would anyone care to configure my auto-correction
list?" The task pane looks similar to Microsoft Internet Explorer's
Explorer Bar, and acts like an open tool chest pulled up alongside each
application in the suite, providing readily configured searches for
information or multimedia files. Putting up a team Web site that tracks
projects and serves as an information hub requires only the use of one
of the included templates, ready to be customized and uploaded to the
server.

The Send for Review feature further streamlines the collaborative
process by allowing the sender to view revisions made by multiple
parties within the framework of the original document. Outlook now
features a color-coded calendar and easier meeting management, along
with instant messaging and variable e-mail account access. All user
system errors can be tracked globally, and then network security
settings modified remotely while anti-virus and debugging IT resources
are diverted accordingly.

Frontpage 2002 Now it's easy to add sophisticated technology to
your Web site without having to program. Whether you want to better
understand your visitors through usage analysis reports, or get the
lowdown on your site's performance with enhanced reports, Microsoft
FrontPage 2002 has the tools to help your business.??Microsoft FrontPage
version 2002 provides the best value in its category. It has integrated
features for Web site creation, Web site management, instant team Web
sites with the SharePoint Team Services team Web solution, e-commerce,
and graphics editing built right in. FrontPage is easy to get started
with. Built-in templates and wizards allow you to create a Web site in
only a matter of minutes, and then customize it to make it your own with
your own graphics, photo gallery, backgrounds, image maps, themes,
fonts, and formatting.


Einai to elliniko office xp professional me enswmatomeno to frontpage 2002 to opoio douleuei 100% xoris kanena provlima.
To serial vriskete se arxeio serial.txt to opoio 8a prepei na to kataxorisete stin arxiki egkatastasi.

By demis1159.