Book Title:  Cobra Killer - Gay Porn Murder and the Manhunt to Bring the Killers to Justice

File Types:  PDF --  DOCX  --  EPUB 


Authors:  Andrew E. Stoner and Peter A. Conway
Publication Year:  June 2012
Publisher:  Magnus Books
Language:  English
Paperback Length:  300 pages
Book Photography:  28 Black & White Photos 

Synopsis:   Authors Peter A. Conway and Andrew E. Stoner tell the twisted story of a pair of young, aspiring gay adult film producers whose quest for fame led to the gruesome murder of the man who stands in their way, gay porn entrepreneur Brian Kocis.  News of the killing of the 44-year-old (stabbed 28 times, his throat slashed to near decapitation) in his suburban home sent shock waves through the small Pennsylvania town.  Neighbors are horrified to hear about the murder but equally astonished to learn that Kocis ran a small but thriving online porn operation from his home, sometimes employing underage young men as models.

The murder investigation led police and prosecutors to the far reaches of the country, from Virginia to New York City, to Las Vegas, and to a nude beach in San Diego where investigators facilitate an incredible suspect surveillance. The manhunt nets a former U.S. Navy veteran and a former Marine, turned male models, turned hustlers, turned porn producers, who ultimately land at the bottom of a delusional conspiracy.  26-year-old Harlow Cuadra and his 35-year-old partner and lover Joseph Kerekes were implicated and eventually convicted in the brutal January 2007 murder of Kocis.  Their motive?  An ill-conceived attempt to lure a rising gay porn star named Brent Corrigan (Sean Lockhart) away from the grips of Kocis and into their crumbling, self-built porn empire.

About the Authors:

Peter A. Conway: An authority on the Kocis murder case, Peter A. Conway operates the blog "Harlow & Joe on Trial."  He lives in Norfolk, VA.

Andrew E. Stoner: Andrew E. Stoner is a former newspaper reporter in the area of law enforcement and true crime writer. He lives in Fort Collins, CO.
