DVDFab Platinum v8.1.6.0 Qt Final

This is a AIO = all in one program double click exe and use clickable buttons.

[img]http://www.dvdfab.com/images/logo.png[/img]

What's New:     DVDFab 8.1.6.0 Qt is out (February 1, 2012) 

New: Some minor changes and improvements.

Blu-ray Copy:
New: Added support for new Java-based protection.
New: "Enable Blu-ray 3D only disc to be played on 2D display" and "Hide PS3 update files" options are enabled by default now.
Fix: Warning dialog “Windows cannot find C:\PROGRA~2\DVDFAB~2\Options\DVDFabxxx.exe” when running DVDFab in certain cases.
Fix: A freeze problem when opening Blu-ray disc in certain cases.
Fix: Blu-ray 2D "Full Disc" backup of Blu-ray 3D disc cannot be played on certain players.
Fix: BD5/BD9 AVCHD backup cannot be played on certain players when "Convert DTS/LPCM audio to AC3" option is enabled.


Features:

DVD Copy v8.1.6.0 aka DVD to DVD
DVDFab DVD Copy is popular worldwide and known for its power and flexibility. You can copy a DVD with just a click or two, or use DVD Copy's many settings to customize the ouput. Burn it to a blank DVD or write the output to a folder or image file on your hard drive or media server, compress content to fit on smaller discs, the choice is yours!

Blu-ray Copy v8.1.6.0 aka Blu-ray to Blu-ray
DVDFab Blu-ray Copy leads the industry in features and options. Remove all known Blu-ray protections, with lightning fast protection updates from our 24/7 server. Copy Blu-ray to blank discs or your PC hard drive, compress them to fit on BD-25 media or even DVD9 or DVD5 discs, all in high definition!

DVD Ripper v8.1.6.0
is able to rip and convert any DVD encrypted by any copy protections to video/audio in a variety of formats for playback on almost all portable devices, and next generation consoles.

Blu-ray 3D Ripper
v8.1.6.0
The first Blu-ray 3D to 3D video ripping software in the world, rips any Blu-ray 3D to AVI, MP4, WMV, and MKV 3D video for playback on 3D display devices. Side-by-side 3D format supported. The 3D type can be left/right or top/bottom. And the video frame size can be full (100%) or half (50%). Just like all DVDFab products, Blu-ray 3D Ripper is also superior in speed and quality, and very easy to use.

Blu-ray to DVD Converter
v8.1.6.0
DVDFab Blu-ray to DVD Converter, the first full-featured and the most powerful Blu-ray to DVD converter in the world, can convert any Blu-ray to DVD-Video disc independently for playback on DVD player or DVD player software, offers people total freedom from Blu-ray to DVD, with super fast speed, great output quality, helpful editing functions, and many other neat features.

Video Converter v8.1.6.0
aka File to Mobile
This handy option allows you to convert quickly between many popular video/audio file formats such as AVI, MP4, MKV, FLV and many more for use on many mobile/portable devices as well as advanced consoles and media players. It has the power and flexibility to produce the output that you need.

DVD Creator v8.1.6.0
Do you want to create your own DVD movies from downloaded videos? Do you want to make special DVD gifts for your family and friends with home videos or vacation videos? DVDFab DVD Creator is the best solution.
DVD Creator supports almost all video formats from video downloads to camcorder videos, including MKV, MP4, AVI, M2TS, TS, MOV, WMV, WMA, 3GP, FLV, M4V, VOB, etc.
It can burn video to any DVD with great output effect, such as DVD9, DVD5, DVD+R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R DL and DVD-R DL.
You can output either DVD disc for sharing, collection, playback… or DVD folder to backup on your computer for later burning.
DVD Creator is easy to use with intuitive interface, and is extremely fast with multi-threading, multi-core CPUs, Intel Quick Sync, and CUDA supported.
Create your own DVD, and enjoy happy user experience!

Blu-ray Creator v8.1.6.0 
Create your own Blu-ray out of your favorite videos, isn't it cool? Well, with DVDFab Blu-ray Creator, it's as easy as a piece of cake.
You can burn any video with Blu-ray Creator since MKV, MP4, AVI, M2TS, TS, MOV, WMV, WMA, 3GP, FLV, M4V, and VOB are all supported. And BD-R, BD-RE, BD-50, BD-25, BD-9, and BD-5 are all OK as target Blu-ray.
If you don't want to burn video into disc, you can also convert it to Blu-ray folder and backup on your PC for later burning. The choice is yours.
DVDFab Blu-ray Creator supports multi-threading, and particularly supports newest technologies like Intel Quick Sync and NVIDIA CUDA to ensure users super fast speed.
So, you'll have happy experience with it, not only due to its powerful function and fast speed, but also for the high quality, and many other neat features. Have fun!

website: http://www.dvdfab.com/

Installation Info:
1)install the dvdfab setup and don't launch
2)open crack folder and  right click on the msvcr90.dll and copy
3)go to the install folder or do the patch same spot 
C:\Program Files\DVDFab 8 QT   and or C:\Program Files(x86)\DVDFab 8 QT
and right click and paste the file and Copy over other msvcr90.dll 
4)start DVDfab program and close welcome screen
and click on the green check mark at the top
and on the top left of the settings window click on general
and in the middle bottom area UNcheck check for new version automaticly click ok
And never update as u will lose your registration
5)enjoy from Slickinator

NOTE: some computers with win 7 64bit  may not work as of yet but has been working on win 7 32bit and windows xp pro
if having problems try right clicking on patch and run as admin .. good luck   

... in there own writing

heres what one person told me that worked for them in windows 7 64bit
For Win 7 (maybe Vista too) 64 bit users, here is what I did to get it to work.
- Ran the file 'DVDFab Platinum v8.1.3.6 Qt Final + Patch'
- Chose to run the setup at the top.
- On install, chose a custom install path. Rather then let it install to the 'Program Files (x86)', erase the (x86). So the path would be 'c:Program FilesDVDFab 8 Qt (32-bit)'
Note: I appended (32-bit) to the name so I would remember that it's a 32-bit app and not 64-bit.
- From the first launch window of DVDFab, choose 'Patch or Crack'. A explorer window should pop up that points to 'C:UsersJoeAppDataLocalTempir_ext_temp_0AutoPlayDocsPatch And Crack'
- Open the 'or Crack' folder.
- Copy the 'msvcr90.dll' file to your 'c:Program FilesDVDFab 8 Qt (32-bit)' folder. Rename the original if needed.
- Go back to your 'Patch and Crack' folder.
- Open the 'DVDFab.Products.v8.x.x.x.Multi.Patch.v1.1-BBB' folder
- Launch 'Patch'
- Press the 'P' button.
- Navigate to your 'c:Program FilesDVDFab 8 Qt (32-bit)' folder and select the 'msvcr90.dll' you copied over from earlier.
- Click 'Open'
That should do it. Open DVDFab and verify that it says in the field "License Expires" it says "Never Expires" 

