                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.



New and Important: Supports all resolutions and ICS, but only 800x480, 854x480, 960x540 and 480x320 devices have 3D drawer enabled! Also ICS has no 3D drawer because it does not contain the "old" opengl interface. But as it is natively accelerated anyway, 2D drawer should be fast.

Make no mistake, this is the fastest launcher you'll ever run. Small, light, configurable. The Gingerbread launcher as it should have been.
Now including configurable homsecreen grid from 4x4 to 6x6, resizeable widgets, and, never seen in any launcher: control over core Android window animation speed.

No useless stuff, no compromises. Performance and usability are the driving forces here.

Feature:

    Based on Gingerbread Launcher2 source code tweaked for extreme speed
    Fully accelerated 3D Waterfall app drawer
    Normal 2D app drawer
    Choice between 3 and 5 icon Dock
    Configurable support for launcher auto-rotation
    Configurable number of homescreens: from 1 to 9
    Configurable default homescreen
    Configurable transition speed of homescreens
    Configurable bounce effect on homescreen transitions
    Configurable Homescreen grid: From 4 to 6 rows, and 4 to 6 columns (must restart FTL for changes to take effect!)
    Hide/show icon titles on homescreen shortcuts
    Configurable Dock icons size
    Configurable infinite looping of homescreens
    Configurable wallpaper scrolling
    Configurable support for scrollable widgets
    Swipe to action: Configurable "swipe up" to open drawer
    Swipe to action: Configurable "swipe down" to pull notification bar
    Includes anim speed: precise control over core Android windows/transition animation speed
    Configurable support for resizeable widgets: only when adding them to the homescreen, you cannot edit them later.


What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 3, 2012)

    Android Jellybean 4.1.1 Compatibility
    Small optimizations

Required Android O/S : 2.1+


                                   By bobiras2009	