Three albums and out, Patto (named after vocalist Mike Patto) were highly regarded on the British rock scene in the '70s. The key point of the band was probably the superb guitar work of the eminently flexible Ollie Halsall, a performer whose session work was highly prized, even though the guitarist seemed hesitant to step into the spotlight. Patto performed a stately mix of jazz-rock with a little bit of blues. Following the breakup of the band, Halsall moved on to play with Tempest while Patto joined Spooky Tooth for Mirror. Patto and Halsall came back together in Boxer in 1975, though Halsall remained for only a single album, with Patto remaining the sole founding member by the following album. Patto died in 1979 of throat cancer. 

- - -

Criminally underrated at the time, but borne into legend by the unspeakable tragedies that awaited its makers, the debut album by Patto can safely be described among the finest jazz-rock fusion albums ever cut by a British band. Mike Patto's vocals certainly match that billing, a throaty, emotive sound that puts one in mind of the effect that Steve Winwood spent much of his career pursuing, while first lieutenant Ollie Halsall's reputation as one of the era's hottest guitarists is revealed as only one of the strings to his bow - early into the opening 'The Man,' he unleashes a mean vibraphone solo as well. However, 'Hold Me Back' quickly restates his lead duty and, though the song itself is little more than a crude rewrite of the Rolling Stones' 'Stray Cat Blues,' the riffs that scythe through the brew are sparkling enough to camouflage any lyrical redundancies. 'Money Bag,' too, offers up a showcase that is difficult to shake, dueling with a scat rhythm section that is tasteful enough to eat, but never overwhelming the mood. The passing of time has not preserved all of Patto's joys - like so much of the fusion of the age, there are elements that sound preposterously overwrought today. At its best, however, it re-establishes all the glories for which Patto was renowned at the time, at its very best, it occasionally even overpowers the group. (allmusic.com)

- - -

Patto - Patto 1970
(Vertigo 2004)

 1. The man 
 2. Hold me back 
 3. Time to die 
 4. Red glow 
 5. San Antone 
 6. Government man 
 7. Money bag 
 8. Sittin' back easy 
 9. Hanging rope
