Course Contents

22 Audio Discs Total

The Complete Remote Viewing Training System

Remote Viewing Secrets Revealed Audio Book and E-Book 1 CD

Training Sessions 7 CDs

Course Guide

The Complete Remote Influencing System

Remote Influencing Secrets Revealed Audio Book and eBook 3 CDs

We offer a special training protocol  specially geared to training with the Combination Package. You will then easily achieve a quantum jump in your inner Creative powers, awareness, intelligence, wisdom, holistic health and biological higher programming.

Most of our new students combine the Remote Viewing and Remote Influencing Training Systems. Studies done at the ARVARI and confirmed by the great deal of feedback received from our trainees, have made it very clear that this is indeed a very powerful combination; much more so than taking the two courses separately. RV skills are greatly enhanced by training with RI and vice ΓÇô versa.

Another noteworthy finding is that many students report a sudden quantum jump in higher skills upon repeating the Combination Course for the second or even third or more time through the course. This represents a high plateau of mind operation.

Quantum Jump your Inner Creative Powers, Awareness, Intelligence, Wisdom, Holistic Health and Biological Higher Reprogramming

Train with the Combination Course!

We have found, after extensive research and testing of numerous combinations, that there is a best sequence to integrate the two courses that will manifest the most beneficiary results for the students. These results are presented in the RV&RI Combination Training System Course.

We are very excited at the dynamics that the combination of the Remote Viewing & Remote Influencing Training Systems represents. This is an ongoing project. Many students have or are achieving tremendous inner changes and purification of anger and fear caused by deep scars or programming lodged within their inner very deep subconscious realms, and are now exhibiting new positive, strongly optimistic reprogrammed personalities, that automatically reject negative fear-based thinking. They seem to operate, even in their same old surroundings, totally stress -free, convinced that they are fine, protected and that all will work out for the best. Even when fear-based situations are thrown at them, they smile and deflect the negative energy.

And they manifest then happiness and inner peace, first in their immediate reality, and hopefully eventually on a much wider basis. We must say that most of these trainees always mention how they notice high synchronicities in their daily lives, and how fast their dreams are now becoming reality.