 http://img832.imageshack.us/img832/3459/thepowerofcommunication.jpg

The Power of Communication[Team Nanban]tmrg

English | 336 Pages | ISBN-10: 013288884X | PDF | 4.5 MB

DESCRIPTION:

Communication is the absolutely indispensable leadership discipline. But too often leaders and professional communicators get mired in tactics and fail to influence public attitudes in the ways that would help them most. The Power of Communication is the solution. World-renowned leadership communication expert Helio Fred Garcia builds on the U.S. Marine Corps’ legendary publication Warfighting, showing how to apply the Corps’ proven leadership and strategy doctrine in all forms of public communication–and achieve truly extraordinary results.

Garcia demonstrates how to orient on audiences, recognize their most critical concerns, and successfully communicate on three levels: strategic, operational, and tactical. You’ll learn how to take the initiative and control the agenda…respond to events with speed and focus…use the power of maneuver…prepare and plan…and put it all together, becoming a “habitually strategic” communicator.

Communication has power, but, as with any powerful tool, it needs to be used effectively or it can cause significant self-inflicted harm. You’ll learn specific, indispensable lessons of leaders communicating effectively, including Apple’s Steve Jobs and the McDonald’s board, as well as from catastrophic mistakes of business and political leaders who got it wrong, from BP’s Tony Hayward to the HP board to FEMA.

If you need to win hearts and minds, you need The Power of Communication–and you need it now.
Words matter: taking language seriously as a leadership discipline
Adapt language to changing circumstances and to the reactions they generate
Words aren’t enough
Learn how what a leader says sets expectations, but what a leader does determines whether trust rises or falls
Take your audience seriously
Connect with your audiences as living, breathing entities
Speed, focus, and capturing the first mover advantage
Define your situation, motives, and actions–before someone else does
Saying it isn’t enough
Master the bearing, physicality, and stagecraft of successful public leadership
Audiences, attention, and retention
Learn how hearts and minds work–and get them to work together for you


PLZ SEED WHILE AND AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"

Visit me on Facebook - Google "TEAM NANBAN TPB"
                              
http://torrent-stats.info/340d/62bcc106.png

TO JOIN TMRG ON FACEBOOK
TMRG IS TORRENT MAFIA RELEASE GROUP	