Jays.Anal.Archives.3.DiSC1.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly
Jays.Anal.Archives.3.DiSC2.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-Jiggly

Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=vfdlwwyltita5pdgvo0r.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=ce4kmf3opk1ll850hepj.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=byjz6r0yfhvm7wpu2ony.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=9mlvingx1rm2qdefu9wd.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=rouz35t87iuxq63mw6z5.jpg


Wesley, Wiska, Joachim Kessef, Priscilla, Steven French, Aisha San, Babe, Natali, Julia , Juliano Ferraz, Cherry Jul, Maya, Vika, Angelina , Miki, Brandon Iron, Alana Evans, Ariana Jollee

Before he arrived at Evil Angel, ass-obsessed director Jay Sin had already gained notoriety with his deep video explorations of the female posterior. “Jay’s Anal Archives 3” is a collection of supreme sexual nastiness featuring scenes that laid the foundation for Jay’s rectal renaissance at the Evil Empire. Along with the director’s usual fetishistic attention to extreme gapes, bizarre object insertion, girl-on-girl rimming and ass-to-mouth play, these particular sessions each feature two girls, often in three-way anal action with black studs — in particular, well-hung ass-banger Joachim Kessef. First, blonde cuties Gabriela and Julia have a forbidden, filthy, ATM-flavored three-way with muscular Wesley and his enormous black cock. Slender beauties Cherry Jul and Maya share a lesbian lickfest and interracial sodomy. Skinny American butt sluts Alana Evans and Ariana Jollee play with large toys (including a baseball bat!) and get their asses plundered by big-dicked stud Brandon Iron. Natalie’s colon is expanded by her friend Vika’s inflatable butt plug; both girls enjoy nasty fun with Joachim, shoving golf balls and his black pole up their gaping rears. Sultry brunettes Angelina and Miki get busy with two studs and are rewarded with tasty anal cream pies. Exotic Asian bimbo Aisha San and her gorgeous, hairy-pussied pal Babe service Joachim’s meat, and blonde sex machine Wiska appears in two rude anal foursomes, one with each of her friends Masha and Priscilla. Lastly, Natali and Julia have an ass-licking, sphincter-stretching four-way cluster fuck. “Jay’s Anal Archives 3” is a butt load of sexual treasures!