“If you are an artist with an iPad and don’t use Procreate; you are crazy. If you don’t yet have an iPad, Procreate is the reason to get one.” Blue Ember Studios (@blue_ember)

Procreate is a professional painting & sketching app, made exclusively for iPad. Engineered using the incredible Silica painting engine, painting & sketching on an iPad has never been so responsive and precise.

As a first for a mobile painting app, Procreate is engineered to allow creation of completely new brushes in a few easy steps. Make every brush your own with 16 fully-customisable characteristics, many of which are unique to Procreate. Import anything from your Photos library to create endless effects!
Procreate uses the advanced OpenGL Silica™ painting engine which has been engineered exclusively for iPad, to use every drop of juice from the GPU (graphical processing unit). The result is unparalleled performance on a mobile device, from incredibly responsive brush strokes and 64-bit smudge sampling, to full brush customisation.
Made for professional illustrators and aspiring artists alike, Procreate is the most advanced sketchbook in the world.
? Desktop grade brushes and tools:
? Desktop grade paint engine, with amazing & precise brush strokes
? 16 customisable brush settings for every brush
? HD canvas size: 1920 x 1408px (iPad 2 only)
? Smudge tool with advanced 64-bit colour calculations
? Eraser tools
? Duplicate, modify and organise brushes
? Evolved brush customisation:
? Import ANY image as a brush grain or shape, allowing unlimited brush possibilities!
? Evolved brush modification with realtime preview of adjustments
? Smart tools remember settings as you switch between them
? Adjust Grain: movement, scale, zoom and rotation
? Adjust Shape: scatter, rotation and randomise
? Adjust Dynamics: opacity & size velocity and paint loading & wetness
? Adjust Plot: spacing and scatter
? Advanced layering system:
? Up to 16 Layers allowing ease of editing and control
? Create, delete and re-order layers
? Duplicate Layers
? Lock alpha pixels for easy masking
? Merge layers up, or down
? Layer blend modes: normal, multiply, add, screen, lighten & exclusion
? Clear layer
? Adjust layer opacity with live thumbnail preview
? Flood fill the canvas with any colour
? Full HSB Colours:
? Extra large colour chooser
? HSB sliders allow for precision colour picking
? Save your favourite colour swatches
.. .

What’s New in Version 1.6.4
• Bug fixes and stability improvements.
• Updated to Pogo Connect SDK 1.1.1 (iPad Mini support)
• Updated to Hex3 JaJa SDK 1.22

Requirements: 
Compatible with iPad. Requires iOS 5.0 or later.