                                  -ZombieWarez-

Please Comment! SEED!!! & Enjoy!


WeatherBug Elite v2.7.30 : Description
Get the latest current conditions, forecasts, radar animation, alerts and more!


Access the world’s largest network of real-time weather sensors for forecasts, alerts and more. The Fastest and Most Targeted Alerts. More Accurate Forecasts. Neighborhood-level Weather in Real-Time. Come experience the WeatherBug difference!

Extreme weather can strike at anytime, anywhere. Experience and benefit from the most advanced early warning system, powered by our Severe Storm Network, and get pinpoint forecasts in your neighborhood and around the world. Know Before.

*NEW* WeatherBug brings minute-by-minute, mile-by-mile My Storm Tracker (MST) lightning storm alerts to your Android smartphone in real-time, for your exact GPS location! Experience the most advanced early warning system, powered by Earth Networks’ Severe Storm Network, the world’s largest real-time weather and lightning network.


Key Features include:

*NEW* My Storm Tracker (MST) Alerts – MST Alerts by Earth Networks provide real-time, minute-by-minute, mile-by-mile updates on lightning-storms near your exact mobile GPS location. WeatherBug monitors storms, alerts users to approaching danger and provides a threat index with suggestions on what to do next.

*NEW* WeatherBuzz – They say knowledge is power, so empower your friends and family with meaningful weather alerts so they can make the right decisions by sharing severe weather alerts with your social network on Facebook! Receive an alert from WeatherBug and easily share it on your timeline so your friends and family can Be in the Know!

*NEW* Dangerous Thunderstorm Alerts (DTAs) – DTAs by Earth Networks automatically provide the most advanced weather and lightning-based alerts to severe weather that is moving into an identified area near you. Our Severe Storm Network monitors storm development in real-time, so you can get double the warning time to severe weather such as high winds, hail, heavy rain rates, lightning strikes and tornadoes.

Severe Weather Alerts – Alerts from the National Weather Service (NWS) and the exclusive WeatherBug network keep you aware of severe weather conditions at your current and saved locations!

100% Ad Free – Enjoy your weather information without advertisements!

My Location – Automatically updates your weather information based on the closest weather station to you in your neighborhood through GPS.


Weather Cams – View live images from more than 2,000 weather cameras across the U.S. to get a better picture (pun intended) of the weather around you!

Pin-Point Map Conditions – Press and hold anywhere on the map and drop a pin to view current conditions from our exclusive network of weather stations.

Visual Forecasts – Easy to read, at–a–glance displays of essential weather information you need quickly and easily.
unlimited Saved Locations – Save all your locations without any restrictions!



Live Active Wallpaper - Customize your phone with our live wallpaper!
Be prepared. Know before. Download the app used by millions, voted “Best Weather App Ever” and trusted as a “Best App for Moms” - WeatherBug.

*U.S. Only