Follow my uploads here:                               
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                                
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Hear a song you don't know? Shazam identifies it instantly. Unlimited, no Ads.
Faster tagging. Now discover, explore and share more music, TV shows and brands you love in as little as one second.
With unlimited tagging use Encore as much as you want, and experience more of what you like, faster.

You can also:

    Save and listen again (30 sec previews)
    Launch a music station with Pandora
    Get recommended tracks based on the music you like
    See streaming lyrics in time to the music
    Buy tracks easily on Amazon MP3
    View extra content as you watch TV
    Watch music videos & concerts from YouTube
    Listen to your tagged music in Spotify
    Share on Facebook & Twitter
    Discover new music in Shazam Friends & Charts
    See when an artist is touring
    Use it when you don’t have a signal
    When you see the Shazam prompt on TV, tag for extra content
    Tag from your home screen with the Shazam Widget
    Remember where you tagged a track with Location

“This is the best thing EVER!” Hoda Kotb of NBC’s Today Show

Upgrade to Shazam Encore for no banner ads and exclusive features – link to Pandora and get music recommendations.

Notes:

    Previews available: US,UK,DE, FR, CH, AT 
    Lyrics and LyricPlay available: US, CA, UK, FR, IT, DE, ES, AU, NZ.
    Spotify available:UK, US, FR, ES, NL, SE, NO, FI.
    Shazam supports devices with cellular connection

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 21, 2012)

    Comment on your friends’ tags! See what they’re tagging with Shazam Friends and chat about your favorite finds.
    And now in the US tag and comment on TV shows as you’re watching. Tag shows, get content, go social.
    Improved Tag result design - now see artwork in all its glory

Required Android O/S : 1.6+



                                By bobiras2009		