This book teaches basic computer forensics to any level computer user. You do not need to be an intermediate or advanced computer user to understand this book or to know how to implement any of the procedures. It's very easy to navigate, with clear screenshots as examples.

Stop Cyberbullying
Catch Your Spouse Cheating
Stop Pornography Addiction
Save Your Teen from Suicide
Save Your Child from a Pedophile
Stop a Compulsive Online Gambler
Prevent Mass Murders or Terrorism
Discover Who’s Wasting Company Time

ANYONE CAN UNDERSTAND IT!
ANYONE CAN DO IT!


“Wow!!! This is a must read for everyone. Education, Education, Education. I can’t stress it enough. There is information in this book I would never even think of, that is happening all over the world. Help your children, friends and loved ones by becoming knowledgeable about the World Wide Web.”

Denise Brown
Victim Advocate
denisebrown.com


“In clear, concise and easy-to-understand language, Travis Morgan provides guidance about the use and misuse of computers and helps us all protect kids (and the rest of us!) from being exposed to often harmful materials on-line. Let him walk you through these basics -- we’ll all be better off for it.”

Pamela Pine, PhD, MPH
Stop the Silence: Stop Child Sexual Abuse, Inc.
stopcsa.org


“This book is an exceptionally clear and helpful computer forensics tool for the common layperson. As a pathologist in law enforcement, an educator, and a computer hobbyist, I cannot overstate the value of what this author is offering you.”

Edward R. Friedlander M.D.


“I would recommend this book for anyone who owns a computer. This is an easy-to-read and helpful resource to help keep our families safe online.”

Jo Marsden
predators.tv


“I feel that Travis Morgan has created a book that is simple to read with a purpose and focus that is beneficial to all. I feel this book is an excellent resource for parents of any aged children. It shows how to actively monitor computer usage as well as tips for discussing certain issues/behaviors with a child. Additionally, the book encourages an open communication between spouses regarding on-line behaviors. It is a particularly good read for anybody who is not computer savvy.
As an educator and a parent, I would recommend this book as a great resource for anybody wanting to learn how to monitor internet and on-line activity of your child.”

Kevin E. Smisek
High School Administrator & Former Head Coach


“A must read for all parents on how to keep your children safe on the internet. The How-to’s will give you the knowledge to investigate activity and websites that have been viewed on any computer and teach you how to block inappropriate sites. By doing a little research and monitoring your computer, you will ultimately keep your children and family safe on the internet.”

Darlene Tarnoski
Women Against Child Trafficking
womenagainstchildtrafficking.org