Tom Clancys Ghost Recon Future Soldier (2012) [SKIDROW] by azaq318

RePack, so it's smaller in size.

Only ENGLISH.

RELEASE NOTES

 There is nothing fair, honorable, or just about combat. There is only
 winning and losing the dead and the living. The Ghosts don't worry
 about even odds. They do everything in their power to overwhelm and
 obliterate the enemy. Future technology is the key to winning an
 asymmetric battle
 In Ghost Recon Future Soldier join an elite team of highly trained
 cut-throat special-ops soldiers. Armed to the teeth with unrivalled
 combat technology and cutting-edge military hardware, Ghost Recon takes
 you to the globe's most deadly warzones to hunt down the highest value
 targets
 When you're outnumbered Only the dead fight fair

 Features:

 In Ghost Recon Future Soldier you will be equipped with the most
 advanced combat technology designed to overwhelm and obliterate the
 enemy
 Cross Com:
 Stay one step ahead of the enemy: Cross Com gives you real time intel
 projected directly on your goggles. The HUD allows you to control
 drones on the fly, as well as locate key enemy targets
 Optical Camouflage:
 Be invisible: Use optical camouflage to move undetected through hot
 spots and gain the upper hand on your enemies
 Sync Shot:
 Tag 'em and bag 'em: Use the tagging feature on the ground or by drone
 to coordinate synchronized attacks on enemy targets

Instructions:   
                                            
1. Install                                                              
2. Start game and you will be presented with the Ubisoft login screen  
3. Username is of course SKIDROW, leave it like that                   
4. Type 123456 as password and put a mark in "remember me"           
5. Hit the Play button!                                              
6. Play the game     

Screens: 
http://picbug.ru/share-1525_4FE19A6E.html 
http://picbug.ru/share-FC23_4FE19A6E.html 
http://picbug.ru/share-FF72_4FE19A6E.html 
http://picbug.ru/share-1280_4FE19A6E.html