Plug And Mix V.I.P Bundle v3.0.2



I have included Air Keygen and Activator for you, so the next update you only have to download from the autor site the bundle. 3Nj0Y






After 9 months of hard labor, we at P&M are so proud to announce the birth of version 3.0 of our V.I.P series plug-ins that adds full 64-bit support for Mac OS 10,8 (Mountain Lion) and Windows 8, as well as support of Avid’s AAX format.

Version 3.0 also includes the 14 most requested plug-ins by our users to complement the 26 existing plug-ins of the V.I.P. Bundle

~We have been working very closely with our chosen developers to create the plug-ins that our customers have requested. Sound quality was the priority as well as the goal of making the plug-ins as easy and efficient as the existing tool set included in the V.I.P. Bundle.

Now we have a total of 40 creative audio tools that we are very proud of, they let the Professionals and audio enthusiasts take immediate control of their mixes and get superb results without searching through a multitude of parameters. Communicating end users feedback to innovative developers enabled us to create great sounding and easy to use audio plug-ins and that was our goal ! We hope you will enjoy working with P&M professional software.






New:

14 hot new plug-Ins requested by users : Octaplexer - Psycho Ring - Ob La Wah - Electro Q Tone - Talking Tone - Deluxe Tilt - Ambiosoniq - Stereolizer - Maxbass - Screamer - Liquid Air Q - Vinylizer - Granulizer - Ls Rotator

Full AAX support with RTAS backward compatibility for windows.

Minor bug fixes and plug-in enhancements following users reports.

bug in EchoFlex - Echo Time (ms) was not recalling correct time info.

bug in Cool Vibe - Speed knob was not recalling correctly.

Deluxe Tilt (AU format) wasn't opening the plug-in's window.



PLATFORM : WiN32 - VST/RTAS, WiN64 - VST


more at ---> http://www.plugandmix.com/support/downloads/


INSTALLATION

• Uninstall previous versions.

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Install


         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!