Screens:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/68000/photo-67503.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/68000/photo-67504.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/68000/photo-67505.jpg

The Witcher 2 Assassins of Kings Enhanced Editon-SKIDROW
The Witcher 2 Assassins of Kings Enhanced Editon (c) CD Projekt RED

17-04-2012....Release Date - Protection.................Nothing
RPG..............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 BLU-RAY

RELEASE NOTES

Defining new standards for realistic, non-linear game narration, The
Witcher 2 spins a mature, thought-provoking tale to produce one of the
most complex and unique RPGs ever released on consoles. In addition to
its epic story, the game features a complex combat system that
uniquely combines dynamic action and tactical depth.

Enhanced Edition features:

Compared to the initial award winning PC release, the Enhanced Edition
features lots of new and exciting content:

Additional hours of gameplay: New major adventures set in previously
unseen locations, expanding the story and introducing new characters,
mysteries and monsters.

New Game Introduction and cinematics: All new animations and cut
scenes, including a new, three and a half minute pre-rendered cinematic
depicting the assassination of King Demavend of Aedirn.

BAFTA Award winner and Academy Award nominee Tomasz Baginski brings
this key historical event to life, setting the stage for the story told
in The Witcher 2.

All of the up-to-date DLC and improvements introduced in the 2.0
version of the PC game, including:

Arena Mode - an arcade mode that allows players to fight against
endless waves of enemies and test their combat skills. Players can
share their results with their friends by uploading high scores to the
forums or to Facebook .

A new, extensive tutorial system - allows gamers to be gradually and
smoothly immersed in the game world and Geralt's adventures.

Dark Mode - a difficulty level designed for hardcore players, with
unique dark-themed items. At this difficulty level, even greater
emphasis is placed on battle preparation, defensive maneuvers and
opportunistic attacking.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy 