Skateboard Video - Roll With Us (Vans 2008) - DVD Rip - Avi

Company: Vans
Year: 2008
Length: 30 minutes (inc extras)
Category: Skateboard Video


Skaters:

Chris Pfanner
Danny Wainwright
Florentin Marfaing
Hugo Liard
Ignacio Morata
Kris Vile
Ross McGouran
Samuel Partaix
Tomas Vintr

Soundtrack Artists:

Ersi Arvizu - El Arbol
Dropkick Murphys - I'm Shipping Up to Boston
DeVotchKa - The Clockwise Witness
Pete Philly & Perquisite - Empire


Format: Avi
Size: 584MB


Notes:

Though this is a promo video for Vans it does contain some awesome skateboarding. The best tricks are pulled in the streets not the skate parks. These guys rip through the streets, jumping stairs, climbing walls and grinding railings to a gangster soundtrack. The extras from the DVD are included and check out China Tour 2 for the best tricks. China's concrete jungle can't keep these animals in the Great Cage.

  

Rip Method:

Ripped with DVD Decrypter and AutoGK. 

Step 1:

Select Main Movie (Edit Menu) in DVD Decrypter. Choose output folder and press start. Once done open Auto GK and select IFO for input file and then select the output folder. Set custom size and in advanced options choose XviD codec and then Fixed Width 720 and for audio choose AC3. Then hit Ctrl + F9 to unlock hidden menu. In the hidden menu deselect colour correction and select Force sharp MPEG and Force deinterlacing. Exit Hidden Menu. Click Add Job and press start. If the compressiblity test shows less than 70 percent then stop and increase custom size. Anything above 70 percent is good quality.

Step 2:

To rip the extras go back to DVD Decrypter and look for the other PGC titles (these are the extras). These will have a different length in minutes to the Main Movie and click the PGC to select. Choose a new output folder and press start. Return to Auto GK and do the same as Step 1. 


Thanks to the YouTube member 'hackstube' whose video called 'How to Rip DVD to AVI - 700MB HD' gave me the above tips. 
