4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate is one professional yet easy-to-use ultimate video converter software, which not only can rip DVD to all popular videos and audios but also convert between any video formats including MPG, MP4, FLV, VOB, MOD, M4V, AVI etc., along with HD videos and extract audio from these videos. It also converts between all audio formats with super fast conversion speed and excellent quality.

Apart from the main converting function, 4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate also has very powerful editing functions: Trim, Crop, Join, and Watermark. Accompanied with the friendly and easy user-interface, 4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate can bring you the brand-new visual perception.

Rip DVD movies and convert videos to other video and audio formats 
Extract audio from DVD and video and convert to any audio formats 
Comprehensive editing functions: Effect, Trim, Crop, Join, and Snapshot, etc.

Key Features:

Professional Converting Functions
4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate is capable of rip DVD to any mainstream video and audio formats, like MP4, AVI, WMV, AAC, MP4, etc. 
This ultimate video converter can convert all videos to any other video and audio formats for your enjoyment. 
It can be used to convert DVD and video for iPad 2, iPhone 4, iRiver, PSP and other portable devices.

Versatile Editing Functions
You can preview the original video and output video effect at the same time with the assistance of 4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate, and adjust the video effects by modifying the video Contrast, Brightness, Saturation. 
4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate has the trim function, which helps you get any time-length video or audio clips from your video sources. 
With 4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate, you can adjust the size of video play region and the output aspect ratio to get the perfect playing effect. 
Merge your selected DVD chapters/titles or video sources into one file after conversion for you to enjoy successively. 
Personalize your video by putting a watermark in the form of text or image.

Various Setting Functions
Select you need audio track and subtitle for output video. You can also choose the output video format for your player from the drop-down list. 
All the detailed video and audio settings are provided for you to choose, such as Video Encoder, Resolution, Frame Rate, Video Bitrate, Audio Encoder, Sample Rate, Channels, Audio Bit rate. All settings can be saved as user-defined profile for your later use. 

Convenient and Efficient
4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate is really easy to use. The whole process of conversion can be finished in just a few of clicks. 
4Videosoft Video Converter Ultimate adopts NVIDIA┬« CUDAΓäó technology, which provides you with the fastest conversion speed(6X faster), completely support multi-core CPUs.

Install:

- run application
- apply patch