GN - 10 out of 10 - Editor's Choice
TOUCH GEN - 5 out of 5 - Editor's Choice
TOUCH ARCADE - 5 out of 5
G4TV.COM - 5 out of 5
APPOLICIOUS - 5 out of 5
MODOJO - 5 out of 5
SLIDE TO PLAY - 4 out of 4
GAMESPOT - 9 out of 10 - Editor's Choice 

IGN - "Infinity Blade 2 is a must own" 
Touch Arcade - "An iOS Masterpiece"
INTO MOBILE - "The King of iOS Gaming Continues its Reign."
IGN - "The Perfect Sequel" 

The God King has been defeated, an unlikely hero has emerged and now you must discover the truth behind the secrets of the Infinity Blade. The continuing journey of young Siris unfolds as you delve deeper into the world of the Deathless tyrants and their legion of Titans. Can you unlock all the mysteries and successfully wield the power of the Infinity Blade in this timeless swordplay adventure of champions and villains?

A Robust & Dynamic 3D World: 
Explore beautiful and immersive environments that dynamically change over time during your travels and venture to exotic locations such as the Asian themed Saydhi’s Estate or the medieval inspired Vault of Tears featuring multiple paths to explore. 

Featuring 3 All-New Styles of Combat: 
Now you can choose from multiple classes of weapons, armor and spells, each with specialized capabilities such as Dual Wielding, Two-Handed and the standard Weapon & Shield class. Learn each discipline by using Infinity Blade II’s intuitive pick-up and play game play style that is easy to use, yet difficult to master! 

Infinity Blade’s Trademark Character Customization Evolved: 
Create and forge even more powerful weapons with mystical objects you discover and collect along your journey, expanding your overall arsenal with all-new elemental powers & capabilities! 

The Secrets of Your Past Revealed: 
Delve deeper into the fantastical story of Infinity Blade as your journey leads you to the realm of the mysterious Deathless Saydhi and discover the truth about the Worker of Secrets and the powers he holds. 

The Latest in iOS features Powered by Unreal Technology: 
The definitive visual experience in mobile gaming, complete with all-new iCloud support and HDMI output. 

Universal App: 
Play Infinity Blade on iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPad, iPad 2, iPod Touch 3 (16 GB and above), or iPod Touch 4 for a single low price. 

Notes: 
- If you are experiencing technical issues with the App, please visit the Infinity Blade II support page at http://infinitybladegame.com/faq
- It is highly recommended that you upgrade your device to iOS 5