This is the game discs for PlayOnline 32 bit, FFXI, and all of the expansions up to WoG. The newer, mini-expansions are downloaded during the updating process, but you have to purchase registration codes for access to the content they add. 

In order to play you will need your own registration codes, and have to pay the monthly fee of $12.99 + $1 for each additional character. Sorry I do not have any extra codes to spare. You might ask around on one of the FFXI community forums, such as FFXIAH, or Allakhazam. Sometimes people who have bought the game for more than one platform will have extra codes they aren't using, and are willing to share them if you ask politely. 

To install:

1. Burn the images to disc, or mount them with whatever DVD/CD emulator you prefer (Daemon Tools, Alcohol 120%, etc.)

2. Install POL. If you are using Windows Vista 64bit, or Windows 7 64bit download the 64 bit client, and install it instead: http://www.playonline.com/ff11us/download/media/vista01.html. XP, and Vista/7 32bit users should use the file included this download. (I have no clue how to go about running this under Linux via WINE, but from what I understand it can be done.)
 
3. Install the core game.

4. Install the expansions. It doesn't matter in which order.

5. Configure POL and FFXI (separately). You can find the configuration tools under the Windows Start -> All programs -> PlayOnline.
 
6. Enjoy.

The POL, Core game, and RoZ discs are from 2004, and the other expansions are from whenever each one first came out. Please be patient during the updating process, because you are downloading several years worth of patches, and added content. In my experience it usually takes me around 3 or 4 hours to update after a reinstall, even though the download manager will probably estimate it to be more like 7 or 8 hours. 

If you try installing this during, or immediately after a maintenance, or version update, the servers will likely be flooded with everyone else attempting to update to the current version, which will slow you down significantly, or possibly prevent you from updating at all. Don't panic. The worst case scenario is that you might have to wait a day or so longer. 



