Science Confronts the Paranormal 
by Kendrick Frazier
Prometheus Books | February 1986 | ISBN-10: 0879753145 | PDF/EPUB/MOBI/LIT | 12 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Science-Confronts-Paranormal-Kendrick-Frazier/dp/0879753145

Best articles from 5 years of The Skeptical Inquirer.
Thirty-eight articles by 34 different authors covering a wide range of paranormal subjects: parapsychology; ESP 'research'; astrology; UFOs; fringe archaeology; creationism; & cryptozoology.
A rich source of critical examination of wild claims. This collection of critical essays and investigative reports examines virtually every area of fringe science and the paranormal from a refreshingly scientific and clear-minded viewpoint. The authors are noted scientists, philosophers, psychologists, and writers. All bring to the task a determination to sift sense from nonsense and fact from fiction in an area notorious for misinformation, misperception, self-delusion, and wishful thinking. They do so in a way that highlights the differences between real science and pseudoscience.They've made special efforts first to find the actual facts behind numerous claims that have popular appeal, and then to explain and communicate what scientific investigation and reasoning reveal about them. Subjects treated to incisive and entertaining examination include astrology, ESP, psychic detectives, psychic predictions, parapsychology, remote-viewing, UFOs, creationism, the Shroud of Turin, coincidences, cult archaeology, palmistry and fringe medicine. There are also explorations of the implications of paranormal beliefs for science education.

CONTENTS
Part I - Assessing Claims of Paranormal Phenomena
Parapsychology and Belief
1 - Debunking, Neutrality, and Skepticism in Science
2 - The New Philosophy of Science and the ' Paranormal '
3 - Parapsychology' s Past Eight Years : A Lack-of Progress Report
4 - Sense and Nonsense in Parapsychology
Expectation and Misperception
5 - On Coincidences
6 - Fooling Some of the People All of the Time
7 - Misperception, Folk Belief, and the Occult: A Cognitive Guide to Understanding
8 - The Great Stone Face and Other Nonmysteries
9 - Sir Oliver Lodge and the Spiritualists
Claims of Mind and Distance
10 - Outracing the Evidence : The Muddled ' Mind Race '
11 - Remote Viewing Revisited
12 - Gerard Croiset: Investigation of the Mozart of "Psychic Sleuths "
1 3 - Croiset and Professor Tenhaeff: Discrepancies in Claims of Clairvoyance
Claims of Mind and Matter
14 - The Columbus Poltergeist Case
15 - The Project Alpha Experiment
16 - Lessons of a Landmark PK Hoax
18 - How Not to Test a Psychic: The Great SRI Die Mystery
Claims of Mind and Body
19 - Iridology: Diagnosis or Delusion?
20 - Palmistry: Science or Hand-Jive?
Psychic Flim-Flam: An Example
21 - Prediction After the Fact: Lessons of the Tamara  Rand Hoax

Part II - Evaluating Fringe Science
Astrology
22 - Scientific Tests of Astrology Do Not Support Its Claims
23 - Alternative Explanations in Science: The Extroversion-Introversion . . .
24 - The Alleged Lunar Effect
25 - The Moon Is Acquitted of Murder in Cleveland 
UFOs
26 - The Claim of a Government UFO Coverup
27 - An Eye-Opening Double Encounter
28 - Hypnosis and UFO Abductions
29 - Hypnosis Gives Rise to Fantasy and Is Not a Truth Serum
Fringe Archaeology
30 - Deciphering Ancient America
31 - American Disingenuous : Goodman ' s ' American Genesis ' -A New Chapter in . .
32 - The Nazca Drawings Revisited: Creation of a Full-Sized Duplicate
33 - Science and the Mountain Peak
34 - Creationist Pseudoscience
35 - Paluxy Footprints
36 - The Shroud of Turin: A Critical Appraisal
37 - Shroud Image Is the Work of an Artist
Cryptozoology
38 - Sonar and Photographic Searches for the Loch Ness Monster: A Reassessment


