Book Description

Build agile and responsive Business Intelligence solutions

Analyze tabular data using the BI Semantic Model (BISM) in Microsoft® SQL Server® 2012 Analysis Services—and discover a simpler method for creating corporate-level BI solutions. Led by three BI experts, you’ll learn how to build, deploy, and query a BISM tabular model with step-by-step guides, examples, and best practices. This hands-on book shows you how the tabular model’s in-memory database enables you to perform rapid analytics—whether you’re a professional BI developer new to Analysis Services or familiar with its multidimensional model.

Discover how to:

    Determine when a tabular or multidimensional model is right for your project
    Build a tabular model using SQL Server Data Tools in Microsoft Visual Studio® 2010
    Integrate data from multiple sources into a single, coherent view of company information
    Use the Data Analysis eXpressions (DAX) language to create calculated columns, measures, and queries
    Choose a data modeling technique that meets your organization’s performance and usability requirements
    Optimize your data model for better performance with xVelocity storage engine
    Manage complex data relationships, such as multicolumn, banding, and many-to-many
    Implement security by establishing administrative and data user roles


Table of Contents
Chapter 1. Introducing the Tabular Model
Chapter 2. Getting Started with the Tabular Model
Chapter 3. Loading Data Inside Tabular
Chapter 4. DAX Basics
Chapter 5. Understanding Evaluation Context
Chapter 6. Querying Tabular
Chapter 7. DAX Advanced
Chapter 8. Understanding Time Intelligence in DAX
Chapter 9. Understanding xVelocity and DirectQuery
Chapter 10. Building Hierarchies
Chapter 11. Data Modeling in Tabular
Chapter 12. Using Advanced Tabular Relationships
Chapter 13. The Tabular Presentation Layer
Chapter 14. Tabular and PowerPivot
Chapter 15. Security
Chapter 16. Interfacing with Tabular
Chapter 17. Tabular Deployment
Chapter 18. Optimizations and Monitoring
Book Details

    Paperback: 656 pages
    Language: English
    ISBN-10: 0735658188
    ISBN-13: 978-0735658189

    File Format: PDF | EPUB | PDF + EPUB