From Kink.com  (Hogtied) Wmv  + Pics




We start with a fidgeting and nervous, tan 19 year old Cassandra Nix. She tentatively answers the questions of curious members for the live show, expressing her excitement and willingness to endure the HogTied treatment. Matt comes in, binding her neck and we start to get more smiles from her. After more questions, Matt orders her to undress nice and sexy. She looks into the camera and takes her time showing us her nice tight ass and puffy nipples.


Matt begins by binding her in a box tie, explaining his methods of construction and safety. After being bound in a torso tie, Matt has Cassandra eat Isis's gorgeous ass. Isis shakes her nice ass and rubs it all over Cassandra's face, ordering her to go as deep as possible with her long tongue. Enough of ass, Matt needs service too. After a nice hard deep throat session, Matt drags her over to the floor and begins to bind her feet. Isis sits on her face and demands that Cassandra eat her ass as Isis rubs Cassandra's pussy through her panties.


Matt binds one leg into the air, spreading her legs wide open, and Isis rides her face. As punishment for coming to HT with a hairy pussy he trims her pubic hair with scissors and makes her eat it.


 From top to bottom Matt canes her feet and encourages her to take as much as she can. She is very tough and takes it all. After suffering with the sensation, she gets her reward. Isis vibrates her cunt, removing away the vibrator Matt flogs her cunt. Isis vibes her again. Matt flogs again. They repeat this cycle. All Cassandra has to do is cum and her torment is over. She just can't seem to. Isis and Matt are bored.


Matt adds a crotch rope and ties it to her neck. He hoists her leg into the air even further and she has to precariously balance her body to avoid all of the tension on her swollen cunt. Matt makes it more difficult caning her feet. For the last 10 seconds Matt hoists her up into the most extreme he can make the position. He releases her... she never gets to cum!



Screens  http://www.hogtied.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=20438


Cheers  :-)

