EverQuest House of Thule is the seventeenth expansion of the groundbreaking EverQuest franchise, now in its unprecedented twelfth year. EverQuest House of Thule continues to add immersive gameplay, captivating storytelling and exciting worlds to the EverQuest legacy, set in a never-before-seen dreamland full of mystery and adventure. House of Thule offers an expansion rich in content and packed with game-changing features including a level cap increase and the addition of player housing, which new players, veterans and MMO fans will relish.


House of Thule Storyline: Across Norrath prominent figures are falling into dream-induced comas. The clerics and mystics of the land are powerless to wake their leaders from their unnatural sleep, evidence that something is deeply wrong in the world of dreams. A strange home has appeared in the Feerrott jungle, its look sinister, its purpose, unknown. Upon entering the house, the air is thick with tension, caused by an ensuing conflict between the Thule deities: Cazic, Terris and Morell, the Lord of Dreams. Their turmoil has affected the world of Norrath, clashing reality with delusion, and around every twisting passageway, dreams and nightmares take on their physical forms. Unhinged by imagination, there's no way of knowing what beings lay in wait for intrepid explorers. Prevail over the overlords of the House of Thule. Unravel its secrets and prevent Norrath from being consumed by the power of its dreams.

Go from 85 to 90 - Achieve a new max level of 90 and set a new standard of gameplay
More than 800 AAs - Elevate your power and abilities beyond the norm
In-game Housing Addition - Make your permanent mark on the world! Collect and display treasured items
New Housing Trophy System - Display your trophies and receive statistical benefits
Hundreds of New Housing Items - Decorate your house to your own style
System Requirements

 	Minimum Specifications:	Recommended Specifications:
OS:	Win 7, Vista and XP
Processor:	Pentium II 400 equivalent or greater	Pentium 4 equivalent or greater
RAM:	256 MB	1 GB
Hard Drive:	500 MB Hard Drive Space; 8 GB Available Hard Drive Space (depending on how many expansions are installed)	 
Video Card:	ATI Radeon 7500/NVidia GeForce 1 equivalent or greater* (Note: All Direct 3D cards not supported. DirectX 9.0b or greater is required for all XP/Vista. System requirements subject to change as the game progresses and you may need to upgrade your current system (or obtain a new system) to play the game over its lifetime.)	NVidia GeForce FX 5700/ATI Radeon 9500 equivalent or greater* (*Note: All Direct 3D cards not supported. DirectX 9.0b or greater is required for all XP/Vista. System requirements subject to change as the game progresses and you may need to upgrade your current system (or obtain a new system) to play the game over its lifetime.)
Additional Info:	DirectX 9.0
28K + Internet Connection (56.6K + Internet Connection Recommended)
Supported Video Cards at Time of Release:	Unknown