The Death of Superman is a 1992 comic book storyline that occurred in DC Comics' Superman titles. The completed multi-issue story arc was given the title The Death and Return of Superman. 

In the story, Superman engages in battle with a seemingly unstoppable killing machine named Doomsday in the streets of Metropolis. At the fight's conclusion, both combatants die from their wounds in Superman 75.

The storyline, devised by editor Mike Carlin and the Superman writing team of Dan Jurgens, Roger Stern, Louise Simonson, Jerry Ordway, and Karl Kesel, met with enormous success. The Superman titles gained international exposure, reaching to the top of the comics sales charts and selling out overnight. The event was widely covered by national and international news media. The storyline was adapted into a 2007 animated film, Superman: Doomsday.

On the last page of several comics prior to Superman: The Man of Steel 18, a gloved fist is shown punching a steel wall, accompanied by the caption, Doomsday is coming! In that issue, Superman fights the Underworlders while a hulking figure in a green suit rampages through a pastoral field. This marks the first of seven issues in the Death of Superman story proper, which would continue through all four of the Superman books at that time, and one issue of Justice League America, before culminating in Superman 75.

The climactic event happened in Superman 75. The issue only contains 22 panels, and every page was a single panel, which was a structure building on the previous issues. The entire story was immediately collected into a trade paperback and titled The Death of Superman.

The funeral that followed featured many of Superman's fellow heroes and friends, including most of the Justice League of America, and a mausoleum was built in Metropolis in honor of the Man of Steel. During this time, every hero in the DC Universe (even Guy Gardner and Green Arrow, neither of whom had ever personally gotten along with him) sported a black arm band featuring the S-Shield logo. Some time later, Project Cadmus stole Superman's body from his mausoleum, which had been ironically provided by his longtime foe Lex Luthor, who said that if he couldn't kill Superman, then he at least wanted to bury him. It was hypothesized that they were attempting to clone him. The body was recovered by Lois Lane and Supergirl.

The stories after the funeral often dealt with the emotions felt by the general public as well as specific characters entwined within Superman's world, including Lois Lane, Clark Kent's parents, and even a number of supervillains. The contemporary real-life President of the United States and First Lady, Bill and Hillary Clinton, were also included in a scene during the funeral. With Superman gone, crime rises up again and the costumed heroes of Metropolis rise to fill in as protectors. Supergirl, Gangbuster, Thorn, and even Team Luthor, a Lexcorp-sponsored team, all tried but were not sufficient. Meanwhile, Jonathan Kent took the death of his adoptive son the hardest and as a result suffered a heart attack. At this point, all Superman comic titles went on a three-month hiatus.

The story was also collected into trade paperback form. Rather than using the banner title Funeral for a Friend, the title used for the collection was World Without a Superman.

This torrent was created to honor a request, and includes ALL issues of The Death Of Superman story (Doomsday;) the prologue (Approaching Doom;) the funeral (Funeral For A Friend;) the aftermath (Reign Of The Superman;) and his return (Return Of Superman,) too.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
