The Children of Huang Shi (2008)

Nederlands
Na de Japanse invasie van het Chinese Mantsjoerije in 1937,
lopen de spanningen in heel China hoog op.
De jonge Britse journalist George Hogg (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) krijgt ongevraagd de leiding over een jongensweeshuis,
een lastige taak vanwege zijn gebrekkige kennis van de Chinese taal en cultuur.
Gelukkig krijgt hij hulp van de stoere Australische verpleegster Lee Pearson (Radha Mitchell).
Als de oorlog het weeshuis erg dicht begint te naderen,
organiseert Hogg samen met Lee en guerrillastrijder Chen (Chow Yun-Fat) een enorme voettocht dwars door China
om de zestig weesjongens in veiligheid te brengen. Ze trotseren de koude winter om dwars door de woestijn de veilige tempels van Shandan te bereiken.

English
People thrown into an unexpected and desperate situation discover their capacity for love and responsibility.
A young Englishman, George Hogg,
comes to lead sixty orphaned boys on a journey of over 500 perilous miles across
the snow-bound Liu Pan Shan mountains to safety on the edge of the Mongolian desert.
And how, in doing so, he comes to understand the meaning of courage. During his journey,
Hogg learns to rely on the support of Chen, the leader of a Chinese communist partisan group who becomes his closest friend.
He soon finds himself falling in love with Lee,
a recklessly brave Australian nurse whom war has turned into an unsentimental healer on horseback.
Along the way Hogg befriends Madame Wang, an aristocratic survivor who has also been displaced by war,
who helps the young Englishman, his friends and their sixty war orphans make their way across mountain
and desert regions to a place of safety near the western end of the Great Wall of China.

Spotinformatie

Source............: Retail
Formaat...........: DVD5
Video.............: PAL
Audio.............: English DD5.1
Genre.............: Drama
Subs..............: nederlands instelbaar
Menu..............: Yes
jaar uitgave......: 2008
Cover & label.....: Yes
Audio.............: English spoken
Speelduur.........: 114 minuten