      Undercover Boss Canada | s01e06 | Molson Coors Brewing Company

Undercover Boss Canada is the latest in a franchise of shows in more than a few languages which feature high ranking executives working among the commoners in the company to see what it is really like. Rarely do they ever seem to find anything bad. 

IMDb has finally approved the entry for this series so now non-VIPs can upload the episodes. IMDb still has not approved the entry for this episode or the one that follows it - gotta love the efficiency there. 


IN THIS EPISODE

With Molson CEO Dave Perkins too recognizable for the job, Chief Legal Officer Kelly Brown goes undercover in the Molson Coors Breweries across Canada. A new mother, Kelly leaves her young daughter at home, traveling from east to west to brave the production line and overnight shifts. Working in a male-dominated industry, Kelly connects with other women in the breweries to see what they face on the job ΓÇô and she is surprised by what she learns. As well, facing public criticism from beer lovers of MolsonΓÇÖs ΓÇ£industrialΓÇ¥ taste, Kelly gets into the hops and testing at the Creemore plant. She also checks if corners are being cut safety-wise. She discovers employee dedication she can raise a glass to, and makes some emotional connections along the way.


FROM THE NFO FILE

 Release Name----- Undercover.Boss.CA.S01E06.HDTV.XviD-2HD
 Release Date----- 03/11/2012
 Release Size----- 349Mb
 Source----------- HDTV
 Play Time-------- 00:44:30
 Resolution------- 624x352
 Frame Rate------- 23.98
 Video Bitrate---- 957kbps
 Video Codec------ XVID
 Audio -----------       48000 Hz 2ch, 128kbps
 Audio Codec------ MP3



Thanks to 2HD for the show but the name of the show does contain disambiguation, "Canada", if you don't truncate it and thereby require the disambiguating "CA". See Undercover Boss Australia not Undercover Boss AU. The US is the only place that didn't build in a disambiguation into the show which started in the UK in 2009 (and those are still my favourite episodes). Sit back, enjoy the show and maybe have a Molson Canadian if you are of legal age to do so. 
