				THE LIMELITERS - TONIGHT: IN PERSON

	Friday night, July 29, 1960. You are at the Ash Grove, the Hollywood counterpart of San Francisco's hungry i.  This former Melrose Avenue furniture factory- now converted into a big, rough-hewn, barn-like hall - is so packed that the waitress can barely squeeze her way to your table for the order.  Most of the people around you will be hearing the Limelighters for the first time, but they're quick to tell you, "this group is great."  They've come here, just as you have, on the fervent urging of friends who had seen the new act in San Francisco.
	The lights dim.  The room grows quiet.  Three young men, toting banjo, guitar and bass, mount the platform.  In an instant, the rafters ring with a full, lusty choral sound that belies the presence of a mere trio.  "There's A Meetin' Here Tonight" is sung in a rousing, folksy fashion that sets the room alive with its rhythmic contagion.  You sense that electric something in the air that welds and audience to top performers.  You feel it in the unbuttoned hilarity of such songs as "The Monks of St. Bernard" and "Madeira, M'dear" and the haunting tenderness of the "Far Side Of The Hill".
	As each song revels a new facet of the trio's artistry, you try to analyze its style.  You find that age-old folk ballads from many lands take on a compelling feeling of here and now.  These are presented in an atmosphere of laughs created by sharp ad libs, gag introductions and a humorous treatment of the songs themselves.
	 In the Limeliters' hands, the folk ballad is no longer a museum piece.  It has been removed from the musty surroundings of scholarly folklorists.  This is music born from the lusty feelings of happy people and rightfully is performed in a fun-filled setting.
	You are taken with the authentic flavor that endows each number.  The various foeigh tongues - whether they be Spanish, French or Russian - are heard in their true accent, showing a commendable respect for the orgin of the songs.  This is a rere qulaity found performers today.
	The Limeliters consist of: Lou Gottlieb, a University of California Ph.D, whose talents embrace singing and comedy; Alex Hassilev, born in France of Russian parents, who adds his command of more than a dozen languages to his robust baritone; and Glen Yarbrough who possesses a voice remarkable in its lyric quality and is readily identifiable in the trio's offerings.
	You leave the Ash Grove convinced your friends were right.  This group is great

Lee Zhito
The Billboard
(origional liner notes)

*****Later, Glen Yarbrough had a solo hit with "Baby The Rain Must Fall".   ****