Smoken hot blond cougar, with amazing body, suffers Category 5 skull fucking and wrist suspension! | Simone Sonay | Matt Williams
            
October 19, 2012


MP4 only.


Welcome Simone Sonay to Sexually Broken! This super hot 40 
year old Cougar puts all other 20 something porn stars to 
shame. 

Bound standing spread in a beautiful "X" position Simone is 
stretched out and completely vulnerable. We jump on her 
without warning and deliver a punishing flogging. Simone 
struggles and dances to escape the flogger. She soon realizes 
there is no hope for escape as tiny wooden blocks are placed 
and she is pulled into the air. She must balance on those tiny 
blocks or suffer intense pain from her wrists. 

Up on the block we abuse our hot, horny Cougar. We flog her 
perfect ass, and we vibrate her sensitive clit. We tease her, 
not letting her cum until we say so, she suffers in pain and 
pleasure. When we do let her cum, she explodes in ecstasy. 

We take her to her knees, frog tie then pull her up to 
balance, the stress on her wrist is brutal. We then attack her 
throat with hard cock. A catastrophic skull fucking that send 
Simon into subspace. We control her breathing with cock. She 
fights and struggles for air but the cock is too big, it goes 
all the way down her throat. Rough deep throating at its best, 
our 40 year old hottie struggles for air as her throat is 
fucked like a pussy.

Simone is now Sexually Destroyed by cock, she is dizzy, in 
subspace, her brain is broken, the skull fucking sent her off. 
We then lift her off the ground, and she suffers in the 
hardest Category 5 suspension there is, the wrist suspension.. 


Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/10_19simone3/SexuallyBroken-Simone-Soney-Matt-Williams-Smoken-hot-blond-Cougar-with-amazing-body-suffers-Category-5-skull-fucking-and-wrist-suspension.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  

