IBM Rational Software Architect Standard Edition 7.5

IBM Rational Software Architect, (RSA) made by IBM's Rational Software division, is a modeling and development environment that uses the Unified Modeling Language (UML) for designing architecture for C++ and Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE) applications and web services. Rational Software Architect is built on the Eclipse open-source software framework and includes capabilities focused on architectural code analysis, C++, and model-driven development (MDD) with the UML for creating resilient applications and web services.

Rational Software Architect version 7.5 includes the following capabilities:
Built on Eclipse version 3.4
Supports UML version 2.1
Supports model-to-code and code-to-model transformations.
Forward transformations go from:
UML to Java
UML to C#
UML to C++
UML to EJB
UML to WSDL
UML to XSD
UML to CORBA Interface Description Language (IDL)
UML to structured query language (SQL)-based logical data models as supported by IBM Rational Data Architect software.
Reverse transformations go from
Java to UML
C++ to UML.
.NET to UML
Includes all of the capabilities of IBM Rational Application Developer
Enables model management for parallel development and architectural re-factoring, e.g., split, combine, compare and merge models and model fragments.
Provides visual construction tools to expedite software design and development
It also has integrations with other Rational tools, such as ClearCase version control and ClearQuest configuration management.
All Rational software products, including Rational Software Architect (RSA), are engineered as plugins that sit on top of the open-source Eclipse development platform. Installing Rational Software Architect gives the developer the option to either install RSA on top of an existing Eclipse v3.2 installation, or to install a new Eclipse v3.2 instance.
Because RSA is Eclipse-based, it can take advantage of a vibrant market of third-party plugins for Eclipse, as well as plugins specifically for Rational tools.



Instalation:

1. Run launchpad.exe in RSASE_SETUP folder,install Instalation Manager,

2.during process you will be asked to select repositorium and select
"repository.xml" file in RSASE_SETUP folder,

3. continue...

4. Permanent licence integrated.

Works Great!!!


Write your problems in comment if you have.

Enjoy...