Phantasy Star Generation: 1 for the Ps2                     Rel. 08/28/2003


Format:        DVD5 NTSC-J
Lang.:         English Translated
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Genre.:        RPG
Conversion:    CD To DVD
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Ps2 or Swap Magic Disc Method.


Compressed with 7Zip, Game was tested and works.



Note: No Ps2 backup disc/game or copy will work unless your Ps2 Console is Modded 
      (allows playing of backups), or if you use Swap Magic.



Release Notes - Converted from ps2 CD-R to DVD format for the rest of us that
                need it. FMCB/esr for example. This game has been patched
                100% to english from the original japanese language of 
                the game.



Game Description:

This is a remake of the original Phantasy Star for Sega Master System. The game is set in a futuristic star system Algo, with three planets - Palma, Motavia, and Dezoris. The world is controlled by an evil dictator called Lassic. Anyone who opposes him is mercilessly executed. You control Alis, a young girl whose brother was killed by Lassic. She swears to avenge his death, and this is where her adventure begins.

The remake maintains most cardinal aspects of the original, including story, characters, battle system, 3D dungeons, and graphical style. Changes include updated graphics (pre-rendered for towns and overworld, real-time 3D for dungeons), more dialogue and characterization (you can now talk to your party members), as well as gameplay-related changes: there are more weapons, more levels to gain for the characters, additional items and spells, as well as combo attacks which can be performed by equipping various crystals in addition to a fitting weapon.



Game Pics Included.


Burn with DVD Decrypter, (Included in download).  

Burn at 8x or 4x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden DVD Media for best quality, or if other media isn't 
working.


If Using DVD+R booktype to DVD-ROM.
(If your Mod-Chip or Ps2 doesn't support DVD+R)


Any Problems or questions please post a comment.


If this is working fine for you let us know write a comment.


Please Seed this when your done.

(I can't seed 24/7, do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).



Enjoy!					