Recover My Password

Have forgotten your Administrator password? You cannot remember the administrator's password. How can you get out of this situation without formatting and re-installing the operating system? You get the right place! Click here to download Lazesoft Recover My Password and gain access to your Windows account.

Setup it and burn Lazesoft Recover My Password CD or USB flash drive, then boot from it. With just a few mouse clicks you can reset your administrator's password to blank, then you can log in your administrator account with a blank password.

If you have forgotten Administrator's password, or the Administrator's user account has been locked out or disabled, you cannot gain access to the account. However you can burn a Lazesoft Recover My Password cd or USB flash drive and boot from it to clear Administrator's password and unlock the user account.[Just take three steps to recover your Windows password. Select Windows Volume, select user account, click Reset/Unlock button.]

Lose your Windows password? Simple download Lazesoft Recover My Password, setup it and burn a CD or usb flash drive, boot from the created CD disk or usb flash drive to reset your forgotten Windows admin password to blank, get back in your Windows user account.

Lazesoft Recover My Password Features

Easy to install and use with a very handy and clear user interface.
Resets passwords with a bootable CD.
Resets passwords with a bootable USB drive.
Resets local Administrator password.
Resets Domain Administrator password.
Retrieve product keys from unbootable Windows installations
WinPE Recovery CD Builder
Automatically detects several operating systems installed on the computer.
Unlocks and Enables user accounts.
Disables the password expiry option.
Supports Windows 2000 XP 2003 Vista 2008 7 and Windows 8.
Works on all laptops including Legend, Toshiba, Dell, IBM etc.
Supports 32-bit and 64-bit Windows.
Support WinPE USB boot disk.
Fast, easily, natively create PE Recovery Disk on 64 bit of Windows Vista, 7, 2008, 8.
Improved WinPE Builder New!
Improved Media Builder GUI New!
100% Money-Back Guarantee.
FREE technical support.

System Requirements: 

Supported Windows Versions:

Windows 2000 SP4,Windows XP,Windows 2003,Windows Vista,Windows 2008,Windows 7,Windows 8

Supported Hard Disks:

IDE,SCSI,SATA,1394,USB,SAS,RAID Drivers

Supported File Systems Type:

FAT,FAT32,NTFS.

Supported Disks:

Basic Disk,GPT Disk,Dynamic Disk

100% recovery rate.

Homepage: http://lazesoft.com/lazesoft-recover-my-password.html

Installation Instructions:

- Install program.
- Register program with given serial.
- Done, Enjoy.