The model features a highly detailed virtual cockpit as well as a bright 2d cockpit with all around views. There are several liveries to choose from starting with the original BOAC Gold Speedbird livery and the British Airways "Red Tail" livery of the Seventies and early eighties. The East African Airways livery is also included plus a special RAF "Tactical Grey" K3 model which has deployable refueling hoses. There is also a special AI version of the K3 which deploys it's hoses automatically at altitudes between 10,000 and 25,000 feet so that you may set up AI flights for refueling practice using the freely available "Traffic Tools" program by Lee Swordy or other AI traffic programs.

As well as these real life liveries there are the current British Airways "Union Flag" livery, a virtual airline "Trans Global Aviation" with stunning glossy metallic effects and a plain white "paint kit" which you can use to create your own liveries.

The model features all the moving control surfaces, opening main doors and opening windows in the Virtual Cockpit. Deployable refueling hoses in the K3 model. A realistic sound set. Engine Smoke, Jetwash and Wing Tip Vortices effects. Great flight dynamics and a fully functioning autopilot. A more realistic High Fidelity (ie. harder!) autopilot will be available shortly as a free download for those who desire accuracy in detail. This will include the IAS and Mach Climb modes which were used in the real VC10 but does away with the climb rate and IAS speed settings. It is your choice which version you use.

Manufacturer's Description
One of the most powerful planes in its heyday, the charismatic VC-10 is known for its superb handling and flight dynamics. Loved by pilots from both the commercial and military sectors, the VC-10 is now available for your Flight Simulator and features photo-textures for all of the gauges and instruments in the 2D panel and the virtual cockpit.

Features the following aircraft models:
Standard VC-10
Super VC-10 including RAF K3 tanker
VC-10 C1K

Liveries included:
Air Malawi
BA Union
BOAC (three versions '62, '65 and '69)
British Airways
British Caledonian
BUA
Ghana Airways (two versions 1968 1975)
Gulf Air
Middle East Airlines
Nigeria Airways
Omani Royal Flight
Sierra Leone
United Arab Emirates
For Super VC-10
BA Union Flag
BOAC
East Afrikan Airlines
RAF Tactical Grey K3
Trans Global Aviation Virtual Airline
Also includes RAF Grey and Transport Command for VC-10 C1K 