Follow my uploads here:             
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

This is a donate version without ads. Before posting a negative comment, please email me with your problem and i will try to find out a solution. Thanks.
NOTE: MSN and Windows Live are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. This application is not affiliated in any way with Microsoft Corporation.

Features:

    Multiple points of presence. Stay signed in in your computer and your phone at the same time.
    Facebook chat integration support. If you have your Facebook account linked with your Windows Live Messenger, you will could see and talk with you Facebook contacts!
    Email Notification. It notifies when you have new emails in your hotmail inbox.
    Yahoo contacts support. Now you can see and chat with yahoo contacts.
    SMS contacts support (only in some regions)
    Offline messages. Talkdroid automatically retrieves offline messages also at startup.
    Group chat. Press menu button for add a contact in your conversation.
    Windows Live Messenger 2011 chat icons.
    Roaming profile sync: lets retrieve and update your live roaming profile like photo, display name and personal message.
    Swipe among chats.
    Invisible sign in.
    Nudges.
    Chat history.
    Show if your contacts are connected thought Web Messenger or mobile phone.
    Support to accept or decline contact invitations.
    Notify when your contacts go online.
    Show what your contacts are listening.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 8, 2012)

    This version should recover your chat history
    Fixed a bug with some devices that was causing synchronizing the addressbook every login, and also clearing the display pictures, messages not being read, etc
    Devices without external storage won't be able to receive files
    Updated italian language
    See the full change log in:

Required Android O/S : 2.2+


                                By bobiras2009		