• Game name: Road Construction Simulator 
• Developer: Rondomedia
• Genre: Technology on wheels, Simulator
• Game Type: Full version (install and play) 
• Size / Size : 234.91 MB.

 
The builders of roads - a modest heroes who control the world's traffic. They work all year round and in any weather, the road network to work without interruption.
Wear a helmet and go for the repair of rural roads at first, and then the huge transnational highway.
	

They are the unsung heroes that keep the world's traffic flowing. Referred to by their brethren as the "boys and girls of the black stuff" these dedicated engineers work all year round, through all weathers to repair and construct the road network.
Put on your hard hat and head for the highways! From repairing country lanes, to constructing huge motorways your engineering skills will be put to the test in this ultra-realistic simulation.
Lay out the traffic cones and punch through the concrete with your pneumatic drill as your new roadway starts to take shape. All of the tools of the trade are at your disposal including an asphalt planer, steamroller, marking machine and the whole gamut of machinery required to transform a building site into a super smooth motorway.
As your skills grow you will be able to embark on a range of diverse missions. Country roads, pothole repairs, lane widening and motorway construction are all in a day's work for the hard hat highway heroes!
All of the equipment has been painstakingly recreated in full 3D to provide the ultimate in accuracy, complete with detailed cabs and sound effects. From the initial excavation to the satisfying conclusion of laying the black stuff - smooth layer of tarmac that signals a job well done - we promise an engineering experience so authentic you can almost smell the bitumen!

System Requirements: 
Windows XP, Vista and 7 
Athlon ® / Pentium 4 ® or higher / Processor with 2 GHz 
01.05 GB RAM 
3D Graphics Card with 128 MB 
Sound Card 
DirectX 9.0 compatible hardware 
Download-Size: 240 MB