Warlock Master of the Arcane-RELOADED


Warlock: Master of the Arcane is a turn-based strategy game, from the fantasy world of Ardania, which was popularized with the Majesty franchise.

Description:
The latest game in the popular Majesty series, Warlock: Master of the Arcane introduces turned-based strategy and global conquest to the fantastic world of Ardania. In a time of chaotic upheaval, the player takes the role of a great mage, a warlord vying for ultimate power. Your mission is to build an empire, expand your borders, research new spells and conquer your enemies. Become the ultimate Warlock and rule over all of Ardania!

Features:

    Feel the magic: Research and master dozens of spells, conjure powerful enchantments and discover awesome spell combinations.
    Ready an army: Command a expansive range of units, all with unique abilities. Mobilize the forces of three races, along with special summoned troops and wild creatures.
    Choose your strategy: There are various ways to achieve victory: by military, diplomatic or even magical means.
    Fight your enemies: Engage in epic battles with large armies marching across the landscape. Players may develop their own tactics and learn to use a large number of unitsΓÇÖ special abilities. Add some magic to this, and you will experience a true symphony of war.
    Command the game: Enjoy an innovative city management system, where there are no routine actions, and every decision counts!
    Have faith: Fight on the side of one of the eight gods. Complete their quests and spread their temples across the lands. ΓÇö Or throw all gods aside and become one yourself!
    Follow the traditions: Warlock ΓÇô Master of the Arcane inherits all the best elements of the famous turn based strategies of old. It has modern feel and look, but deep down it is a classic game where each player may master his or her own kingdom through magical and military skill.

Install:

  1. Burn or mount the image.
  2. Install the game. 
  3. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack dir on the disc to your
     <install> dir.
  4. Play the game.
  5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


