S K I D R O W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Borderlands 2 Captain Scarlett and her Pirates Booty DLC

17-10-2012......Release Date <-> Protection.............Steam+CEG
FPS/RPG............Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................DLC

RELEASE NOTES

Enter the hostile wastelands of Pirate Bay in search of ancient
treasure buried somewhere in the waste, a cache that would make even
the most stoic of Pandora explorers hunger for its discovery. It's
rumored to be guarded by the largest, most vicious creature on Pandora
- but that shouldn't deter a real adventurer. Featuring new wasteland
locations, new enemies, new quests, and much more loot!

Features:

Get Ready for a Swashbuckling Adventure: Fight off hordes of new
enemies including pirate bandits, and desert worms.

Forge (And Break) New Alliances: Meet Captain Scarlett, you'll need her
help to make your way through Pirate┬Æs Bay. But watch your back,
Pirates will do anything for treasure.

Discover Uncharted Territories and Find New Treasures: With a multitude
of new quests and locations, Pirate┬Æs Booty is set to offer more of
everything. New side quests, new weapons, new gear are all yours for
the taking.

Please note: Add-on Content, Borderlands 2 required to play.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Install our Borderlands.2-SKIDROW release
2. Run Borderlands.2.Captain.Scarlett.and.her.Pirates.Booty.DLC.exe
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder to the main install
folder and overwrite
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

This DLC package requires Update 4. We have of course made it easier
for you and included everything from update 1 to 4 - including all DLC
with speech for all languages in every DLC.

Use B2Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice.

This package contains the following DLC:

Creature Slaughter Dome DLC
Moxxi's Rocket Launcher DLC
Mechromancer Pack DLC
Borderlands 2 Captain Scarlett and her Pirates Booty DLC

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision