Description

To see more levels and new games, make sure to leave reviews and five star ratings…

********

You’ve been punitively posted to Mars after assaulting your commanding officer, who ordered your unit to fire upon civilians. The Martian marine base acts as security for AGM corporation (AGM), a multi-planetary conglomerate, which is performing secret experiments with teleportation by creating gateways between the two moons of Mars, Phobos and Deimos.

Phobos is considered by space marines to be the dullest assignment imaginable: "with no action for eighty million miles, your day consisted of suckin' sand and watchin' flicks in the rec room." This all changes when the AGM experiments go horribly wrong.

Computer systems on Phobos malfunction, Deimos disappears entirely, and "something fragging evil" starts pouring out of the gateway, killing or possessing all AGM personnel. Responding to a frantic distress call from the overrun scientists, the Martian marine unit is quickly sent to Phobos to investigate, where you’re left to guard the hangar with only a pistol while the rest of the group proceeds inside. Over the course of the next few hours, you hear assorted garbled radio messages, gunfire, and screams, followed by silence: "Seems your buddies are dead…or WORSE…"

As the last man standing, your mission is to fight through the entire onslaught of demonic enemies by yourself in order to keep them from attacking Earth.

**** **** ****

The stock market got you down? Boss man breathing down your back? We have your cure.

Bloodthirsty zombies. Vicious monsters. Sleepless nights. Lots of weapons. Dark corners abound and death around every turn will get your mind off the DOW and your boss. Pick up a riot shotgun and tear a zombie to shreds.

If you liked Doom , Doom’s Knight, or Doomed Freedom, then you’ll love Doomed Heretic.


Features:
- over 30 levels
- Multiple weapons: Fists, Pistol, Shotgun, Chain gun, Rocket Launcher, Plasma Gun, saw, and BFG


FAQ

Q: How to switch weapons?
A: Press a number on the keyboard.

Q: How to open the door, call the elevator, push the button?
A: Get close to the door, elevator, or button then tap on screen.

Q: Cheats codes?
A: In game, type:-
iddqd - godmode
idkfa - all weapons, keys and armor
idclip - walk through walls

What's New in Version 1.1

Updated icon art work.
Updated SDL library.
Tested on OSX Lion 10.7.4.

Requirements: OS X 10.6.6 or later