Long anticipated, the worldwide release of the much requested Aerosoft Bronco X, made available exclusively at TPB by our great friend, Armagedon. This is a rip, people, copy the relevant folders into your FSX directory and enjoy.

Almost all aircraft designed for a COIN (counter-insurgency) are great fun to fly. They have to be sturdy and have loads of power to get out of trouble and they also got to agile and easy to fly low to the ground. So they all are the opposite of airliners that draw straight lines high in the sky, they feel most at ease when the hug the ground and pull G. The OV-10 Bronco is perhaps the finest example of this class of aircraft.

The Bronco has its roots deep in the 1960s when most military aircraft were getting bigger, more complex and above all faster. These aircraft did not work well in harsh conditions found in jungles and even on carrier decks. The OV-10 Bronco was the opposite. It was simple and rugged and could land on grass fields and even carriers.  These days their fighting role is over but they are popular aircraft at airshows where their unusual layout and smooth aerobatics make them welcome guests. 

The Aerosoft OV-10 Bronco X was created with the help from people who still fly them, the OV-10 Bronco Association, German Wing.  We created the aircraft very much as they feel it should be done, as an aircraft that is incredibly fun to fly. We also decided it was a great way to do an aircraft that has simple systems done to a high degree of fidelity. If you master the engines of the Bronco at the high realism setting you really understand them. It’s the same with the electrical and fuel system. It’s an ideal aircraft to take up for a half an hour flight as it is easy. But to fully master the systems and calling yourself a \"Bronco driver\" will take some time.

Features:

    8 models (US Air Force, US marines, NASA, German Wing of the OV-10 Bronco Association) 
    Some of the best 3D modelling ever done for FSX, using the latest tools and insights
    Highly realistic modelled Garret T-76 (Honeywell TPE331) engines (we think this is the best representation of turboprops in FS so far
    Realistic start-up sequence with propeller start-latches and engine instrument readouts
    Realistic in-air restarts possible (normally not possible in FSX)
    Realistic engine wear
    Custom propeller animations
    Hot and hung starts (clearing engine after a hung start possible)
    Engine failures due to over torque or overheat
    Engine flameouts due to icing when not using continuous ignition
    Working fire extinguishers
    Electrical system fully custom coded with electrical load calculated for every consumer
    All aircraft lights are dependent on correct electrical setup
    Gauge needles vibrate due to uneven ground and aircraft vibrations
    Airspeed gauge needle vibrates close to stall speed
    Lots of animations like oil cooler doors, Ram door, canopy, windscreen wiper etc.
    Smoke effects for engine fire, hung engine and smoke generator on left engine
    Fully working TACAN radio and additional modern COM2 radio
    Fully functional Becker BXP 6401 transponder
    Custom developed GPS with,  map mode, direct to mode, cursor mode, nearest station mode, hsi mode
    Unique Checklist Gauge with the option to let the checklist do the required actions
    Engineer station gauge to visualise the electrical system state
    Hundreds of nonstandard sounds, you will even hear the airframe groan when it is under G-load
    Created with the great support of the OV-10 Bronco Association, German Wing
    Highly realistic flight mechanics (several test flights were done in the real aircraft to verify the simulated model).  Even includes realistic stalls, spins and the dreaded Dutch roll behaviour
    Highly optimized for the best possible framerate. Most gauges are in the modeldef.xml and there is only one VC section defined
    High detail Paint Kits
    Aerosoft Launcher optional, no online registration necessary
    Compatible with Lockheed Martin - Prepar3D


 
Please visit my thread in the Suprbay forums. There you can see the latest news, drop a comment and use the private message system to contact me directly. That forum has a rating system similar to the quality field found at the top of all torrents. Perhaps you\'d like to say hi or show your support.
      
https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=113113&pid=709028#pid709028