
The fastest way to learn how to play the piano! Amazing piano lessons that will teach you how to play the piano or keyboard by ear.In this course you'll learn a lot piano patterns, and learn to mix and match them – any way you like – to create fantastic arrangements of any song – by ear. 

Benefits of this course:



1. Fantastic course of study for home-schoolers – an ideal way for homeschool kids to learn piano is to study online piano lessons.

2. Children who are taking piano lessons with a local teacher usually get the basic skills needed to build a musical foundation. However, the skill of learning to play piano by ear is very specialized, and teachers with this specialty cannot be found in most local communities.

3. Adults and Piano Lessons – Local teachers that have the ability to teach adults to play piano by ear are few and far between. Instead, look for piano lessons online which can be self paced and quite extensive.

4. Maybe you have a desire to take piano lessons, but think that you may just be too busy. This course is ideal way to fit music into your schedule!



An Overview of the course:



Traditional old style piano lessons require you to play the melody in the right hand and chords in the left. As a result, the right hand is forever obligated to "plunk out" the melody while the left hand must carry the bulk of the chords. Using these old techniques, there is a limit to how full your arrangements will sound as you play, because your primary hand is taken up with the duty of always playing the melody.



Professional keyboard players learn to play complimentary PATTERNS "around" the melody and let a 2nd instrument (or voice) take the melody, staying out of it's way. This is where creative, full arrangements come from. This is what it will teach you.



Lessons List:



01 – Pattern Piano and Keyboard

02 – Phat Chords 1-3

03 – How to Match Chords up with Any Melody 1-3

04 – Piano and Keyboard Worship 1-2

05 – Blues 1-15

06 – Tension and Release

07 – Powerfingers

08 – Slash Chords 1-4

09 – Intros Fillers and Endings

10 – Salsa 1-2

11 – Ear Training 101

12 – Chord Voicings Vault


