Motherhood: A Radio Collection

A Prairie Home Companion celebrates that one person who manages to make you feel that you’re special and that you aren't living up to your potential—all in the same sentence. Sketches, songs, and stories from Garrison and the regular cast cover the gamut of all that goes into and comes out of motherhood.

Motherhood is a popular topic on A Prairie Home Companion, and not just on Mother’s Day. It’s about time someone gathered the best bits into an homage to Mom. This funny, affectionate, poignant collection honors the woman who gave up her own sense of self-worth for a life of mindless drudgery, day in and day out, all for you. The woman who sticks around when everyone else in your life turns away. Who insists “Don’t worry about me, I’m fine. All I need is to know that you’re happy.” Who doesn't leave messages because motherhood is not about messages, it’s about love. Share it with your mom or give it to a mom you know. If you’re a mom yourself, hand it to your child and say “Listen.” It’s the least he or she can do.

Overview
Collected from live radio broadcasts of A Prairie Home Companion, these humorous and heart-warming stories and songs celebrate the ups and downs of motherhood. Includes the News from Lake Wobegon, and guest appearances from Robin and Linda Williams, Inga Swearingen, Vern Sutton, Prudence Johnson, the Rankin Family, and more.

Disc 1:
Mom script: Facebook (Listen)
"Mama's Hungry Eyes" - Robin and Linda Williams
How to Write a Letter to Your Mother in Just Seven Days (script)
"Shirley World" Richard Dworsky & The Guy's All Star Shoe Band
"Mother's Day Quilt" - Garrison Keillor, Tom Keith & VocalEssence
BeBoparebop Rhubarb Pie: Mother's Day Dinner (script)
"Mama Told Me Not To Come" - Pat Donohue & The Guy's All Star Shoe Band
Butter (script)
"Trees" Garrison Keillor, Prudence Johnson & The Guy's All Star Shoe Band (lyrics)
News from Lake Wobegon: Scrambled Eggs for Mom
"Hush Little Baby" Inga Swearingen (lyrics)

Disc 2:
Mother's Day Ballads - Garrison Keillor, Kate MacKenzie, Chris Thile, Andy Stein, Pat Donohue & Greg Hippen
The Lives of the Cowboys: Visit from Mom (script)
"My Mother Was a Lady" - Garrison Keillor & The Guy's All Star Shoe Band
Mother's Day: Creationism (script)
"Tell My Ma" - The Rankin Family
Mom: The Melon baller (script)
Mother's Day: The Prison Break (script)
The News from Lake Wobegon: Mother-Daughter Dinner