genre: action / adventure / fantasy 
release date: April 17, 2006 
compatible with: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit) 
languages: English, German, Norwegian 
developer / publisher: Funcom / Funcom 
game modes: single-player 

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase: 
manual 
10 wallpapers 
soundtrack 
6 avatars 
30 artworks 

What's cool about it: 

    Experience the story from three separate perspectives and learn how their destinies blend together in an epic finale. Each character has unique abilities and world views, giving you constant gameplay variations. 
    Never before has an adventure game brought this much gameplay variety! Use your brains or your brawn; sneak, fight, or talk your way through the many challenges the game offers. 
    Dreamfall spans three beautifully realized worlds, multiple chapters, and a stunning amount of detailed locations. 

Overview: 

Casablanca, 2219 -- Zoe Castillo is, at first glance, a very normal young woman, but she is about to get involved in a conspiracy that spans parallel worlds and hundreds of years. Something is affecting the world -- static interference is disrupting technology, causing Zoe  to see visions of a ghostly presence that is inhabiting a black house in a wintry landscape. As Zoe embarks on a journey where she eventually discovers a magical world behind our own, she will need to make decisions about what's important to her and what she's willing to risk for the people she loves. Zoe will need all her courage to unravel the dangerous web in which she, and the world around her, is entangled. 

Dreamfall: The Longest Journey, winner of multiple E3 awards as the best game in its genre, is the continuation of a saga that began in the (also award-winning!) game The Longest Journey, considered to be one of the finest adventure games ever made. In Dreamfall, you take on an epic journey of exploration and adventure as you venture through a thrilling and emotional storyline. Dreamfall features a fully interactive world where beautiful music, stunning graphics, fascinating characters, and unparalleled gameplay variety brought the adventure genre into a new era. Prepare for a spiritual, fantastic, and powerful gaming experience. 

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: MATURE with Blood, Strong Language, Suggestive Themes, Violence. PEGI Rating: 16+ with Violence. 

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7, 1.8 GHz Processor, 512MB RAM (1 GB recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 9.0c and 128MB, 7GB HDD, Mouse, Keyboard. 

Installation 

1. Double click the .exe 
2. Click next, accept the EULA, select which path you want the game installed to, ect. 
3. Play
