The Secrets to Making Love Happen: How to Find, Attract & Choose Your Perfect Mate Using Handwriting Analysis & Neuro-Linguistic Programming
by Bart A. Baggett
Empresse Pub | January 1998 | ISBN-10: 1882929241 | PDF | 296 pages | 13.2 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Secrets-Making-Love-Happen-Neuro-Linguistic/dp/1882929241

Take Control of Your Love Life---Now!
Empower Your Relationships Using Handwriting Analysis and NLP!
Here are the solutions to the single person's biggest problems--Making Love Happen . If you've ever suffered from a love-deficiency, this book is for you. Discover how to choose someone who's really compatible and quit wasting your time. Learn where to find a mate--and how to attract that perfect partner. It's not just a book about handwriting and neuro-linguistic programming, it's a guide to dating in the 90's using the techniques to select, understand and influence prospective lovers.

Bart Baggett is a master at simplifying these sometimes complex topics into easy-to-understand language and humorous stories. The Secrets to Making Love Happen! is written in such a relaxed yet riveting format, it's easy to forget the book is discussing proven scientific techniques. Read it today, make love happen tonight--it's that effective. Any person not happily married or with the love of their life can benefit immediately from these secrets.

About the Author
Bart Baggett is the president of Handwriting University International and world famous handwriting expert. This was his first book and specifically for the single relationship minded individual. He has also written Handwriting 101, The Handwriting Certification Course, and Success Secrets of the Rich and Happy. His books are licensed in India and China for local campuses. Mr. Baggett is also a court qualified forensic document examiner and professional speaker. His weekly newsletter from Handwriting University.com contains video interviews, lectures, and articles which reaches 50,000 people weekly.