[10.30GB-MULTI12] / [6.20GB-ENG ONLY]

The most sophisticated artificial intelligence ever achieved for the FIFA Soccer franchise will drive FIFA Soccer 13. All-new Attacking Intelligence enables players to analyze space, work harder and smarter to break down defenses, and think two plays ahead.

The most sophisticated artificial intelligence ever achieved for the FIFA Soccer franchise will drive FIFA Soccer 13. All-new Attacking Intelligence enables players to analyze space, work harder and smarter to break down defenses, and think two plays ahead. Players now possess the intelligence to create, curve, or alter runs to capitalize on openings as they occur, make runs that pull defenders out of position to open passing channels for teammates, and better position themselves for new attacking opportunities.

In FIFA Soccer 13 every touch matters with the most comprehensive and intuitive dribbling system ever developed. Inspired by the world’s best player, Lionel Messi, Complete Dribbling enables players to face their opponent and use precise dribble touches combined with true 360° mobility with the ball, so it’s easier to be more creative and dangerous in 1v1 opportunities. Players change direction quicker, are more explosive accelerating with the ball, and are more effective shielding defenders for longer stretches. FIFA 13 1st Touch Control transforms the way players control the ball, eliminating near-perfect touch for every player on the pitch, and creating variety and uncertainty around ball control. Factors such as defensive pressure, trajectory of the ball, and velocity of the pass now impact a player’s first touch, creating more opportunities for defenders to win back possession.

The second generation of the Player Impact Engine expands physical play from just collisions to off-the-ball battles between players. Defenders push and pull for position, and use their size and strength to win possession or force opponents into poor touches and decisions before the ball arrives. FIFA 13 Tactical Free Kicks provides the tools to create dangerous and unpredictable free kicks utilizing the most skillful players on the pitch. Position up to three attacking players over the ball and utilize dummy runs and more passing options to create elaborate free kicks. Opponents can counter by adding or subtracting players to the wall, creeping the wall forward, or sending a bullet man to intercept the pass or block the shot.

FEATURES

Improved Career Mode with major changes developed in response to requests from the most passionate fans of the franchise.
New features to enhance the massive EA SPORTS FIFA online offering, including improvements to the wildly popular Head-To-Head Seasons mode
Multiple new features and benefits to EA SPORTS Football Club, the live service that is the heartbeat of FIFA
Complete authenticity with more than 500 officially licensed clubs.

System requirements Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz, 2 GB RAM, graphic card 256 MB (GeForce 8800 GT or better), Windows XP/Vista/7

FIFA 13 PC players’ expectations: 8.6 / 10 calculated from 1040 players’ votes.

Producer: EA Canada
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Platform: PC
Play modes: Single / Multiplayer
Languages: ENGLISH (US) ENGLISH (UK) ,Czech, German,French, Spanish, Mexico, Italian, Hungarian, Polish, Netherlands, Russian, Portoguese (Portugal) ,Portoguese (Brazil)

——————————-

I WANT TO SAY TO EVERY BODYYY 
THERE IS NO CRACK OUTTTTTTTTTTTTTT YEEEEEEEEEEET SO DONT DOWNLOAD THIS UNLESS YOU ARE SURE YOU WANT TO GET THE GAME AND WAIT FOR THE CRACK 
PEAAAAAAAAAAAACE OUT

Size:6 GB
		