Protege (2007) DVDR(xvid) NL Subs DMT
Originele titel: Moon To
Alternatieve titels: Protégé, Protege
Hongkong
Misdaad / Drama
106 minuten
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0841150/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/42085

geregisseerd door Tung-Shing Yee
met Daniel Wu, Andy Lau en Jingchu Zhang

Nick zit als undercoveragent diep in de lucratieve heroinehandel. Na acht jaar wint hij het 
vertrouwen van de zieke drugsbaas Quin en krijgt hij meer verantwoordelijkheden. Hoewel hij 
voldoende bewijzen heeft kunnen verzamelen om Quin te laten arresteren, weerhoudt zijn gevoel 
hem hiervan. Daarnaast neemt hij de zorg op zich van zijn verslaafde buurvrouw en haar kind. Deze 
zaken zorgen voor gemengde emoties die het hem moeilijk maken zijn werk te doen.

Special agent Nick (Daniel Wu) is deep undercover in the heart of Asia's lucrative crime trade as he 
plays protégé to one of the key players in the game, "Banker" (Andy Lau). In the eight years he has 
been infiltrating the underworld industry, Nick has amassed enough evidence to indict Banker, but 
has been ordered to remain undercover and expose the identity of the man behind Banker in order 
to bring down the entire organisation. However, as Nick becomes more trusted and embroiled with 
Banker's crime family, he finds himself corrupted by the easy money and his new found power. 
Unable to separate himself from his undercover persona, he immerses himself into his role as a crime 
figure. In the seedy underbelly of mob culture, where redemption comes at a price and the borders 
of justice, loyalties and truth are constantly changing, Nick grapples with dangerous choices and finds 
himself flirting with more than the devil. Protégé is a suspense-filled exploration of the complex 
relationships and loyalties within the multilayered, international crime syndicates of today.

Source: DVD5 Retail
Size: 1.14 GB
Form: AVI
Video Codec:  XVID
Bitrate: 1496 Kbit/s
Width & Heights:  704 x 400
Frames/s: 25.000 Fps
Audio:  English
Audio Code: mp3
Bitrate: 128  kbps
Channels:  2
Sampling: 48.0 kHz 

Categorie: Beeld
Formaat: DivX
Taal: Nederlands ondertiteld (ingebakken/hardcoded)
Genre:  Misdaad / Drama

Deze review wordt u aangeboden door:

DUTCH MOVIE THEATER