This series, a noir story starring Mickey Mouse as the main character, is composed of only twelve parts, and it is regarded by fans as one of the best Disney series ever, together with PKNA. It is often called MM or even MMMM and it's set in Anderville, a chaotic metropolis, modelled on the city New York. Anderville is a deceiving city, full of criminals. In this new setting, Mickey Mouse has a hard life, because he has no friends and because the authors wanted to break traditional cliché of his adventures in Mouseton, featured in Italian comic Topolino. Villains are different from Black Pete and even from Phantom Blot, often unsuspected, and even friends act in a rude way toward Mickey Mouse, who often feels disoriented in the big city. These stories were directed to a more adult reader, trying to bring to a new life the "old style Mickey Mouse" of the 1930s and 1940s stories, written and illustrated by the late Floyd Gottfredson.
Mickey Mouse leaves Mouseton for Anderville, being involved in the case of his missing young friend Sonny Mitchell. To prove his innocence, being mistaken for a criminal, both from Anderville villains and police inspector Jan Clayton, he faces some dangerous situations, running the risk of being killed. He becomes friend with Little Ceaser, a well-respected, and somewhat rude, bartender, and with his friendly customers. He eventually proves his innocence but he is forced to stay in Anderville, waiting for furthermore investigations. He finds out that his friend left to him an investigation agency: Mickey Mouse becomes a detective and, during all the series, was involved in very dangerous events, which led him to act in a more violent way than the usual Mickey Mouse.

Hope you enjoy!

------------------------------------------------------------
Note:

If you never read E-comics before, you should download a program like ComicRack, (you can find that here: http://www.softpedia.com/get/Multimedia/Graphic/Graphic-Viewers/ComicRack.shtml).
Then, you can use ".cbr files and open them with ComicRack.
It's easy to use, and has a great quality!

Hope you enjoy!	
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
For other translated Belgian/French comics, you can check my release thread:      
https://forum.suprbay.org/showthread.php?tid=112889.
Here the most recent versions of the torrents will be referenced. You can also indicate which series you rather want to read more of. Just comment on a torrent, rate the torrent or send me a message/PM on suprbay, and you'll be able to read it in about one month!