Living Earth HD 1.0.1 Cracked from Mac App Store.


$6.99
Category: Utilities
Updated: Aug 29, 2012
Version: 1.01
Size: 86.5 MB
Language: English
Seller: Radiantlabs, LLC
© 2012
Rated 4+
Requirements: OS X 10.6.8 or later, 64-bit processor


Description

★ Apple Editors' Choice! 30% OFF INTRODUCTORY SALE! ★

Living Earth HD is the best and most beautiful world clock and weather app for your Mac. The award winning app for iPhone and iPad is now available from your Mac menu bar offering easily accessible world times and weather for millions of cities around the world. Living wallpaper and screensaver features turns your desktop into a window in space.

"Living Earth HD is proof that a world clock and weather app can be beautiful" - Apple 

"In a sea of more complicated and ambitious apps, Living Earth is beautifully simple." - New York Times 'Best Apps of 2011' 

"A stunning app that shows the Earth in real time, based on global weather reports. " - WIRED Insider 'Must Have Apps' 

☆ FEATURES ☆

✭ Live clouds from near real-time satellite cloud data - updated every 3 hours. View global cloud patterns, hurricanes and tropical storms around the world.
✭ World clock, weather and extended forecast for millions of cities around the world with 7 day and 2-hour forecasts.
✭ Live Desktop wallpaper and screensaver. Updates continuously while you work.
✭ Observe sunrise and sunset borders around the world live as they are happening. Watch the day and night shadow line progress across the globe through the day. 
✭ Rayleigh atmospheric scattering calculations for photorealistic atmospheric simulation. 
✭ Observe the changing seasons throughout the year. View snow and ice coverage as well as other seasonal changes on our globe. 
✭ High resolution live 3D simulation. Optimized for the new Retina display on the Macbook Pro.

Quality weather data provided by best-in-class Weather Underground, the most reliable, accurate weather information available!

EMAIL US: support-mac@radiantlabs.io
BECOME A FAN:
FOLLOW US:


What's New in Version 1.01

• Fix for users experiencing stability and launch issues
• Please email us at support-mac@radiantlabs.io if you're experiencing any problems. We try our best in responding to and fixing any issues as quickly as possible. Thanks!