This is a Release of Wrath Of The Titans (2012) COMPLETE DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 to Mp4 at 1.37GB.

This Release contains:
-Wrath Of The Titans (2012) DVD Rip by vladtepes3176 at 1.3GB.
-Special Features
	-Deleted Scenes
-Wrath Of The Titans FRONT & BACK DVD COVERS

That’s the WHOLE Wrath Of The Titans DVD ripped for you to ENJOY including the DELETED SCENES Special Features. Please SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176

PLOT: Wrath of the Titans is a 2012 American fantasy film and sequel to the 2010 film Clash of the Titans. The film stars Sam Worthington, Rosamund Pike, Bill Nighy, Édgar Ramírez,Toby Kebbell, Danny Huston, Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson with Jonathan Liebesmandirecting a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and David Leslie Johnson. Wrath of the Titanstakes place a decade after the events of the first film as the gods lose control over the imprisoned Titans and Perseus is called once again, this time to rescue his father Zeus, overthrow the Titans and save mankind.

CAST:
Sam Worthington as Perseus, the demigod son of Zeus
Ralph Fiennes as Hades, god of the underworld.[4]
Liam Neeson as Zeus, the king of the gods and ruler of Mount Olympus


DETAILS:
English
Run Time:  99 Minutes
IMDB: tt1646987

PRODUCT DETAILS: Sam Worthington, Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson star once again as gods at war in "Wrath of the Titans", under the direction of Johnathan Liebesman. A decade after his heroic defeat of the monstrous Kaken, Perseus (Worthington) the demigod son of Zeus (Neeson) is attempting to live a quieter life as a village fisherman and the sole parent to his 10-year old son, Helius. Meanwhile, a struggle for supremacy rages between the gods and the Titans. Dangerously weakened by humanity's lack of devotion, the gods are losing control of the imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader, Kronos, father of the long-ruling brothers Zeus, Hades (Fiennes) and Poseidon (Danny Huston). The triumvirate had overthrown their powerful father long ago, leaving him to rot in the gloomy abyss of Tartarus, a dungeon that lies deep within the cavernous underworld. Perseus cannot ignore his true calling when Hades, along with Zeus' godly son, Ares (Edgar Ramrez), switch loyalties and make a deal, with kronos to capture Zeus. The Titans' strength grows stronger as Zeus' remaining godly powers are siphoned, and hell is unleashed on earth. Enlisting the help of the warrior Queen Andromeda (Rosamund Pike), Poseidon's demigod son, Argenor (Toby Kebbell), and fallen gob Hephaestus (Bill Nighy), Perseus bravely embarks on a treacherous quest into the underworld to rescue Zeus, overthrow the Titans and save mankind.

Please SEED! Cheers…vladtepes3176
