The DCS: P-51D Mustang offers both highly-detailed simulation and easy-to-play "game" mode options for both hardcore and casual gamers. When in simulation mode, this is the most authentic simulation of the P-51D Mustang that has ever been done for the PC. Enjoy both the thrill of flying this warbird and operating its various weapons against a variety of ground and airborne targets.

An interactive training system puts you in the cockpit with an instructor as he walks you step-by-step of learning to fly the Mustang.

A powerful yet easy-to-use mission editor allows you to create your own missions and campaigns. A one-click Mission Generator also allows you to instantly create battles as small or large as you wish.

Fly online with built-in server browser that supports up to 32 players in both head-to-head and cooperative gameplay. Fly online with other DCS aircraft like the Black Shark and the A-10C Warthog.

Features of the DCS: P-51D Mustang:
Highly detailed six-degrees-of-freedom cockpit. Interact with cockpit controls with your mouse.
Unmatched flight physics and that allow you to truly feel what it's like to fly this legend.
Accurate P-51D Mustang model, squadron markings, and weapons.
Detailed modeling the P-51D Mustang instruments, weapon, engine, radios, fuel, electrical, and hydraulic systems.
Take part in a Challenge Campaign to test your flying and combat skills.
All features are not yet included

Recommended system requirements: Operating system 64-bit: Windows Vista and 7; Processor: CPU: Core 2 Duo E8400, AMD Phenom X3 8750 or better; Memory: 4GB; Hard disk space: 7 GB; Video: Shader 3.0 or better; 896MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX260 DirectX 9.0c or better; Sound: DirectX 9.0c - compatible; DirectX?: 9.0C; requires internet activation.

Minimum system requirements: Operating system: Windows XP, Vista or 7; Processor: Core 2 Duo 2.0 GHz; Memory: 3 GB; Free hard disk space: 7 GB; Video: 512 MB RAM card, DirectX 9 - compatible; Sound: DirectX 9.0c - compatible; requires internet activation.


Files count: 5 files
Files size: 5.02 Gb