Estelle and Michelle (Hayley not on stage for some strange reason) of Gloucester, U.K. Girl Band elle-A, Sound and TV Broadcast checking pre Headlining the Show on the Mainstage at the Fairford Royal International Air Tattoo (Show) UK 2004. The TV sound mix is a bit 'brittle' but listen-able anyway. The Audio and Video feeds are irect from the TV Broadcast Truck. The Sound and Video Sync goes in places, but... it was a Tech Test Video..yeh ? The overall sound mix on the video improves a bit from 1.23 onwards as they 'get to grips' a bit with the vocal / backing track mix and compress the vocal feed from the truck. Fortunately my audio feeds to my main P/A mixer were all separate so I could do my own front of house mix, thankfully.
This 'Test' Video reproduced with the kind permission of the GMG Group (UK/ES / GMI Records (UK/ES) / MusoSound (ES) & Madcom (UK) / GuyJayFlix (ES).

Enjoy and thanks for watching.

All Rights Reserved (Video Content Only). ┬⌐ Guy J Mitchell & GuyJayFlix. Alicante. Spain.

Songs featured in this video: Misfit originally performed by Amy Studt (2003), Hip To Be Square originally performed by Huey Lewis and the News (1986), Skater Boi originally performed by Avril Lavigne (2002). All Rights of the Owner and of the Producer of the Video Work Reserved.
Copyrights: Madcom 2004, GMG Group & GMI Records 2004 - 2012. GuyJayFlix 2012.

Disclaimer. Neither elle-A, it's Representation, Management nor GMG Group, GMI Records, Madcom, MusoSound own the Rights to the Music featured in this Video. All Rights of the Respective Owners of the Music Reserved.

elle-A are: Hayley Williams (not in Video), Michelle Bradbury, Estelle Iles.
Exclusive Management and Representation for elle-A by Guy J Mitchell (also not in Video but driving the Mixing Desk for the incredible sound).
Copyright: GMG Group, GMI Records, Madcom, MusoSound, GuyJayFlix 2012.
Hope you enjoyed it as there is more to come as they find it and pass it on to us to upload.

This Video is intended for Entertainment Only and is not to be used for Commercial or Promotional Purposes.