

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth

 

POtHS - Bible Study - 108 - Charles Lawson - From Golden Age To New Age


POtHS Comment: Very Good

Description:
Pastor Lawson's Church Ministry, www.thelionofjudah.org , delivers a collection of messages from the pulpit of Temple Baptist Church. Old Time Preaching in the following sermons:

From Golden Age to New Age:
Charles Lawson 08/12/12 (SS) II Peter 3:5 Hearkening Back To Ancient Marvels and Looking Ahead to New Techonologies. Obamacare a Ready Vehicle to Implement Population Controls.

Dangers of Easy Believism:
Charles Lawson 08/08/12 (WN) John 6:44 "1-2-3 Believe After Me" Omits the Holy Spirit and Can Leave Folks Lost. So, What Should Be Our Attitude and Approach to Soul-Winning?

Gnosticism's Influence:
Pastor Charles Lawson examines the effects of Gnosticism starting with the Magi who visited Christ birthplace. He then speaks on it's hellish influence on the early Church and it's resugence in today's apostate Christianity.

Controlling the Money Part 1:
Charles Lawson 09/02/12 (SS) Revelation 13:16-17 Two Issues Dominate the Political Scene at the Moment: Our Nation's $16-trillion Debt (and to Whom?), and Obama's Overt Animosity Toward Israel. Both Strongly Portent the Soon Coming of Our Lord Jesus.

Controlling the Money Part 2:
Charles Lawson 09/09/12 (SS) Revelation 13:17 A Study of the Possible Motivations of International Bankers to Assassinate Previous Presidents.

Bible Prophecy (Israel):
Charles Lawson 09/12/12 (WN) Zechariah 12:1-3 More and More Prophecy Being Fulfilled Eveyday. Israel has Fought Over and Over Again for It's Survival. We May Be the Last Generation; and American Needs to Support Israel.

Bible Prophecy Is Being Fulfilled:
Charles Lawson ~ Temple Baptist Church, Knoxville, Tennessee

[font=comic sans ms]This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.

These Torrents are currently on a Free Leech --  High Speed Server

JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
