I emailed Paul asking for a lossless version of his mastering of Radiohead at Bonnaroo in 2006 after hearing the MP3 version online.

I received the files as 16-bit 44.1 KHz WAV, and converted them to FLAC with flac 1.2.1. Files have a good amount of tags on them, with the original names to each track by Paul.

Hopefully everything got encoded and tagged right. If not, it is not difficult to find my email address on the internet to let me know. (not much I can do about it though other than learn from mistakes)

I am delighted to be able to share this with you. Paul's description is below.

----

This performance was epic.

Already known as one of the best live bands of all time, Radiohead did us all a favor by putting on a live show for the ages in Tennessee, USA of all places.

Bonnaroo has had its share of amazing acts. From Bruce Springsteen to Eminem, it's never had to look hard for a top notch act. The other bands on the bill in 2006 were:

Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers, Phil Lesh & Friends, Elvis Costello & the Imposters feat. Allen Toussaint, Beck, Oysterhead, Bonnie Raitt, Death Cab for Cutie, moe., Bright Eyes, The Neville Brothers, Béla Fleck & the Flecktones (the original line-up), Cypress Hill, Buddy Guy, Damian 'Jr. Gong' Marley, Ben Folds, Common, Dr. John, Sonic Youth, Les Claypool, G. Love & Special Sauce and many more.

It's hard to believe this was over 5 years ago, but a friend of mine was running sound that night. He snagged the 2-track master from the board and handed the raw WAV over to me. I felt like I scored the mix of a lifetime. I've spent twenty years behind mixing consoles and mastering is one of my fortes, so I couldn't wait to pull the best out of this one.

After two months of wrangling, I finally came up with a mix that I loved. Everything is crystal clear. I have heard every "official" Radiohead live release and none of them sound this clear. After 5 years of keeping this to myself, I had a talk with my friend -- and he gave me to the OK to go ahead and release this to the public on the 5th anniversary of this awesome show. Of course, they could tell me to take it down any moment, so I would download the files below as soon as possible.

Then, listen to it over and over and over.

I really tried to focus the attention on the individuals, breaking it apart so you can hear everyone. The show improves as it goes -- with the first couple songs being a bit rough -- they settle in and the last 10 songs are completely spot on and wonderful. Because it's straight from the board, you get to hear the band without all that damn crowd noise. :)

The arrangement to Bodysnatchers is a bit different from the album version. You can tell they were still working on it.

You will hear every little detail, like you were running sound. This is the best Radiohead live recording you will ever hear. Quality. Performance. It's all here. I love Radiohead. They truly have made my life better simply by playing musical instruments.

My personal favorite from this show is Videotape. I like this version over the album version so much more. So passionate. Just amazing.

Download Radiohead at Bonnaroo 2006 below, straight from the board, mastered by Paul Phipps.