Author here.

I am uploading my first novel here because I fear obscurity more than I fear a few people having the chance to check out my book. 

This is a young adult steampunk horror novel. If you enjoyed The Golden Compass but felt it didn't have enough Lovecraftian monsters in it, this book might be for you.

From the amazon page: http://www.amazon.com/A-Latent-Dark-ebook/dp/B00919R7T8

When Skyla looks at your shadow, your shadow stares back.

Skyla has lived secretly within the city walls of Bollingbrook for eleven years, playing among the airship factories and trainyards. As one of the Gutter District’s nameless destitute, it has gone undiscovered that she has a unique talent: when Skyla looks at a person’s shadow she sees through it and into another world. She can see people’s fears, desires, their past sins--all as swimming, living creatures.

Her mother has never told her the real reasons why they must remain hidden, never explained the true dangers that exist outside the city walls. But when her mother’s past catches up with them both, Skyla finds she must flee out of the city and into a world still recovering from a second Dark Age, a world of adults with secrets only she can see.

For a stranger has recently moved into Bollingbrook, a man some call the Pope of the South, a witch hunter to some and a hero to others. When more children begin to disappear, suspicions are raised and an unlikely search party is formed to find Skyla in the hopes that they aren’t already too late.

----


I have been giving away free copies of this book for a while now to generate reviews and interest. I don't see this as being any different.

All I ask is that if you like the book, you leave a review or suggest the book to someone else. I'd love it if you bought the book, because that's how I make money. I use that money to pay my editor and to make my next book.... and so on.

If you are one of the few people to check it out, I hope you enjoy it, and I hope you maybe decide to help out an obscure, starving author.

