WinX DVD Ripper Platinum 

5 Minutes Only! Copy & Rip Your DVD with Intact Videos Audios and Subtitles

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum is a Windows-based DVD ripper software capable of ripping both DVD disc and DVD ISO image to mainstream videos, such as rip DVD to AVI, DVD to MP4, H.264, MPEG, WMV, MOV, FLV, 3GP, etc. It can also help users faultlessly convert DVD to iPhone/4S, iPad/3, iPod, Apple TV, Android, HTC, Samsung, XOOM, Galaxy Tab, PSP, etc, latest encrypted DVD supported. This DVD ripper brings No.1 fast DVD ripping solution in the market thanks to the cutting-edge technology to support Multi-core CPU (maximally 8-core processor) and Hyper-threading.

Moreover, the DVD rip software is built in 3 innovative DVD copy modes to meet users' up-to-date DVD backup demands - clone DVD disc to ISO image; copy DVD title to multi-track MPEG2 file with all videos/audios/subtitles; backup main content of a DVD for playing on PC, PS3, Xbox, Media Center, etc. The latter two Copy modes cost you 5 minutes only!

WinX DVD Ripper Platinum Key Features 

High-level and Unique Technologies:

Continuously update to support the latest DVD copy protections and a growing number of platforms by Microsoft, Apple, Google, etc.

With support for Multi-core CPU, this software delivers blazingly fast DVD conversion performance, which is x2 faster than common DVD ripper in market.

Professional Presets - The program comes preloaded with a number of preconfigured profiles for popular devices. Users could also customize and save profiles.

High Quality Engine - Give you the highest possible quality for maximum enjoyment of standard DVD content.

Deinterlacing - Change interlaced scanning DVD movie to progressive scanning to output much better video effect.

Powerful DVD Ripping and Copy Abilities:

Rip DVD to AVI/MPEG/WMV with original DVD AC3/DTS 6 Channels audio track. Output MP4 video with AAC 2/4/6 Channels supported.

Build in optimized WMV encoder to fit the requirement of Windows Media Center. Convert DVD to WMV with AC3/DTS audio and stream to PS3 & Xbox 360.

Copy all content and data in DVD disc to a UDF ISO image file which can be mounted to the virtual drive and burned to DVD disc later.

Copy full title/main content of a DVD to a single MPEG2 file. Keep high quality video, original subtitles, 5.1 AC3 surround and DTS audio.

Rip DVD to Portable Video Player:

Rip and convert DVD to MP4, H.264 for smoothly playback on Apple video player, e.g. DVD to iPhone/4S, DVD to iPad/the new iPad, DVD to iPod, Apple TV.

Rip DVD to Android, HTC, Samsung, XOOM, Galaxy Tab, general tablets, etc. with specified profiles corresponding to each device.

Rip DVD to PSP compatible MP4, AVC video. Watch DVD movies on PSP with its widescreen, ultra-crisp LCD screens.

Transfer movie to Mobile phone by ripping DVD to 3GP, MP4 video. Play DVD on Nokia, Blackberry, Motorola, etc.

Easy-to-advanced Video Editing Features:

You can freely adjust all video/audio parameters to set your desired video quality and file size, including video bitrate, video resolution, frame rate, etc.

The split feature allows you to edit out annoying adverts to watch your film without inane interruptions. It also lets you rip your favorite DVD clip only.

The built-in video player enables you to preview DVD movie and take snapshot to save as JPEG, BMP files.

Crop video to remove the black bars within DVD. Cut off unwanted area to feature a highlight.

Edit aspect ratio to modify incorrect DVD playback image on iPhone, iPad, iPod, Apple TV, Samsumg, HTC, Android, tab, PSP, etc.

System Requirements:

Operation System: Microsoft Windows 98, NT, 2000, 2003, XP, Vista (32 & 64 bit), Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit) 
Processor: 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM: 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk: 100MB space for installation
Graphic Card: 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Others: DVD-ROM drive

Homepage: http://www.winxdvd.com/dvd-ripper-platinum/#Title3

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given serial to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.