 Smart Office 2 v2.0.17 | 12.7 MB | Android 1.5+
from

Create, edit, print and share Microsoft Office documents on your phone or tablet !

View, create, edit, print and share Microsoft Office documents on your phone or tablet.
Smart Office makes creating, editing, printing and sharing Microsoft Office and other documents on the move even easier through a contextual interface, drag and drop editing and sharing to email in original or PDF format and sharing to Dropbox or Google Docs.

PRINTING included! No need to buy a separate Printer app. You can print to thousands of wireless printers from 34 manufacturers including HP, Epson, Canon and Samsung.

NEW USER INTERFACE! The Smart Office 2 Dashboard is your new hub for mobile office activity. It allows quick access to Printing, Presenting, Explorer Views and a News Feed.

Manage files using PicselΓÇÖs Visual Explorer file manager. See thumbnails of your document in the Timeline view and helpful information in Document Info View. Our benchmark viewing technology means you can view Adobe PDF, image files, plain text and other standard applications, without losing important content.

Load email attachments, edit and send back while youΓÇÖre out of the office or in a meeting. Smart Office can save as PDF for those important documents!

Create new documents from scratch. SmartOffice is the only office application that allows you to create documents using a FREE set of preloaded templates.


Features :

View and edit major office documents.
Edit text directly in your document.
Export to PDF.
Print to thousands of wireless printers.
Choose fonts, colours, alignment, formatting, move images, and more.
Unique Document Info View.
Visually appealing Timeline View.
Send and receive email attachments.
Create and delete files in storage.
Recalculate spreadsheets and update charts with new formulae.
Zoom to any size from multiple-pages-on-screen, to huge.
Slide show presentation.
Cut and paste selections to the special scrap book and system clipboard.
Undo mistakes easily.
Reflow pages to fit screen or use full page layout.
Tablet user interface with easy dialogues.
Phone UI, with multi-touch or single touch gestures.
WorldΓÇÖs first stereo 3D document viewing.
High performance loading and zooming.
Android 1.5 and later compatibility.
Search for text, and follow hypertext links.
Navigate easily to any page with convenient gestures.
Dropbox file sharing to cloud storage.
Google Docs file sharing for some files, beta
Email, SD card file access.
Create new documents from optional templates.
File browsing is convenient and fast.
Save correctly in original format without losing data.

File formats:

Microsoft Office: all versions since 1997:
Word, PowerPoint and Excel 97, 2000, XP, 2003, 2007, 2010, doc, docx, xls, xlsx, ppt, pptx (viewing and editing);
Adobe Acrobat PDF Viewer, PDF Reader, Save as PDF;
JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP images; Vector WMF and EMF diagrams; plain text (viewing);
Print to Epson, HP, Xerox, Ricoh, Lexmark, Canon, Konica, Sharp, Oki, IBM, Toshiba, Samsung, Brother, Dell and many other wireless printers supporting HP PCL3GUI, PCL6, PCL5, Epson ESC/P-R, Samsung SPL.

Languages

Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Japanese, French, German, Italian, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish and Turkish.

View documents in the following languages: Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Slovak, Spanish Swedish, Turkish and Ukrainian.

What's in this version:

*Thai and other language improvements
*Access files on memory cards, on non-standard devices.
*Improved PDF colour rendering.
*Improved font support.
*Many other minor improvements.