Tiki Kart 3D 1.0 Cracked from Mac App Store.

$4.99
Category: Games
Released: Mar 05, 2012
Version: 1.0
Size: 55.7 MB
Languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish
Seller: Arb Studios LLC
┬⌐ 2012 Arb Studios LLC
Rated 9+ for the following:
Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence
Requirements: OS X 10.6 or later



Description

Extreme 3D Kart Racing, take complete control over the vehicle! Extreme physics, speed, crashes, weapons and more!

Tiki Bobby has been making friends, enemies, and has even contacted some old buddies from way back, and they have decided to go racing!

From the depths of the volcano there has emerged some of the zaniest vehicles one could imagine. Ever thought of slapping some wheels on a giant piece of fruit and taking it for a spin? How about racing around in a turtle shell? Why not go a step further and race around in a fruity tropical drink, umbrella and all. If you would rather be the big bully on the road, why not ride around in big heavy log or a volcano powered lump of rock? We did not forget our traditionalist with a sleek powder keg powered drag racer and Tiki BobbyΓÇÖs take on what a traditional kart should be.

Go deep into the world of LonloΓÇÖs Volcano like never before. Enjoy the vistas as you barrel down the raceways of 15 fun filled tracks. Hold on tight to your seat as you encounter death defying jumps, spiral through corkscrew turns, speed through boost pads, and go full speed through gravity defying loopedy loops.

Snag a power up pineapple and shuffle through the available gifts to torture your opponents. Send a fireball right up the tailpipe of that guy who cut you off. Plop a puddle of oil or a big glob of goopy tar to discourage the person tailgating you. Fire off a mighty missile to plow its way through the competition. Drop off a mine to create a waiting danger zone. Swipe another drivers kit to anger him then send him to into a rage as you use the item of destruction on him instead. You can even be awarded an extra punch of nitro booster.

Bullet points -

8 karts
15 tracks
Boosts
Rockets
Land Mines
Fireballs
Oil slicks
Sticky Tar
Fast paced
Springs
3 Levels of difficulty and speed
Each Kart has its own handling and abilities - Acceleration, Top Speed, Traction, Boost power, Off-road ability.