A Family Affair

Mistress Savannah joins Her lovely daughter Mistress Missy for a 50 minute romp with a strong male submissive. Mom is upstairs fucking so Missy plays with him and he gets to worship Her feet and hold his breath under Her pantyhose clad ass. In comes Savannah and he starts servicing Her pussy while dear daughter stomps on him. They climb on his back and he rides them around with rope on his balls. A sound spanking and then he is milked out into a clear glass. 

Mistress Savannah is upstairs fucking so Her daughter, Mistress Missy starts in on the big slave. The massive male is treated to Her high heels in his face and the spikes on his back. She sits on his face and then removes Her shoes for foot worship and trample action. 

Some final humiliating foot worship by Mistress Missy and then Her mother wanders in from upstairs. She straddles the slave’s face and sits down heavily, ordering him to eat the leavings from Her fuck. Missy busies Herself tormenting him with hands and feet as he services mature pussy. They tie up his balls and then position him to do some exercise, with Missy then Savannah on his shoulders. 

The exercise continues as the massive slave is used as a mule for the amusement of the Ladies. He is ordered to tongue Savannah’s crotch hole as his reward. She turns and it is time to clean Her asshole with his tongue as Mistress Missy pulls on the rope around his balls to encourage faster action. Now they sit on him and relax, showing their beautiful nylon covered feet. His face is covered again by Savannah’s ass as they mistreat him on the couch. 

The big submissive has Mistress Savannah’s wet pussy and asshole grinding on his face as Mistress Missy teases him with Her tiny feet. He brings Mistress Savannah to orgasm and She gushes on his face. They dominate him with their nylon covered feet and then tie him so his ass is up in the air and begin to spank and paddle him. 

The beating continues as they paddle and spank his ass. Mistress Savannah moves in front of him and sticks Her wet pussy in his face as Mistress Missy canes him. The cane breaks on his ass and they flip him to his back for milking. Mistress Savannah’s skilled hands quickly get him close and they tease him before She empties his balls into the glass.
 
http://www.hotmovies.com/video/206423/A-Family-Affair/

Enjoy, and remember to leave some nice comments for Merzedes and myself if you like what we upload :)
