S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Sleeping Dogs Crackfix

26-08-2012....Release Date <-> Protection....Steam + CEG + Custom
Action...........Game Type <-> Disk(s)...................CRACKFIX

CRACKFIX NOTES

Not so much to say, rather than we're so sorry for the last days of
rampage and troubles our latest cracks have caused. This should fix it!

RELEASE NOTES

Welcome to Hong Kong, a vibrant neon city teeming with life, whose
exotic locations and busy streets hide one of the most powerful and
dangerous criminal organizations in the world: the Triads.

In this open world game, you play the role of Wei Shen, an undercover
cop trying to take down the Triads from the inside out. You'll have to
prove yourself worthy as you fight your way up the organization, taking
part in brutal criminal activities without blowing your cover. Torn
between your loyalty to the badge and a criminal code of honor, you
will risk everything as the lines between truth, loyalty and justice
become permanently blurred.

Features:

A mature and gritty undercover cop drama in which you risk blowing your
cover at any time.

Explosive action fueled by a seamless mix of deadly martial arts,
intense gunfights and brutal takedowns.

Epic high-speed thrills: Burn up the streets or tear up the sea in a
vast array of exotic cars, superbikes and speedboats.

Hong Kong is your playground: Enter illegal races, gamble on cock
fights, or kick back with some karaoke. There are countless ways to
entertain yourself in Hong Kong's diverse districts.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Mount or burn image (Game Not Included)
2. Install
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 2 into the game
installation
4. Play the game
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice.

Remember to block game in firewall. and allow our buddha.dll access
through your antivirus program, or else game will not work!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision		