Nothing too fancy, just an alternative to the broadcast version with the severely bad bit rate at times of high motion that ASAP, IMMERSE, AFG, and mSD used for their releases. I thought usa had a good bit rate but at times it looked worse than ancient youtube. See the included comparison image if you want to know what i mean.

 

                    Common Law | s01e01 | 720p WEB-DL


IN THIS EPISODE

Detectives Travis Marks and Wes Mitchell are the top team in the LAPD Homicide division, but after five years as partners, the laid-back ladies man and the methodical former lawyer are at each other's throats. When one argument too many leads to probation, Captain Phil Sutton takes a novel approach to try and save their flagging partnership: he sends Travis and Wes to couples counseling.

While Travis and Wes certainly do have their issues ΓÇô Travis bounced from foster home to foster home as a child, and Wes hasn't quite accepted the fact that his decision to join the police force caused his ex-wife Alex to divorce him ΓÇô they aren't exactly receptive to the methods of their new therapist, Dr. Emma Ryan. However, Captain Sutton makes it clear that the only way they're going to keep their jobs is if they stick with the counseling and learn to work together.

But when the high profile murder of a Senator's son lands in their laps, Travis and Wes soon learn that juggling casework with therapy isn't easy. And as the details of the case take them from Skid Row to Beverly Hills, the tension between the two detectives surges towards a boiling point until it finally explodes at the worst possible time ΓÇô in front of the D.A.

Suspended, Travis and Wes realise that if they want to solve the case and keep their jobs, they just may have to have to ignore their differences and give this therapy thing a real shot.



NOT IN THIS EPISODE

If you are looking for Amy Acker or were into this series BECAUSE of her then sorry but the folks who make the decisions decided to drop her in favour of Sonya Walger whom you might know from The Mind Of The Married Man or maybe from Sleeper Cell. Don't you just hate when roles get recast and you would like BOTH people to be in the show.  



The file specs are pretty standard:

67min 51sec
2.21 GB
1280x720 px
AVC
384 kbps 5.1 AC3
sourced from that mecca from whence the WEB-DL was born.


I won't do the .mp4 format so unless someone else makes it anyone wanting that format is SOL. There is however an XviD release :)  http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/7268712

I don't have the fastest of uploads and this is a rather large file so please be patient. 