Advanced System Care Pro 6



Enjoy the Lightning Fast PC Speedup with just ONE Click!
Advanced SystemCare PRO 6 provides automated and all-in-one PC care service with Malware Removal, Privacy Protection, Performance Tune-up, and System Cleaning capabilities. It also creates superior and safer online experience with the latest Surfing Protection and Internet Boost technology, ensuring you top online security and maximum PC performance.

What's New in Advanced SystemCare PRO 6
Brand New User Interface
The New One-Click Solution Provides Maximum Convenience to Conduct a Comprehensive PC-Care with Just a Click of a Button.

New Web Surfing Protection
Creates a Safer Online Environment by Detecting Risky Websites and Other E-threats that May Harm Your PC.

New Internet Boost Technology
Provides Smoother Online Experience by Accelerating Internet Downloading, Web Surfing, Online Video and Gaming up to 300% Faster.

New Generation Disk Defragment Engine
Makes Disk Scanning and Optimization Much Faster by Intelligently Organizing Drive Data for Maximum Performance.

Key Benefits 


Provides an Ultimate Solution for TOP PC Performance
Fully optimizes your Windows for ultimate performance and top Internet speed by unleashing the built-in power of your system. Advanced SystemCare PRO 6 offers registry cleaning, system tune-up, privacy sweep, junk files cleaning, disk defragmentation, and more features in one suite, to make your PC run like new.

Detects More Hidden Problems of PC Security and Performance
Detects and analyzes Windows security. Scans and removes spyware, adware and hijackers with our up-to-date database. New Web Surfing Protection creates a safer online environment by detecting risky websites and other e-threats that may harm your PC.

One Click to Have Full Range of PC-Care Service
Brand new user interface designed for easier and simpler use. New one-click solution provides maximum convenience to conduct a comprehensive PC-care with just a click of a button.

Real-time Optimization with ActiveBoost Function
ActiveBoost, technology that actively runs in the background, manages system resources in real time, continuously detects inactive resources and optimizes CPU/ RAM usage.

Over 20 dedicated Smart Tools for Daily PC Maintenance
Advanced SystemCare PRO 6 integrates the latest IObit Toolbox for daily PC maintenance and advanced needs. 26 dedicated smart tools are included for system cleaning, optimizing and repairing, and security enhancement, providing you an all-in-one solution to fully control your system.

Smarter Scanning and Optimizing Technology for More Efficient Maintenance
You now have Smart Scan that can scan your PC automatically in the background and speed up your PC to its TOP performance.

Performance Monitor Gives You Peace of Mind
New performance monitoring technology makes you remain confident with your PC, by presenting you a dashboard to update your system performance in real time. It also provides a quick launch option to fix your problems faster.

Turbo Boost for Better Working and Gaming Experience
Turbo Boost, technology that terminates unnecessary services and applications, provides you a more efficient working and superb gaming experience. In addition, you can customize the configuration of different modes according to needs.

Next-Generation Registry Deep Clean and Optimizer
Safely cleans registry junk, compacts registry bloats and defragments the entire registry for maximum performance. Finds and fixes more hidden registry errors that other utility software miss detecting.

Powerful Hard Drive Defragmentation
Fast, powerful and super effective Disk Defrag function to defragment hard drives - up to 10 times faster than other defragmentation tools in the market.

Automatically Runs in the Background
Advanced SystemCare PRO 6 works continuously, automatically and quietly in the background on your PC. You can set the program on regular schedule or just let it run automatically when your PC is idle.

FREE, Award-Winning Customer Support for Every User
24/7 Technical Support and Community Support at your service.
100% Money-back Guarantee
When you purchase Advanced SystemCare PRO 6, your satisfaction is guaranteed. Within 30 days, you can request your money back if you're not satisfied with no questions asked.