
Ice Age: Continental Drift - Artic Games (c) Activision

20-06-2012....Release Date - Protection.................SecuROM
Action...........Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELOADED NOTES

Apparently it's comedy season, because the laughable crew RELOADED has
once more proved to that scene, that they're clowns of the scene.

First of all, their The Dark Eye Chains of Satinav Proper Crack is
featuring untrue informations, because those slower loading times they
mention in their nfo - isn't even close to our own testing times. Maybe
it's time to get your slow imaginary PC's replaced. At least boost your
hardware in your little imaginary world.

What's the issue RELOADED? We can do SecuROM reversed and you absolutly
have to find. and make up a rule in the scene that does not exist, just
to be able to find a peakhole to proper us.

Are we propering Steam emulations loading times too? Because we could
proper alot of yours, if we wanted.

We could proper Call.of.Duty.Modern.Warfare.3-RELOADED easily because
of loading times, and no your crackfix for that didn't help with the
loading times.

Take the lastest Dirt game - when are you going to proper that, because
our crack loads around 30-40% faster than the crack released into the
scene.

Dear siteops, admins etc - don't listen to RELOADED and their bullshit.
Our cracks are working and if they're not, RELOADED can proper, but not
before, and with their imaginary laughable reasons.

RELEASE NOTES

Get ready to brave the icy cold glacial games in Ice Age: Continental
Drift.

When their island is set adrift in the midst of continental upheaval,
Manny, Sid, Diego and the herd encounter a ragtag menagerie of
seafaring pirates with a secret treasure. Having trouble deciding on
how to split the treasure evenly, they collectively decide to settle
the problem through a series of off-the-wall sporting events including
ski jumping, ice smashing and glacial hopping. Ultimately, the winner
of the most events will be entitled to the prize.

As the prehistoric games begin, players must side with Manny and the
herd, or the seafaring pirates to determine the fate of the riches.

In Ice Age: Continental Drift, gamers of all ages can use teamwork or
go head-to-head as their favourite characters in a motion controlled
competition that's fun for the whole family.

Features:

Hop, Smash and Dash in 10 wild arctic events including Glacier
Hopping, the Prehistoric Plumber, Bob-Smashing, and Coconut Slingshot

Battle for Prehistoric Plunder and win gold, silver and bronze acorns

Climb to the top of the leaderboard as you challenge your friends in
fast-paced multi-player action

Test your skills in multiple modes including Story Mode and Free Play
designed to test even the most skilled arctic athletes

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy