Artist: Özlem Tekin
Album: Bana bi'şey olmaz 
Year: 2010
Genre: Pop/Rock
Language: Turkish
Format: MP3
Bit Rate: CBR 192 kbps

It has been five years since Ozlem Tekin’s last album ‘10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1’, but now she is finally back with ‘Bana bi'şey olmaz’. Ozlem might not be the most productive singer, she is definitely one of the most influential contemporary pop artists in Turkey. Her songs often have controversial lyrics and with her second album ‘Òz’ she was the first mainstream artist in Turkey releasing an electronic pop album recorded entirely with electronic instruments. She took quite a turn with her previous album, on which she rocked harder and louder than before. After five long years, during which she got married to Cem Òcal, we were really anxious to hear what Ozlem’s new album would be bring us. Well, to be frank: the album is definitely not bad; it contains ten very decent pop/rock songs (and one extra acoustic song). But at the same time it sounds a bit safe and smooth, not as creative and adventurous as we hoped and expected from Oz.

Still, the album does not contain weak songs either, so if you are into female European pop/rock singers, Ozlem Tekin is definitely worth checking out and her latest album might offer a good introduction. The songs on the album were written and composed by Ozlem together with her husband Cem Öcal, Murat Çekem, Can Şengün and Burak Uçkun. It opens with the title track ‘Bana bi'şey olmaz’ (‘I am not me’) in up tempo rock style. Then she slows down a bit with the mid tempo ‘Kimse bilmez’ (‘No one knows’), followed by the dramatic ballad ‘Yatağım boş’ (‘My bed is empty’), one of the best songs on the album. Then a few mid tempo pop/rock songs follow, among them the traditional ‘Aslan yarim’ (‘Half lion’), that she turns into an interesting pop tune. The closing track is the beautiful (but unfortunately very short) ballad ‘Sil baştan’ (‘All over again’), on which Ozlem shows her ability to write touching lyrics.