This is a homebrewed unofficial patch to fix the various bugs the SOE/Valve left in their "starer pack," release EverQuest Underfoot.

NOTE: Being that this is an unofficial patch, it is ONLY ONLY ONLY for use with the EverQuest Underfoot Client and ONLY for people playing on EQEmu servers with this specific client. It will not work with Titaniam but may be compatible with SoD since SoD is Underfoot without Underfoot enabled [this is untested however].

The patch has been tested on THF servers with the UF client running on Windows Vista and XP Pro SP3.

NOTE2: This software is not intended for use on SOE Live servers and is not endorsed or Licensed by Sony Entertainment of America or Sony Online Entertainment in anyway shape or form. Do not use this patch for playing on an SOE Live server as it will most likely get your account banned seeing that these are NOT original SOE files, but custom files created for EQEmu solely.

You have been warned.

List of bugfixes:

North Freeport sounds glitch
West Freeport sound glitch
Northern Desert of Ro sound glitch
Southern Desert of Ro sound glitch
Oasis of Marr sound glitch
Solusek Temple sound glitch
Missing/Glitched spell sound effects
Weapon, Armor, Shield, graphic/animation glitching
Drakkin animation script glitch
Freeport Academy script glitch
Blackburrow missing/bugged graphics
Bastion of Thunder missing/bugged graphics
North Freeport missing/bugged graphics
West Freeport missing/bugged graphics
Tower of the Frozen Shadow missing/bugged graphics
Guk missing/bugged graphics
Northern Desert of Ro missing/bugged graphics
Oasis of Marr missing/bugged graphics
Ocean of Tears missing/bugged graphics
Plane of Fire missing/bugged graphics
Plane of Storms missing/bugged graphics
Plane of Water missing/bugged graphics
Qvic Prayer Grounds missing/bugged graphics
Rathe Mountains missing/bugged graphics
Southern Desert of Ro missing/bugged graphics
Bastion of Thunder data scripting errors
Dreadlands data scripting errors
Western Freeport data scripting errors
Guk data scripting errors
Gulf of Gunthak data scripting errors
Northern Desert of Ro data scripting errors
Oasis of Marr data scripting errors
Plane of Knowledge data scripting errors
Qvic Prayer Grounds data scripting errors
Missing PC/NPC Race Data scripting errors
Missing Spell Data scripting errors
Southern Desert of Ro Data scripting errors
Bastion of Thunder missing backgroud music track
Missing Northern Freeport character mapping references
Missing Western Freeport character mapping references
Missing northern Desert of Ro character mapping references
Missing Citadel of the Worldslayer zone references

Special thanks to Sven Ecklemann for all his information on the creation and editing of S3D files and his 1,000,001 tutorials! To Kurzesblatt for all the coding help and testing work. To ThatUnofficialGuy for his packing and repacking, and recoding, and repacking this release! LOL! You have all been great!

Without further ado...

You can now take an animated Drakkin to Plane of Storms... Enjoy!

[This is offered under CC-BY-SA; you can edit and redistribute ad nauseum so long as you give original credit to the above named folks] 