Nutrients A-Z: A User's Guide to Foods, Herbs, Vitamins, Minerals & Supplements (5th Ed)
BY Dr Michael Sharon
Carlton Books | 2009 | ISBN: 97S 1 84732 263 0 | PDF | 352 pages | 9 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Nutrient-A-Z-Vitamins-Minerals-Supplements/dp/1847322638
scanned to PDF by me.

Nutritional knowledge is in high demand. 'Back to nature' awareness has become a way of life for many thousands of people and nutritional supplements, organic produce, health foods and rediscovered herbs are the talk of the day. People are taking more responsibility for their own well-being and the result is a greater need for nutritional information, conveniently available and easily understood.
This book is intended to serve as a nutritional dictionary, a quick reference book for lay people as well as professionals. It is meant to provide basic information on various nutritional issues, and can easily be used at home or while shopping in the health food store.
Now in its fifth edition, Nutrients AΓÇöZ is an invaluable reference aimed at helping you to navigate the increasingly confused minefield of food and health products.
This fully updated new edition of Nutrients A-Z is an easy-to-use dictionary of every kind of food, herb, vitamin, mineral or supplement you might encounter, from the most common everyday foods, like bananas and carrots, to the oldest natural medicines in the world, like olive oil and yoghurt, and recent developments in nutritional supplements from guarana to St John's Wort.Each entry gives a definition in plain language: what it is and where it comes from; the form it takes; how to prepare or enjoy it; its medicinal and health benefits and a recommended daily dose.

About the Author
Dr Michael Sharon is the author of the bestsellers Complete Nutrition, Eat to Live and Food and Health. A nutrition consultant to health food companies with his own private practice, he has a PhD from Donsbach University in California, now known as the International University for Nutritional Education.

I found this book quite informative & useful but the tightly bound paperback was quite difficult to scan. However I decided to go ahead with it & here it is!