Registry First Aid

As the name Registry First Aid implies, this is a tool that will help you keep your Windows registry in top notch condition. It will fix most known registry problems and with regular periodic use, and it will insure that minor registry problems do not pile up and get out of hand causing serious problems for your computer. 

What is the registry?	

At the heart of every Windows operating system, is the registry. The windows registry is the database that holds all the settings Windows needs to function. The longer you use Windows, the more the registry will hold. Over time, the windows registry can get cluttered and hold data that is no longer valid. 

Does Windows keep problems from happening in the registry?	

Unfortunately Windows cannot keep your registry healthy as a result of poor programming techniques by too many software developers. Uninstalling programs is a prime culprit of leaving small problems that grow to become big problems. Not all software un-installations do a complete job leaving behind numerous nagging file references in the Windows registry pointing to files that no longer exist. In time, you can end up with hundreds of these files that may slow down your computer and cause software to lock up, requiring a hard reboot of your computer. 

Also, if you've moved your programs from one drive to another, you can break the file links that a program needs. Registry First Aid will find these files and folders that you've moved on your hard drive and help you correct the registry entries that point to them. 

Registry First Aid scans the Windows registry for orphan file/folder references, finds these files or folders on your drives that may have been moved from their initial locations, and then corrects your registry entries to match the located files or folders. In addition, if your registry has links to files of deleted applications, Registry First Aid will find these invalid entries and remove them from your registry. With Registry First Aid, your Windows registry will be always clean and correct, helping your programs load faster and speeding up your computer. 

Why should I repair and clean my registry?	

If your computer is slowing down, locking up, or randomly rebooting, it may have been caused by broken links in the registry which hold data that is no longer valid. Such links point to a location where there was a file, but has since disappeared. These partially-deleted applications and orphaned files can then cause major computer problems. Often, such invalid links occur because program uninstallers do not completely remove their registry entries, programs were not correctly uninstalled by the user, a user views a file attached to email without saving them to disk first, or applications have been moved without uninstalling and reinstalling them. This invalid data eventually begins to clutter your registry, slowing Windows down and causing other possible problems. 


Registry First Aid Works Under: 

Windows 2000/2003/XP/Vista and the new Windows 7 64-bit and 32-bit Windows. 

Homepage: http://www.registry-repair-software.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.