                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Audio Control provides an amazing volume management experience.
Audio Control has 4 components: Profiles, Schedules, Exceptions, and Quick. Each provides a unique way to control how your phone sounds and behaves.

The purpose of Audio Control is to allow you to create and manage unique audio profiles and switch between them with ease. When a profile is applies all the sounds of the device will change to match that profile.

Features:

    12 Widgets that are completely customizable 
    Profile widget that is resizable and can have multiple instances 
    Download FREE custom widget background or make and share your own from the developers website 
    8 Shortcuts to access any part of Audio Control or apply a profile quickly 
    A separate speakerphone volume for when the speakerphone is too loud or quiet 
    Profiles for Headsets (Bluetooth and Wired) 
    Locale and Tasker support for scheduling by location and more!* (Requires Local or Tasker app) 
    Complete Tutorial so you donΓÇÖt miss out on anything 
    Tablet optimized 

Profiles are a way to save and restore audio profiles, with one tap put your phone on Silent, Vibrate, Loud, Sleep, or whatever you can imagine.

Schedules provide a way to apply your audio profiles by day and time. For example apply a Sleep profile every night before bed. Or a work profile before you arrive to work.

Quick will apply a profile for a short pre-determined time and then apply a different profile when that time is up. Useful for those quick meetings the boss surprises you with.

Exceptions are a great way to never miss a phone call or SMS message. Add a contact to exceptions and when they contact you a profile will apply just moments before so you donΓÇÖt miss them.

Widgets and Shortcuts are a great way to access any part of Audio Control from your home screen. Apply a profile with only one click! There are lots of widget and shortcut options to choose from, so donΓÇÖt miss out!

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 2, 2012)

    Free widget background packs at (www.mobiletrialware.com/downloads)
    Widget bug fix
    Ringtone fix
    Theme updates
    Updated widget backgrounds

Required Android O/S : 2.2+



                                   By bobiras2009	