Best Service Forest Kingdom - Virtual Instrument







Best Service presents Forest Kingdom. Developed by Eduardo Tarilonte - the renowned producer of "Epic World" and many other highly regarded libraries - Forest Kingdom is a unique sample library inspired by Nature. It is the sound of forests and jungles, the sound of Mother Nature herself in one sample library!
Forest Kingdom is a 7 GB library with more than 200 patches and 7.500 individual samples (44Khz-24bits) that includes flutes, harps, percussion, fantasy creatures, voices and sonic landscapes.









Instruments


   Celtic Harps: Two magical harps (accoustic and electric)
   Flutes: Bulgarian piccolo flute, Native American Kiowa flute, African Fula Flute, Double Flute, Xiao and a full set of Panpipes, from the tiniest to the hugest (1,5 meters height and B0 to C6 range)
   Percussion: A great set of percussion instruments from ambient to powerful, including numerous different shakers, chimes, taiko, duff, cumacos, slic drum, udu, marimbola (a huge kalimba) and more...Percussion has from 6 to 14 different velocity layers and 4 round robin each.
   Pads: 80 totally controllable soundscapes the likes of which you’ve never heard before.
   Voices: A beautiful ethereal solo voice with real legato and shamanic phrases.
   Fantasy Creatures: Forest Kingdom includes an array of fantasy creatures sounds and bird calls.



more at ---> http://www.bestservice.de/detail1.asp/best_service/forest_kingdom/en


System requirements

Mac OS

   Mac OS 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7
   Min. recommended: Intel Mac 1.8GHz, 1GB Ram
   Interfaces: Standalone, AU, VST, RTAS (32bit)

Windows

   Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, 32bit & 64bit
   Min. recommended: Pentium/Athlon XP 3.0GHz, 1GB Ram





INSTALLATION

• You need WinRAR to extract the rar's files.

• Add The Library To The UNLOCKED ENGINE 2




         •  That's it! Done.

         •  Supp0rt th3 D3v3lop3r if you liK3 it.


                       3Nj0Y!!!

