Pretty Little Liars - Season 1 - Episode 22
"For Whom The Bell Tolls"

(Windows Media Audio/Video File)

Now that Aria, Emily, Hanna and Spencer are in possession of the information that Alison left them, the girls decide that itΓÇÖs time to finally put an end to ΓÇ£AΓÇ¥ and the mystery surrounding their friend. They turn to Jenna, finding out what Alison spoke to her about in the hospital; how she threatened Jenna with the video if she didn't keep their secret. Hanna is confused when she is told by her mother that Caleb was going to the festival to give her a letter before he left town. Mona tries covering it up but when she is having a mysterious phone call about Hanna's well-being, Lucas tells her she's wrong and Hanna deserves to be happy. Spencer buys a prepaid phone to tell Ian that they found the video and to come to the park with $10,000. Aria's mother has a get together with all of the teachers, but is shocked to see Ezra's past love show up. Spencer is shunned when she cracks a joke about Melissa's baby's christening, but regrets it since the baby is just Ian's spawn, not Ian. Jenna is shown worrying about the repercussions of the video getting out into society, and it is revealed that she is secretly dating Garret, who consoles her and promises to keep her safe. When Melissa (stood up at the church by Ian) senses something wrong and cannot find her phone, Spencer offers to drive her to the church to find her phone, but they get into a car accident, leaving Melissa's baby in danger. After Emily, Hanna, Aria, and Garret go to the park to find Ian, a messenger shows up giving them the money instead of Ian. Back at the church searching for Melissa's phone, Spencer finds Ian instead. He chases her up the stairs and attacks her, revealing that it was Ian who said he pushed Alison knocking her unconscious, even though Spencer knows Alison died of suffocation. Ian pushes Spencer but she latches onto his leg, screaming for help. A hooded figure comes up to them, and Ian questions why he/she is there. The figure pushes Ian, making him plummet to his death. When the police show up to get the body, they think the girls are lying because Ian is nowhere to be found. But without certain proof, they cannot justify that he was actually there attempting to murder Spencer. As the girls walk out of the church, still shaken about the near death experience, they receive a text from A stating, "It's not over until I say it is. Sleep tight while you still can bitches. -A."

Length: 00:44:08
Original Air Date: March 21, 2011
 
http://bayimg.com/BANnKaADG