Public Enemies (2009) AVCHD DVD9 Retail Subs Dutch TBS

Public Enemies (2009) 

Verenigde Staten
Misdaad / Drama
140 minuten

geregisseerd door Michael Mann
met Johnny Depp, Christian Bale en Marion Cotillard

De jaren '30 worden in de Verenigde Staten gekenmerkt door misdaden en gangsters die het land onveilig maken. John Dillinger (Johhny Depp) is een bekende bankrover en moordenaar die steeds uit de handen van de politie glipt. Tijdens haar zoektocht naar Dillinger en zijn collega's Baby Face Nelson en Pretty Boy Floyd krijgt de politie de hulp van een nieuwe instantie, de eerste federale politiemacht: de FBI. Melvin Purvis (Christian Bale) leidt het groepje agenten dat probeert om de gevaarlijke gangsters te arresteren.


Storyline

This is the story of the last few years of the notorious bank robber John Dillinger. He loved what he did and could imagine little else that would make him happier. Living openly in 1930s Chicago, he had the run of the city with little fear of reprisals from the authorities. It's there that he meets Billie Frechette with whom he falls deeply in love. In parallel we meet Melvin Purvis, the FBI agent who would eventually track Dillinger down. The FBI was is in its early days and Director J. Edgar Hoover was keen to promote the clean cut image that so dominated the organization through his lifetime. Purvis realizes that if he is going to get Dillinger, he will have to use street tactics and imports appropriate men with police training. Dillinger is eventually betrayed by an acquaintance who tells the authorities just where to find him on a given night.


 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1152836/ 
http://www.moviemeter.nl/film/48987


Source. UNTOUCHED BLU-RAY DISCS ┬╗ Public Enemies (2009)
Titel...............: Public Enemies (2009)       
Length..............: 140 minutes
Tools:AVCHDcoder....: 7003 kbps
Audio Codec.........: Engels 
Audio BitRate.......: 6ch, AC3 640 kbps  
AVCHD Output resolution 1920x1080    
HIGH QUALITY MEDIUM   ISO    DVD9  
Deze AVCHD is gemaakt met AVCHDCoder: ┬╗ Frame rate: 23.976
Subtitles...........: NL  

Enjoy the Movie

Kom ook eens kijken :
 
http://www.black-sam.org

Don`t quit after you finished the download, but keep seeding.