
Sissy Slut Secretary - Lustomic Productions.



Starring: Mistress Taylor, Alexis Grace; Tiffany DuNotté

I knew you were a little sissy slut bitch the day I hired you! 


Timothy's boss, Alexis, knew he was a submissive bitch boi slut the day she hired him. She just needed a little evidence in case Timmy tried to deny it. So she asked the IT Department to do some snooping and find out what Timmy was surfing on the Internet at work. Well, wouldn't you know... Timmy was visiting some very naughty sissy slut sites like Lustomic.com! Perhaps not the best use of company time, huh Timmy?

Alexis decides to turn Timothy into Tiffany, her feminized sissy secretary... permanently! It's either a new career in high heels, pantyhose, short skirts and nail polish or standing in line at the unemployment office.

When Mistress Alexis and Tiffany return home after shopping for girly things at the mall, Tiffany learns that there's rarely any time off for a submissive little sissy slut. During the day Tiffany will work as Alexis' secretary, but at night she'll be the Mistress' live-in sissy maid.

Tiffany will need to wear the proper uniform, of course: a tightly cinched corset, French maid's dress, fishnet stockings, and 6 inch stiletto heels. All that dressing makes Tiffany a little excited so Alexis decides to lock her in a chastity device. Not before making Tiffany milk her hard sissy stick, cum on the Mistress' nylons and clean it all up... with her tongue!

Mistress Alexa introduces her new sissy slut secretary to the company CEO, Lady Audrey. Tiffany teeters in with coffee for the ladies and then must kiss their high heel pumps to show Audrey how subservient she is. Alexa tells Audrey of her plan to use her pretty little slut to help close the Johnson deal by offering her "services" to Mr. Johnson at the Kitty Kat Lounge that Friday evening! The CEO loves Alexa's creative use of company assets, but insists on trying out the sissy bitch before she has to perform for an actual client.  

Mistress Alexis needs one last signature to close the Johnson deal and she's got the perfect little enticement to make sure she gets it! She dresses her cock-tease sissy slut, Tiffany in a tight hot pink mini dress and silver glitter high heels to make sure Mr. Johnson is pleased to finalize the deal. After a nice long slurpy blow-job in one of the Kitty Kat Lounge's VIP rooms, Tiffany gets her face sprayed with cum and Alexis gets her signed contract!

Cover Front 
http://pic.aebn.net/Stream/Movie/Boxcovers/a160066_xlf.jpg

Cover Back 
http://pic.aebn.net/Stream/Movie/Boxcovers/a160066_xlb.jpg

Screens 
http://image.bayimg.com/gabkcaaee.jpg


8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  

Cheers  :-) 
		
