                                 By bobiras2009		


Video Converter Android (VidCon) is the best video converter on Android for Android. With the background ffmpeg library support, Video converter for Android can convert almost any video formats to mpeg4 and h264 videos, including asf, avi, divx, flv, m2v, m4v, mjpeg, mkv, mov, mpg, ogg, ogv, rm, rmvb, webm, wmv etc. If you want a specific video format to be supported, please leave the details in comments or email us. WeΓÇÖll try to add the support in future release.

Features:

    convert most commonly seen video formats to mp4 or h.264
    reduce video file size to send out through SMS etc. (Reduce size profile)
    convert video while keep original video quality (Keep quality profile)
    advanced mode to specify video bitrate, arbitrary resolution, audio bitrate, codec etc. (Manual profile)

If youΓÇÖre an existing user, please update both your codec library and this app to use the converter. *****

video converter android pro key is available. menu->help->GetPro to get the pro version key. It get rid of the ads and enabled more features***

If Video Converter Android always fails to convert videos, please press menu=>help=>feedback=>conversion to send out a detailed log. WeΓÇÖve been making the app work on more and more devices.
Instead of using MX Video Player, MoboPlayer, DoubleTwist Player, mVideoPlayer, VPlayer, RockPlayer and many other video players to play the video in various formats, you can use Video Converter for Android to convert the video to formats Android support, and play the video using system player with hardware acceleration. It gives you better video experience.

What's in this version : (Updated : July 23, 2012)

    add Chinese language support
    allow free version users to try out pro features for 3 days
    Reduce size function: specify a target output video size
    Keep quality function: ask video converter to keep the original quality
    Arbitrary resolution support added
    UI polish
    bug fixes

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                 By bobiras2009		