HeyHey guys,
    This is one of my first uploads. I have finished getting all 7 parts of the SKIDROW version of the game from SKIDROWdotNET. It is 100 percent legit, and fully cracked. I just finished getting it from the website mentioned above, and have decided to share it with our great community. Like i said, this is my first upload, and I will max out my uploading capabilities, please be patient if it is slow at first, and SEED PLEASE guys!!  Love being a member of TPB, have been for a long time,,,, it's time i gave back.  Enjoy! 



Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as a supernatural assassin driven by revenge. With DishonoredΓÇÖs flexible combat system, creatively eliminate your targets as you combine the supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal. Pursue your enemies under the cover of darkness or ruthlessly attack them head on with weapons drawn. The outcome of each mission plays out based on the choices you make.

Story:

Dishonored is set in Dunwall, an industrial whaling city where strange steampunk- inspired technology and otherworldly forces coexist in the shadows. You are the once-trusted bodyguard of the beloved Empress. Framed for her murder, you become an infamous assassin, known only by the disturbing mask that has become your calling card. In a time of uncertainty, when the city is besieged by plague and ruled by a corrupt government armed with industrial technologies, dark forces conspire to bestow upon you abilities beyond those of any common man ΓÇô but at what cost? The truth behind your betrayal is as murky as the waters surrounding the city, and the life you once had is gone forever.

Key features:

Improvise and Innovate
Approach each assassination with your own style of play. Use shadow and sound to your advantage to make your way silently through levels unseen by foes, or attack enemies head-on as they respond to your aggression. The flexible combat system allows you to creatively combine your abilities, supernatural powers and gadgets as you make your way through the levels and dispatch your targets. Improvise and innovate to define your play style.

System Requirements

Minimum:
OS: Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: 3.0 GHz dual core or better
Memory: 4 GB system RAM
Hard Disk Space: 9 GB
Video Card: DirectX 9 compatible with 512 MB video RAM or better (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 / ATI Radeon HD 5850)
Sound: Windows compatible sound card

Title: Dishonored
Genre: Action, Adventure
Developer: Arkane Studios
Publisher: Bethesda Softworks
Release Date: Oct 9, 2012
Languages: English*, German*, French*, Italian*, Spanish*

Dishonored ΓÇô FULL UNLOCKED ΓÇô MULTI5
SIZE: 6.25 GB