Cuban Counterpoint~History of the Son Montuno (Rounder) [FLAC] {MKOP}

This 22-track anthology issued by Rounder in 1992 covers the wide-ranging son montuno idiom and its diverse yet related forms. It includes segments from the '20s to the '70s; there are Spanish vocal arrangements and ensembles, polyrhythmic African percussion, linguistic elements of each, and material that sometimes sounds like songs heard in saloons and cantinas on the Mexican border, and at other times, like the bustling jam sessions heard in East Coast clubs. The songs are mostly short (none longer than three-and-a-half minutes) and include several contributions from the great bandleader Arsenio Rodriguez, as well as cuts by Sexteto Habanero, Beny Moré, and the Cachao All-Stars featuring El Nino Rivera. It's exhaustively annotated as well.~Ron Wynn (allmusic)

01. Field Rec., Bayamo, Oriente, 1950 - Mercedes
02. Field Rec., San Luís, Oriente, 1950 - Muchacha No Seas Boba
03. Los Tutankamen - La Muerte Es Muy Natural
04. Sexteto Habanero - La Loma De Belén
05. Sexteto Boloña - Martillo Clavo, Clavo Martillo
06. Sexteto Nacional - Mujeres Enamorenme
07. Septeto Nacional - Que Bonita Es
08. Septeto Nacional - Mayeya, No Juegues Con Los Santos
09. Septeto Nacional - El Son Y Sus Instrumentos
10. Conjunto Típico Habanero - Papa Montero
11. Arsenio Rodriguez Y Su Conjunto - Dame Un Cachito Pa' Huele'
12. Arsenio Rodriguez Y Su Conjunto - El Reloj De La Pastora
13. Arsenio Rodriguez Y Su Conjunto - Kila, Quique Y Chocolate
14. Cachao All Stars - Cogele El Golpe
15. Cachao All Stars - Oye Mi Tres Montuno
16. Arsenio Rodriguez Y Su Conjunto - Para Bailar El Montuno
17. Celia Cruz With The Sonora Mantancera - Bajo La Luna
18. Celia Cruz With The Sonora Mantancera - El Congo
19. Miguel Cuní With The Conjunto Modelo - Con Mana Se Rompe
20. Abelardo Barroso With The Orquesta Sensacion - Changüi Monte
21. Miguel Cuní With Félix Chapotín - Canto Al Monte
22. Beny Moré And Band - El Canonero

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders