Like zombies? Love soccer? Well get your soccer gear on, ‘cause it’s time for PRO ZOMBIE SOCCER from Super Awesome Hyper-Dimensional Mega Team!
No one ever needed an excuse to go out and kill zombies. Or to kick a soccer ball around. But if you want an excuse to kick a soccer ball into space, realign an orbital weapons platform and launch a death-ray to explode the heads of the zombies sneaking into your soccer field – then THIS IS IT!

NON-STOP ACTION
Pro Zombie Soccer’s intuitive control system offers a torrent of incredibly deep, satisfying and addictive zombie-blasting action, from free kicks to full orbital assault! This is high-quality mobile gaming at its best.

BIG AND FUNNY
A horde of unique zombies; a locker full of cool abilities, combos and rewards; a laugh-out-loud twisted story that spans a series of varied, original and surprising levels ... you won’t want it to end! It’s lucky the game’s SO BIG.

STUNNING GRAPHICS
High-resolution visuals, fluid animations, and all the gore you’d expect from a zombie game! Incredible characters, environments and comic-style set-pieces draw you into a surreal, immersive world.

ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK
Beautiful graphics and addictive gameplay are accompanied by a full, powerful new soundtrack from Badolatomusic.
Pro Zombie Soccer comes from a brand-new developer whose founders helped create the super-addictive classics ‘Plants vs. Zombies’ and ‘Worms’. Find out what the TEN BY A ZOMBIE? Because that’s how the story begins...

What's in this version:
-Fixed bug where the game would not save player progress
-Tablet version ... ACTIVATED!
-Pro Zombie Soccer Apocalypse Edition for tablets includes 3 awesome new modes!
-Sniper
-Odyssey Normal
-Odyssey Pro

More Info:
Code: 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.supermegateam.prozombiesoccer

Released by chathu_ac
cracked by apkmania.com

SD Files:  

                              or                                                             
           


Instructions:
✓ Install the APK
✓ Copy 'com.supermegateam.prozombiesoccer' folder to /sdcard/Android/Obb'
✓ Launch the Game

enjoyeeee:)
