S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Sine Mora (c) Kalypso Media Digital

09-11-2012......Release Date <-> Protection.................Steam
Action.............Game Type <-> Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Sine Mora is a horizontal shoot'em up that provides a unique take on
challenge, where time is the ultimate factor. Mixing classic shooter
sensibilities with contemporary presentation, Sine Mora is a gorgeous
shoot'em up that offers a Story Mode that weaves an over-the-top tale
and an Arcade Mode that provides deep, satisfying gameplay to challenge
fans of the genre. With many ways to manipulate time, Sine Mora
features over 50 weapon combinations to complete each beautiful stage
that form fits to the player's skills with scaling difficulty
Soundtrack composed by Akira Yamaoka and featuring boss designs by
Mahiro Maeda

Features:

Engrossing story integrated seamlessly into the action to elevate the
user experience

Unique, time extension based gameplay

7 beautifully crafted, diverse stages

Over 50 different weapon combinations with time manipulating devices

Great accessibility - Story Mode is tailored to not scare away absolute
newcomers to the genre

Risk and reward - multiple difficulty levels in Arcade Mode with deep
scoring and hidden rank system for the more experienced players

Music composed by Akira Yamaoka, Sound Director of Silent Hill and
Shadows of the Damned

Featuring boss designs by Mahiro Maeda, one of the most prominent
Japanese anime creators (Blue Submarine No. 6, The Animatrix - The
Second Renaissance, Kill Bill: Vol. 1)"

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice

Prsented By : SkidrowZgames