
POtHS - Creation 58


Origins - Part 3

POtHS Comments on This one......... There is truth here for all ages and beliefs. If Darwin was wrong...........then the Schools have been intentionally lying to our Children. If the schools teach Darwinism which says there is NO CHRIST. Then they are of The Anti-Christ. Public Schools teaching books CHANGE EVERY YEAR. The Bible never changes. So where is truth??? In Evolution Theories??? If you believe in Evolution you are denying The Father, The Son and The Holy Spirit of the Praise They are entitled too for making everything you understand and can see and more than that, everything you don't understand and can't see. If you have never thanked the CREATOR for his Creation now is your chance to thank Him.

Description:

POtHS - Creation - 58 - Origins - Part 3

Origins:

Watch as scientists, researchers and authors share relevant facts and thought-provoking evidence supporting creation.  Join us for Cornerstone TeleVision's unique program entitled, ORIGINS, and then decide for yourself the truth about your human origins.  These new programs seen on Cornerstone Television Network and our affiliates throughout the world, continue to offer a forum to use scientific evidence to validate the truth of creation.

Donn Chapman reminds us,
“It’s God’s view that He created you… and that should be your worldview too!”

Part 3 - This download includes the following TV episodes, 30 min. each:
Origins - Beauty is Skin Deep Elements of Hair with Dr. David Menton
Origins - Beauty is Skin Deep Skin Color with Dr. David Menton
Origins - Breath of Life   Heart and Blood Vesselswith Dr. David Menton
Origins - Breath of Life Parts 1 & 2- Lungs & Blood with Dr. David Menton
Origins - Continental Sprint with Dr. Steven Austin parts 1 & 2
Origins - Creation Week with Dr. Donald DeYoung
Origins - Design Demands a Designer with Dr. Brad Harrub
Origins - Dinosaurs: Have you been brainwashed?
Origins - Discovery by Design with Dr. Donald DeYoung
Origins - Evolution - The Grand Experiment - Parts 1-3 with Dr. Carl Werner


This is dedicated to my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


The Entire Collection can be found here: 


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


Ephesians 5:11

11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


           
     
:thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  


 
