Actors: Scot McKnight
Directors: Charity Spatzeck-Olsen
Number of discs: 1
Studio: Paraclete Video Production
DVD Release Date: October 1, 2008

Duration: 47 min 32 sec    
Data Rate: 1868 kbps (ave)
Video Info: 720 x 480 29.976 fps
Aspect Ratio: 16:9 (TV) 23 Bits/Pixel
Audio Info: 48000 Hz, 192.0 kbps, stereo
Video Format: Codec: DX50 Name: DivX 5.x/6.x

The Jesus Creed Seven Lessons On Loving God And Loving Others

What did Jesus teach about spiritual formation? In this 7-week study Scot McKnight explores how the Shema, the ancient Jewish proclamation of God's supremacy, was adapted by Jesus as a focal point for spiritual maturity. Discover how loving God with your whole heart and soul, and loving your neighbor as yourself can transform your faith. Includes leader's guide. 47 minutes. 


Publisher's Description

'The Jesus Creed is fresh, accessible, inviting, and compelling. And without cliches. Scot McKnight brings us into a conversation with Jesus in the places and conditions in which we live our ordinary lives.' ---Eugene H. Peterson What was spiritual formation like during the time of Jesus? As Scot McKnight points out, the early Christians didn't sing in the choir or go to weekly Bible studies, and yet they matured inwardly in relationship with God as well as outwardly in their relationships with each other. How did this happen? In /The Jesus Creed DVD/, explore with Scot how the great Shema of the Old Testament was transformed by our Lord into the focal point for spiritual maturity. According to the Jesus Creed (found in Mark 12:29-31), loving God and loving others are the greatest commandments. Scot uses biblical characters such as John the Baptist and Peter to explore themes important to every Christian: What are you living for? What has God called you to become? How is God calling you to compassion? What happens when disciples fail? This DVD provides a seven-week study with Scot that is excellent for any high school or adult spiritual formation process. Use it alongside /The Jesus Creed: Loving God, Loving Others/, for nurturing officers, teachers, senior citizens, men's fellowship groups, and any others who are looking for direction in their spiritual growth. /The Jesus Creed DVD/ plus study guide provide lessons on how to mature following the model that Jesus provided for his first disciples. Study Guide included. 
 
http://www.christianbook.com/the-jesus-creed/9781557256195/pd/256195?product_redirect=1&Ntt=256195&item_code=&Ntk=keywords&event=ESRCP