
Finale 2012c R13 Update Only
REDT | Nov 05 2012 | 133.3 MB


Finale 2012 – the world’s most powerful music notation software – lets you express your creativity and love of music. Compose, arrange, notate, and print engraver-quality sheet music.

Features
Getting Started
Getting started is easy. Whether you’re setting up your score, picking a music font, or watching a QuickStart Video, Finale guides you to perfection.

Entering Notes
Enter notes your way – from MIDI to your mouse, from scanning to Finale’s exclusive MicNotator®, no other software offers you more note entry options.

Adding Markings, Lyrics, and More
Finale automates and streamlines the process of entering lyrics, guitar tab, chords, and more.

Editing Tools
Finale makes it easy to perfect your score with handy editing tools like the Selection tool, Multiple page editing, ScoreManager™, and intuitive cut/copy/paste options.

Hearing Your Music
Finale includes world-class instrument libraries, support for external sound libraries, and several innovative tools to make sure your music sounds as good as it looks.

Sharing Your Music
In addition to printed pages and audio files, Finale helps you create electronic documents that anyone can edit, print, and save. No one offers more ways to collaborate and share your music.

Educator Tools
With exclusive features like SmartMusic® support, customizable music education worksheets, and the Exercise Wizard, Finale offers music educators more ways to save time.

Composing and Arranging Timesavers
Exclusive idea-generating features, essential tools like transposition and range checking, and timesavers like Linked Parts are all included.

Production and Sequencing Tools
Finale is able to open or save as a standard MIDI file to work in conjunction with the industry’s most in-demand production and sequencing programs. Video support and Finale’s built in mixer are just two of many tools inside of Finale that help you prepare your score for final production.

Finishing Touches
Finale is the industry standard because it offers ultimate control of the printed page.




Finale 2012c includes bug fixes for warnings when deleting Expressions, issues with the Setup Wizard on non-English language user accounts, and problems copying and pasting smart-lines.



System Requirements

Finale 2012 for Windows®

   XP/Vista/Windows 7 (64-bit compatible).
   DVD-ROM drive.
   800x600 minimum monitor resolution.
   Minimum 512MB RAM (1GB or more recommended).
   600MB hard drive space required for software and user manual. An additional 2GB hard drive space is required for all VST/AU sounds included with Finale 2012.


Optional

   MIDI interface
   MIDI input and/or playback device
   Printer
   Scanner
   Microphone required for use of MicNotator®
   A soundcard (including Standard Direct Sound, MME or ASIO drivers) is required for playing the Garritan and other VST sounds in Windows.
   Better processor and hard drive speed is required for simultaneous use of more VST/AU instruments.




INSTALLATION:

  •  Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract

  •  Run the Setup*

  •  copy the crack, find pattern c:program filesFinalle 2012 and replace the original.



           •  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!
