All are unabridged and from CD (except #1 which is from Cassette tapes).
All are 48 kbps / 44 kHz Mono CBR Fraunhofer MP3.
Most are read by Peter Hosking except the last, which is by Mike Bishop.
All were collected and ripped by peterg23.



The Inspector Challis crime series is set on the Mornington Peninsula near Melbourne, Australia.

#1. The Dragon Man [1999] 7 hours 20 mins
A serial killer is on the loose in a small coastal town near Melbourne, Australia. Detective Inspector Hal Challis and his team must apprehend him before he strikes again. But first Challis must contend with the editor of a local news-paper who undermines his investigation at every turn and with his wife, who is attempting to resurrect their marriage through long-distance phone calls from a sanitarium where she has been imprisoned for the past eight years for attempted murder. His! The media is demanding to know what Challis is doing about the killer; his colleagues are either giving trouble or in it; and his past keeps coming back to haunt him. Can Challis and his team nab the Peninsula Highway killer before anyone else gets hurt?

#2. Kittyhawk Down [2003] 7 hours 14 mins
An unidentified man is fished out of the sea near Melbourne with an anchor wrapped around his waist. And for Detective Inspector Hal Challis, this sparks the beginning of a mysterious series of deaths and strange events.As Challis investigates, an unstable farmer erupts into violence and is the target of a massive manhunt. Meanwhile, Challis's emotional life is edgy and, adding further complications to his life, some of his police colleagues have allowed their private and public responsibilities to blur in ways that could cause big trouble. Things are chaotic enough, but then Challis finds some aerial photographs in the possession of his friend, Kitty, that link her to the shotgun killings.

#3. Snapshot [2005] 9 hours 2 mins
It had taken months for Janine McQuarrie to succumb to her husband's pressure to have sex with strangers at suburban spouse-swapping parties. But after attending a few such events on the Mornington Peninsula, this Australian social psychologist rebels. And then, driving with her young daughter one day, she gets out of her car to ask directions from another driver, is killed. The little girl escapes when the gunman's pistol misfires. Inspector Hal Challis, to whose Crime Investigation Unit the case falls, is thwarted in his efforts by his boss. The dead woman was Superintendent McQuarrie's daughter-in-law. He seems to be more interested in protecting his son than in finding his daughter-in-law's murderer. Who might have a motive to kill this attractive young wife and mother? One of her clients? One of the swingers she'd gotten together with at a party? Or, the obvious suspect, her husband? The villain turns out to be someone Challis never would have expected....

#4. Chain of Evidence [2007] 10 hours 25 mins
Inspector Hal Challis has been summoned to Mawson's Bluff, his childhood home in the Australian Outback, where his father is dying. Sergeant Ellen Destry is left to head an investigation into a ring of pedophiles that has descended on the peaceful Mornington Peninsula, a resort community near Melbourne. A little girl has been abducted from the fairgrounds at the annual Waterloo Show; it takes her mother twenty-four hours to report her missing. By then, hope is slim that the police will find the child before it is too late. Challis' sister's difficult husband disappeared from the Bluff four years ago; since then Meg has received nuisance mail that she assumes comes from him. While Challis is in town, an extra buried body is discovered when a new grave is dug in the local graveyard. A black plastic bag containing the corpse of Meg's husband is found on top of a coffin that was interred four years earlier. With two very different crimes to solve, Challis and Destry have their work cut out for them....

#5. Blood Moon [2009] 9 hours 27 mins
When hordes of 18-year-old schoolies descend on the Mornington Peninsula near Melbourne to celebrate the last of their exams, the overstretched police of Waterloo expect reports of party drugs and underage drinkers. Maybe even drink-spiking and sexual assault. They don't count on a brutal bashing that attracts political attention. The victim is connected, and now Detective Inspector Hal Challis is facing interference from on high. Newly embarked on a relationship with his Sergeant, Ellen Destry, Challis doesn't really need the brass looking over his shoulder. Then a bludgeoned corpse is found outside town, and it's clear something much darker than adolescent craziness is going down....