Invasion! was a three issue comic book limited series and crossover event published in late 1988-early 1989 by DC Comics. It was plotted by Keith Giffen, and ties up a great many plotlines from various Giffen-created DC series, including Omega Men, Justice League International, and Legion of Super-Heroes. A trade paperback collection of the three issues was released on September 3, 2008. 

The series was scripted by Bill Mantlo; and was his first work for DC after a long career at Marvel Comics. Pencils were by Todd McFarlane, Bart Sears, and Giffen himself. Inks were by Joe Rubinstein, P. Craig Russell, Tom Christopher, Dick Giordano and Al Gordon. All three covers were pencilled by Bart Sears, including issue 1, contrary to DC's credits listing.

The emotionless, calculating Dominators have put together an Alliance to invade Earth and eliminate the threat posed by their unpredictable metahumans (secretly, the Dominators wish to harness this and breed their own army of metahumans, but this goal is kept secret from the rest of the Alliance, and from their own junior cadres.) After purging the galaxy of numerous potential threats to their plan (securing Darkseid's non-interference by assuring him that they would not destroy the planet and thwart his quest for the Anti-Life Equation; assassinating many former members of the disbanded Green Lantern Corps; and attacking the Omega Men) The Alliance launches a massive attack on Earth, overrunning Australia and establishing a base there. Meanwhile, The Spectre appeals to the Lords of Order to allow Earth's magic wielders to join in Earth's defense, only to be told that he must instead ensure their neutrality for fear of provoking the Lords of Chaos from intervening on behalf of the invaders, and escalating the conflict into a cataclysm that would mean the destruction of everyone involved. The Alliance tenders an offer to spare the human race provided that the world's governments surrender their metahumans.  However, the United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly rejects this offer. 

Superman leads a counter-attack against the main Alliance base, which is temporarily disrupted by the Daxamite observers, who become the equal of Superman and temporarily defeat him.  But, the Daxamites fall prey to Earth's atmosphere.  After Superman helps save them, they decide to withdraw from the Alliance and help defend Earth. To that end, a small fleet of primarily troop transports arrive and demand the invasion alliance withdraw from Earth. The Dominators decide to ignore them, unaware of the effect of a yellow sun environment on Daxamites, until the fleet deployed several thousand soldiers into space as a near invincible attack force. This, combined with key defeats in various theaters, and a full-scale and uncontrollable riot aboard the Alliance Gulag, leads to a quick collapse for the Alliance and individual surrenders by each former member. 

The coda to this, however, proved just as disruptive.  A young Dominator, aspiring to prominence among his people, managed to isolate the human gene that made a person able to survive otherwise lethal episodes and develop superhuman powers. On his own initiative, he developed and deployed the Gene Bomb, a device that bathed the Earth in a weird energy and affected every metahuman exposed in malignant ways, causing them to lose control of their powers and eventually fall into a coma and die. Since the point of the invasion was to harness these beings, not eradicate them, the Dominator was imprisoned by his own government, but prior to execution a group of heroes unaffected by the gene bomb (led by the Martian Manhunter) managed to steal data from his mind crucial to reversing the effects of the gene bomb and restore most metahumans back to health. Ironically, the detonation of the Gene Bomb was actually responsible for the creation of even more metahumans.

Invasion! was DC's big crossover event for 1988. It crossed over into 30 other DC comics and also featured guest appearances from other DC Universe staples such as Adam Strange, the planet Thanagar, and one-time Justice League of America sidekick Snapper Carr and his team, The Blasters.

Unusual for the time, the three main issues were published as perfect-bound comics, each the length of three usual comics, a throwback to the 80-page giants of the Silver Age.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and authors/artists/publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
