ChrisTV is a quality entry-level product of the ChrisTV suite. It is the perfect choice for enjoying live TV programs like concerts, football/soccer/tennis games or live shows on your PC through an analog TV card with WDM driver suport and you can enhance it with Add-On Packages. ChrisTV Lite comes as a freeware application for Windows and is NOT a spyware. This means it is FREE of any charge and you can use and distribute it freely, for non-commercial use.

Having a channels' database with 1800+ TV channels and 600+ radio stations from more than 100 countries, ChrisTV Online! provides you access to those channels and more than that a professional user friendly interface to watch and listen high quality video/audio content from the Internet. The channels database is updated on a daily basis, so you'll benefit of an increased number of updated channels' streams every time without any effort.

Easy to use, it has a multilanguage interface support for 25 languages. With ChrisTV Quick Configuration Panel you can configure fast this software. By perfoming a simple channel autoscan a list of channels is set and can be later exported as a ChrisTV Channel List file. Image Zoom functions are available, together with Image capturing functionality. Video aspect ratio settings let you change the image ration (4:3, 16:9). Even a slide show is possible using ChrisTV Lite, taking and sliding live snapshots of all available set TV channels. TV Teletext functions are also accessible through this product. Image quality can be improved significantly (for most dynamic live TV programs like football games) by use of the DScaler Deinterlace Filter. More than that you can fill and send automatically an error report in case you encounter any problems.

An outstanding feature of ChrisTV Online!, which you will not find in a similar software product, is the frame display mode which lets you watch video played content in a custom or predefined size frame window. This frame video window can be dragged in any place of your desktop and in combination with 'Always on Top' feature is giving you the option to work on your computer and watch your favorite show in one corner of the screen.

ChrisTV interface offers you fast and easy access to all channels available in our database through the Channels List panel, where you can Group channels by Country, Type, Category, Language, Station Name. To gain fast access to your favorite TV channel or Radio station, you can add them to ChrisTV Online! Favorites List, which provides the same grouping feature as with the Channels List.