BBC - We Who Wait - TV Smith & the Adverts

 
http://nimga.com/f/evjxp.jpg


We Who Wait tells the story of punk band the Adverts and the continuing music career of their former 
frontman TV Smith, one of the most talented, literate and passionate - yet curiously overlooked - 
songwriters to emerge from London's vibrant '77 new wave scene.

Smith formed the Adverts in late '76 with his girlfriend Gaye and press criticism of the band's 
alleged musical ineptitude was answered by a defiant and iconic debut single, One Chord Wonders. 
A couple of months later, they secured their first chart hit with the macabre punk classic, Gary 
Gilmore's Eyes. Gaye's status as reluctant punk icon ensured the band received a lot of press 
attention and a promising future beckoned. However, after a well-received but underperforming 
debut LP and a critically-reviled follow-up, the Adverts suffered an acrimonious collapse.

Pushed to the margins of the music industry by shifting musical trends and a stubborn refusal to 
compromise, Smith nonetheless continued a dogged struggle to make a living as a singer and songwriter 
in the face of critical hostility and industry indifference. After years of bad luck, personal loss 
and failed bands, Smith's persistence is finally paying dividends. He has carved out a career as a 
solo artist and troubadour and painstakingly built a new audience through constant touring. To this 
day, he remains a fiercely inventive songwriter and an electrifying live performer - an enduring 
embodiment of punk's DIY ethos, passion and power.

The film is a testament to one of UK music's great outsiders, featuring a wealth of stills and 
archive footage and contributions from former band members, collaborators, critics and friends 
including Smith and Gaye Advert, Brian James, Richard Strange, John Robb, Greil Marcus, Miles, 
Henry Rollins, Ian MacKaye and many others.


59mn 54s | 592 MiB | 720x400 | 1382 Kbps | 25.000 fps | AAC | 208 Kbps Vbr | 2 ch | QF 0.168
 
http://torrent-stats.info/4ef1/91f53014.png