Where's My Water? v1.4.1 (Fully Unlocked)
Requirements: Android version 2.1 and higher
Overview: Swampy the Alligator lives under the city and yearns for a more human-like existence. He is especially fond of cleanliness. Cranky and the other gators do not take kindly to Swampy’s eccentricities and have conspired to sabotage Swampy’s water supply. Help Swampy by guiding water to his shower to fill up his tub! 

 Where’s My Water? is a challenging physics-based puzzler complete with Retina display graphics, Multi-Touch controls, and a sensational soundtrack. To be successful, you need to be clever and keep an eye out for algae, toxic ooze, triggers, and traps. 

• NOW WITH OVER 140 CHALLENGING PUZZLES! 
The fun is just beginning. Swampy’s pipes are broken and it is up to you to get the water flowing again through 7 themed chapters, each with 20 challenging levels. Keep playing! New levels are added regularly! 

• MEET SWAMPY! 
The story of Swampy unfolds as you play. Swampy’s cute, he’s funny, he just wants to take a shower with his beloved rubber ducky. You will also meet Cranky the mean old gator and Allie, Cranky’s girlfriend (for now…). Richly-detailed graphics and animation bring Swampy and his subterranean world to life. 

• AMAZING LIFE-LIKE WATER PHYSICS 
Go with the flow! From the designer of JellyCar’s squishy world comes flawlessly fluid physics. Swipe, slosh, and splash to guide water through increasingly challenging scenarios. 

• COLLECTIBLES AND BONUS LEVELS 
Collect Swampy’s shower items to unlock bonus levels. Collect all the rubber duckies and tap around for even more surprises! 

Every drop counts in Where’s My Water? — A refreshing new puzzler filled with good clean gaming fun!

Also, look for the new free version of Where’s My Water with exclusive levels not found in the full game. 

What's New in version 1.3.5
• THANK YOU FOR PLAYING — UPDATE NOW AND ENJOY 20 FREE NEW LEVELS!
Introducing 'Caution to the Wind' — the newest chapter in Swampy’s Story, and the latest way to play Where’s My Water. Featuring FANS, blow water left, right, up, down and diagonally to solve puzzles! Some are helpful and some will blow you away. Fans for our fans. Enjoy!
Have you “Tri-Ducked” the game yet and completed all the bonus levels? Let us know at


NOTE
Installing This one will overwrite your saved game with everything 100% done.


