Creedence Clearwater Revival - Have You Ever Seen the Rain [alt. promo].VOB


HQ rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Have You Ever Seen the Rain?" is a song written by John Fogerty and released in 1970 on the album Pendulum by roots rock group Creedence Clearwater Revival. The song charted highest in Canada, reaching number one on the RPM 100 national album chart in March 1971. In the US, it peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in the same year. On Cash Box pop chart, it peaked at number three. Billboard co-listed the b-side "Hey Tonight". In the UK, it reached number 36. It was the group's eighth gold-selling single. 

Creedence Clearwater Revival (sometimes shortened to Creedence or CCR) was an American rock band that gained popularity in the late 1960s and early 1970s with a number of successful singles drawn from various albums. 

The band consisted of lead vocalist, lead guitarist, and primary songwriter John Fogerty, his brother and rhythm guitarist Tom Fogerty, bassist Stu Cook, and drummer Doug Clifford. Their musical style encompassed country rock and swamp rock genres. Despite their San Francisco Bay Area origins, they positioned themselves as Southern rock stylists, singing about bayous, the Mississippi River, catfish, and other popular elements of Southern iconography. 

Creedence Clearwater Revival's music is still a staple of American and worldwide radio airplay and often figures in various media. The band has sold 26 million albums in the United States alone. Creedence Clearwater Revival was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993. They were ranked at 82 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 greatest artists of all time. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Have_You_Ever_Seen_the_Rain%3F 
      
http://bayimg.com/PAhFoaaEm 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9608kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 192kbps
   Duration: 00:02:43




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.5


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	