     Shyama Sangeet (Bengali: αª╢αºìαª»αª╛αª«αª╛ αª╕αªÖαºìαªùαºÇαªñ ) is a genre of Bengali devotional songs dedicated to the Hindu goddess Shyama or Kali. It is also known as Shaktagiti. [1]
Shyama Sangeet appeals to the common man because it is a musical representation of the relationship of eternal and sublime love and care between the mother and her child. It is free of the common rituals of worship and also the esoteric practice of the Tantra.
  
     During the 12th-13th centuries when Shaktism grew in Bengal, it inspired a number of poets to compose poems on Kali. Mukundar─üma, known as Kavikaβ╣àkaβ╣ç or 'gem of poets,' wrote his chief poem, the epic Chaβ╣çβ╕ì─½, in 1589. Towards the middle of the 18th century, the poet Ramprasad Sen instilled new life into it and turned it into a distinct genre of Bengali songs.
Ramprasad was succeeded by number of composers like Kamlakanta Bhattacharya (1772-1821), Rasikchandra Ray (1820-1893), Ramchandra Datta (1861-1899), and Nilakantha Mukhopadhyaya. In modern times both Rabindranath Tagore and Kazi Nazrul Islam have composed poems of Shyama Sangeet genre.
The term 'Shyama' refers to the skin color of Kali (usually depicted in black or deep blue.) Literally, it means dusky (or wheatish.

    Shyama Sangeet conceptualizes Goddess Kali as a loving human mother and the singer is longing for The MotherΓÇÖs love. The songs have become popular not only for its devotional side, but also for its human appeal.
The theme and occasion of ─Çg─üman─½ and Vijay─ü songs are as follows. Um─ü or Gaur─½, daughter of Him─ülaya and Menak─ü, was married to ┼Üiva, the Lord of Kail─üsa. The Goddess Durga comes to see her parents from her in laws every year. The goddess is portrayed here as an ordinary girl living far away from her mother and feels joyous to come back home after a long stay at her in lawsΓÇÖ place. These songs too are highly popular because of their human appeal and as they are easily identifiable with any married girl living far away from their parents.
What Edward Thompson wrote in 1923 is true even today.