Note: If you don't like MS Word give Pages a try...

Official Web Site:  http://www.apple.com/iwork/pages/

Easy from the start

Your instant design studio.

Even before you start writing, your document looks great. With over 180 Apple-designed templates to choose from, a professionally polished resume, brochure, school report, or invitation is waiting for you to make it your own. Use the Template Chooser to quickly skim, preview, and resize each thumbnail.

Streamlined word processing

Every word counts.

Creating great-looking documents is simple with Pages. At the top of the page, the contextual format bar lets you do the basics — formatting text and adjusting images — with just one click. View and choose fonts with the “what you see is what you get” (WYSIWYG) font menu. 

Advanced writing tools

There’s more to the story.

Any word processor can help you type. Pages gives you all the tools you need to write and to perfect your writing. Now you can view your document full screen. With one click, clutter disappears so you can focus on what you’re writing and make changes without distractions. Organize your ideas in Outline mode. 

Do-it-yourself design.

Create your own design from a blank canvas — Pages makes page layout easy. Choose fonts and add images, graphics, tables, and 3D charts. Powerful graphics tools let you resize and rotate photos, apply reflections and shadows, add picture frames, and remove backgrounds from images with a simple point and click.

Compatibility and sharing

It’s an easy read. In any format.

Pages makes it simple to share your documents with colleagues and friends. You can open Microsoft Word files in Pages and save your Pages documents as Word files. With powerful graphics and formatting tools, it’s easy to make Word documents look great in Pages. 
Share your work on the web.

What's New:

This update adds support for Mac OS X Lion and takes advantage of the following features:

* Full Screen

* Resume

* Auto Save

* Versions

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6.6 or greater

--- PLEASE SEED ---