Uploaded by Begatim Berisha

Plot:
This episode opens in the port city of Nepolis, where Spartacus, Agron, and Lucius posing as a rich Roman are interested in buying a new shipment of slaves. All these slave hail from the Germanic tribes of the north. Upon Agron words in their own tongue the slaves attack and are set free. The Rebel army swells with Agron's distant kin. This alarms Crixus and Lucius to the fact that these new recruits will not follow Spartacus' orders. Meanwhile in Capua, Glabber enlists the former mercenary band that belonged to young Seppius, and the pledge the Sacramentum to Glabber and to Rome. Ashur believes Lucretia is beginning to have feelings for him, and he presents her with a red wig like she used to wear as a symbol of her belonging to him. Ganniucus prompted by Ashur goes to the villa for a audience with Glabber, where he offers Gannicus the chance to be a beacon of hope, the front man to his army, Glabber also returns Gannicus' rudis. Ilithyia growing ever more in despair that Glabber will never forgive her, wishes she were dead, Lucretia however comes up with a plan for Ilithyia to get free of Glabber's hate and revenge and go home to Rome. Lucretia cutting her own wrist, smears in blood all over Ilithyia thighs and gown, and purposes that Ilithyia must be free of the curse of Capua so that Glabber's heir will be born healthy. After a failed attempt to bond with the new recruits on a hunt, which turns into highway robbery as the new recruits accost a wagon on the road, Spartacus, Crixus, and Lucius wonder if Agron loyalty lay with his kinsmen. A great feast turns into a bloody battle and Seddulus the biggest of all the new recruits tries to rape Naevia, Naevia stabs him and calls for help. Agron jumps on his kinsman and fights, when Crixus sees that this was about Naevia he also attacks, Agron proving his loyalty stands with Crixus. Spartacus asserting his authority as leader, fights Seddulus and kills him. Agron's tribesmen swear allegiance to Spartacus. Lucretia and Ganncius meet in the market, where Ganncius mourns for his little friend from the brothel who is now crucified for even whispering about Spartacus fight for freedom for all. Lucretia tempts Gannicus with a plan to kill Glabber and end this conflict. Ilithyia is packed off to Rome, but not before Lucretia reveals the plan to her. Ilithyia kisses Glabber goodbye. No more then a few hours in her absence is Glabber is bed with young Seppia, where unfortunate news reaches him Ilithyia's wagon is viciously attacked on the road to Rome. All that is in the wagon is one of Ashur's henchman with Gannicus' rudis sticking out of his neck. Glabber has his answer from Gannicus. 