Internet Download Manager has a smart download logic accelerator that features intelligent dynamic file segmentation and safe multipart downloading technology to accelerate your downloads. Unlike other download accelerators and managers that segment files before downloading starts, Internet Download Manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download process. Internet Download Manager reuses available connections without additional connect and login stages to achieve better acceleration performance.

Main Features:
??? Internet Download Manager supports all popular browsers including IE, AOL, MSN, Opera, Firefox, Avant Browser, and it can be integrated into any Internet application to take over downloads using unique ???Advanced Browser Integration??? feature.
??? Dynamic Segmentation and Performance.
??? Easy downloading with one click. When you click on a download link in a browser, IDM will take over the download and accelerate it. IDM supports HTTP, FTP, HTTPS and MMS protocols.
??? Download Speed Acceleration. IDM can accelerate downloads by up to 5 times due to its intelligent dynamic file segmentation technology.
??? Download Resume. IDM will resume unfinished download from the place where they left off.
??? YouTube grabber. IDM can grab FLV videos from popular sites like YouTube, MySpaceTV, and Google Video.
??? Drag and Drop. You may simply drag and drop links to IDM, and drag and drop downloaded files out of Internet Download Manager.
??? Automatic Antivirus checking. Antivirus checking makes your downloads free from viruses and trojans.
??? Advanced Browser Integration. When enabled, the feature can be used to catch any download from any application.
??? Built-in Scheduler. IDM can connect to the Internet at a set time, download the files you want, disconnect, or shut down your computer when it???s done.
??? IDM includes web site spider and grabber. IDM downloads all required files that are specified with filters from web sites, for example all pictures from a web site, or subsets of web sites, or complete web sites for offline browsing. It???s possible to schedule multiple grabber projects to run them once at a specified time, stop them at a specified time, or run periodically to synchronize changes.
??? IDM supports many types of proxy servers. For example, IDM works with Microsoft ISA, and FTP proxy servers.
??? IDM supports main authentication protocols: Basic, Negotiate, NTLM, and Keberos. Thus IDM can access many Internet and proxy servers using login name and password.
??? Download All feature. IDM can add all downloads linked to the current page. It???s easy to download multiple files with this feature.
??? Download Categories. IDM can be used to organize downloads automatically using defined download categories.
??? Download limits. Progressive downloading with quotas feature. The feature is useful for connections that use some kind of fair access policy (or FAP) like Direcway, Direct PC, Hughes, etc.
??? IDM is multilingual.

Install notes:

1.Unpack
2.Run exe. file