nERv

Tropico 4: Modern Times (c) Kalypso Media

03/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Serial
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy

The times are changing and the island nation of Tropico is evolving. The
Internet, a New World Order, terrorists, global financial markets and space
exploration are on the rise and pose new challenges to El Presidente and his
regime in Tropico 4: Modern Times.

Old buildings and structures are becoming obsolete and need to be upgraded or
even replaced by their modern counterparts. Cars and transportation need
modernization to meet the needs of a changing economy and now El Presidente
can even send people to the International Space Station El Presidente and
his ministers must now join the war against terror and control Internet
regulation and freedom of speech on Tropico.

Keay Features:

-Make Tropico fit for the 21st century: Evolve the island from the Cold War
era to modern times and even into the future

-30 new buildings become available as time progresses, including condos,
skyscrapers, organic ranches and biofarms. Replace obsolete buildings with
these modern and inspiring designs.

-Upgrade old buildings to new variants  modernized apartment buildings,
banks, museums and much more

-10 new edicts allow even more control over your citizens lives. Block or
limit citizens Internet use, create a police state or be a good guy and
launch the Festival of Love edict.

-New single player campaign comprised of 12 comprehensive scenario missions
Protect Tropico from unseen and sinister forces.

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount the image
3. Install the game using XXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX-XXXXX
You need to have retail (or FLT) version of the game installed already
Steam version will not work
4. Play the game and block the game in your firewall
5. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT


False-Positive:

  
http://i.imgur.com/Kmv4j.png


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/f7qwK.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/hBv0Y.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/7R3Vy.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/lGzao.jpg


ENJOY!