Cute girl w/HUGE natural tits, bound in the splits, stuck to a SYBIAN, cumming while throat fucked! | Bella Rossi | Matt Williams

December 31, 2012 
 
  
MP4 only
   
 
Bella Rossi is back on the pages of Sexually Broken. This is only the second company Bella has ever worked for. Today we test Bella's flexibility and endurance.

Bound in one of the most demanding double binds, or as some would call it, predicament bondage, Bella will soon understand how it is possible to die from orgasms. Now, of course we do not let her get anywhere close to that happening, that would be foolish and of course, insane. However, Bella grasps the dynamic at work and now truly believes it is possible.

Bela is bound with her legs almost in the full splits. The world's most powerful vibrator is bolted to the ground and Bella is impaled on its dildo, unable to move forward. The vibrator is pressing directly on Bella's pussy and there is nothing she can do to move off of it. Bella's HUGE natural breasts are tightly bound to her arms. Her wrists are bound to rings in the floor and Bella is being arched back from a neck rope. 

Bella must keep her arms straight, holding all her weight up from her arm muscles, for if she falters, she will choke. The back is painfully ached. If Bella wants to relieve her aching back she must put tremendous pressure on her throat, in reality cutting off her ability to breathe. However, at the same time Bella's arms are getting tired from holding up her frame. She weakens, and as she does the neck rope gets tighter; and with no air she weakens further!

If this was all that was going on Bella could last hours, switching up, transferring her weight so her arms and back can get relief at the expense of air. It is a balancing act that could go on for some time, if that was all that was happening, but alas, it is not.

The Sybian is turned on full blast and soon Bella is cumming. This weakens her drastically, orgasms tend to do that. Her arms are getting weak, her back screams at her for relief and all Bella can do is cum again. Her brain knows she has to stop cumming, but her body is too turned on in the predicament. Each orgasm takes away arm strength and Bella slowly looses the ability to take full breaths. As she finds it hard to breathe, as she feels her self being choked out, her body cums harder. It is a vicious circle and Bella is trapped in the middle of it with no hope of escape.

Well if that was enough lets skull fuck Bella's sexy little mouth and bury our cock all the way down Bella's deep throat. Now Bella really can't breathe. We play Bella's throat like a musical instrument. Fucking it deep and hard, giving her just enough air to continue cumming, and that weakens her further yet. Bella cannot hold her self up anymore, she is cumming and passing out. We aren't going to let her get off that easy, this girl has more cock to suck. 

We hold Bella up for a second and she quickly regains some strength, then we do it all over again. Bella is a mess, drool just falling out of her mouth hole, her eyes staring off into the distance, not seeing anything because she is deep in orgasm hell. We add some hard foot caning and always the SYBIAN making her cum over and over. In the end we add a very tight ball gag and watch as Bella comes as close as we would let someone orgasm themselves into the darkness. 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_31bella3/SexuallyBroken-Bella-Rossi-Matt-Williams-Cute-girl-w-HUGE-natural-tits-bound-in-the-splits-stuck-to-a-SYBIAN-cumming-while-throat-fucked.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

