A tv-series partly based on the so-called "Protocols of the elders of Zion". 


The drama of the Apocalypse
November 13, 2002
Mobilizing the Egyptian series of Israeli diplomacy and American 
Arabic drama ever - that Ramadan is over has not received as much publicity as that seems to come from the scandal and programmed by the Arab channels currently in Egypt and the Middle East.
Before you even get on the small screen, Fares bilateral jawad (Knight Without a Horse) has been unprecedented warnings from Israel and the United States. Even President Bush, who has other concerns than to get excited about an Egyptian soap opera, but found time to worry about programming this series Arabic. More formally, the United States, speaking through a spokesman of the State Department, Lynn Cassel, "expressed (their) deep concern about the program" Horseman Without a Horse "to Egyptian officials, whether Washington and Cairo. " Why the sudden interest in Arab production which, after all, does not disfigure its previous, and especially how - without seeing the offending program - can we say, as do Israelis and Americans, or that vehicle is " promoting hatred, "as argued by Ms. Cassel? Thus, the bench and the rear bench Jewish organizations around the world are mobilized to prevent the escape of a historical series with absolutely nothing, so far, does not justify such an outcry and warnings which do show Israel and the United States.
In fact, it has initiated the Israeli propaganda machine, and Jewish organizations, is the fact that producers do not have hidden inspired the famous document known as the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion" written the late nineteenth century and attributed to prepare Jewish world domination, that they consider to be a fake. Do not enter these historical speculations and remain at more down to earth a television production whose sole ambition is to picture the struggle against the British occupation and the Zionist movement which prepared the advent of the Israel.
The history of the Arab side view, showing the creation of the Jewish state on the ruins of historic Palestine! What could be more natural? But the Israeli authorities, followed by that in Washington, quickly thus distort the meaning claiming, in passing, to prohibit the dissemination in the Arab world. The fact that Israel and the United States, notwithstanding the content of the series in question, massively intervened several weeks programming Knight Without a Horse to request the withdrawal form is ambiguous course, this control Israel wants to impose its Arab environment. Since its creation in 1948, Israel has tirelessly real inquisition against the Arabs, especially in terms of their military capabilities. That Israel acquires nuclear weapons prohibited, it is normal that it is the Arabs who are trying to do and it becomes a war crime. The Israelis, political leaders and parties, incite hatred by treating the Arabs of all bird names imaginable (a religious leader went to the Arabs treat venomous snakes should be eliminated) without there is concern that the United States because it is in the order of things.
To return to the series, how, when they have not seen, Israelis and Americans as they can carry value judgments about a work which, for now, against her fears are unfounded? In fact, the Egyptian authorities that support the private channel Dream TV, producer of the series, have repeatedly declared that the series in question had no anti-Semitic, as indicated by the Egyptian Minister of Information Safwat Sherif who said: "Our policy is to refuse media that dramatic, documentary or program includes allusions detrimental to religious values" outdoing the head of the Egyptian Ahmed Maher, for its part, that "the hype around this series is exaggerated and unjustified" saying: "Those whose voices have not seen the series." Egyptian Minister of Foreign Affairs said: "We will not do for these attempts prejudice to Egyptian-US relations based on the principle of non-interference and equality. "It is precisely interference that engages supported Israel wants to give the right to control the mind works carried out by Arabs. In our case, Israel's claim to prohibit any version of the creation of the Jewish state out of its own and that is not stamped "Made in Israel". Thus, Israel has banned the international community to know what happened in Jenin where a crime against humanity was committed by the Israeli occupation army against Palestinians, wants even prevent the world from have a different perspective on the creation of the Jewish state and the Zionist crimes that have accompanied.
Obviously, this has nothing to do with anti-Semitism wielded by the Israelis and the Americans, because the soap remains in the Egyptian part of the narration of historical fact and reading that do Arabs. This, however, is clear is that Israel wants to dominate, if not the world, at least its Arab environment.

