Bella Rossi and her HUGE natural tits, suffer Category 5 suspension, and brutal face fucking | Bella Rossi | Matt Williams

December 7, 2012 
 
  
MP4 only.

 
Bella Rossi and her amazing monster breasts are back on Sexually Broken. Bella is beautiful, tough and the type of girl who gets wet at just the thought of being bound, dominated and fucked. If you're a fan of All Natural Girls, Bella is exactly what you're looking for.

Right off the bat you'll notice that Bella has a huge mouth! We put that mouth to good use. First she's made to lock her own jaw wide open with largest ring gag we have. Then she's told to put on the Japanese tongue trap, and like a good little bondage slut, she obeys, trapping her tongue outside her mouth. 

The drool starts to come now, dripping down her killer body. Handcuffs click on her wrists from behind and now Bella is helpless. 

We start with a nice and slow throat fucking that builds in intensity. The ring gag holds her purty mouth open, the trap prevents her from using her tongue as a block. The cock can slide all the way down her throat at will, and does. Bella takes a skull fucking like no other. We go to town, she breaths when we let her, we fuck her face deep and hard.

Covered in drool and dizzy from the extreem deep throat cock sucking, we make Bella strip for us while still bound. We come in with rope and tightly bind bells elbows and wrists. Next we take those huge boobs, and bind them with cruel intent, one of the tightest breast wraps we have ever done. Punishingly tight, Bella suffers, this is the tightest she has ever had her tits bound. We pull down her panties, her pussy is soaking wet. The vibrator is set on high and we make Bella cum while standing right there! She cums again and we know we own her sexually.

Those huge tits! We just want to punish them, we bind her ankles and pull them to the point. Now Bella finds herself in a brutal Category 5 suspension with her tits taking most of the weight. All she can do is hang there, looking at her huge boobs, bound, distorted and helpless. It really tough being so fucking sexy it seems... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/12_07bella/SexuallyBroken-Bella-Rossi-Matt-Williams-Bella-Rossi-and-her-HUGE-natural-tits-suffer-Category-5-suspension-brutal-face-fucking.php

9000 uploads and counting, 10k here we come :) And as usual, if you still like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)  
  
Cheers  :-)  

