Silence of the Lambs (1991) FULL DVD9 (ISO) Criterion Collection

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player, mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD. You can even unzip it with WinZip or WinRAR to unpack it to the original VOBs.

This rip is a (DVD-9)

- What I mean by (DVD-9) this ISO is a 1:1 rip and is not compressed in any way if you are burning this you may need a double layer disc.
- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc, the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.

THIS DISC IS OUT OF PRINT

1991
118 minutes
Color
1.85:1
Spoken Language: English
Subtitles: None

Director: 
Jonathan Demme

Cast: 
Anthony Hopkins, Jodie Foster, Scott Glenn, Ted Levine, Anthony Heald, Brooke Smith, Diane Baker, Kasi Lemmons

Disc Features:
* Commentary by Jonathan Demme, stars Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins, screenwriter Ted Tally, and FBI agent John Douglas
* Seven deleted scenes
* Film-to-storyboard comparison
* Storyboards
* FBI crime classification manual
* Voices of Death: word-for-word statements of convicted serial killers

Awards:
AFI
Top 100 Thrills
Top 100 Movies 

Academy Award
Best Picture
Best Actress: Jodie Foster 
Best Writing Adapted Screenplay 
Best Director: Jonathan Demme 
Best Actor: Anthony Hopkins 
Best Sound nominee 
Best Film Editing nominee 

BAFTA
Best Actor: Anthony Hopkins 
Best Actress: Jodie Foster 
Best Direction nominee: Jonathan Demme 
Best Film nominee 

Golden Globe Awards
Best Actress in a Motion Picture (Drama) 
Best Motion Picture (Drama) nominee 
Best Director (Motion Picture) nominee 
Best Actor in a Motion Picture (Drama) nominee 


SYNOPSIS:  
From Thomas Harris’s novel, director Jonathan Demme explodes and reconstructs a classic genre, laying a foundation of emotional and political commitment beneath a perfectly constructed psychological thriller. Fourteen years after her controversial role in Taxi Driver, Jodie Foster finally makes the transformation from helpless victim to rescuing hero in this dark, gender-bending fairy tale of an American obsession: serial murder. As Hannibal “the Cannibal” Lecter, Anthony Hopkins is the archetypal antihero—cultured, quick-witted, uncontainable—a portrait of all the sharpest human faculties gone diabolically wrong. Winner of five Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Screenplay Adaptation for Ted Tally.

Stuff I want as full disc either DVD5 or DVD9:
Harold and Maude (1971) from Criterion Collection
Do the Right Thing – Disc 1 (1989) from Criterion Collection
Straw Dogs - Disc 1(1971) from Criterion Collection