POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spirit

Chuck Missler

Volume 12
The Books of Peter

POtHS - Chuck Missler - Ephesians - 8 Sessions & Mp3


Description:

POtHS - Chuck Missler - The Books of Peter

Description

The Books of Peter

As a member of the Inner Circle Peter was present at the Transfiguration, the raising of Jairus' daughter, and the closer circle at Gethsemane. This most vibrant personality's letters are rich in theology as well as practical exhortation, dealing with our living hope, suffering persecution for righteousness' sake, the use of heavenly gifts, patience in suffering, fidelity in service, and humility in ministering to one another.

Peter's letters also have a clear eschatonogical orientation, focusing on the Lord's coming and the end of the world, with warnings against false teachers-foreseeing the apostasy in which the professing church will end.

Written by one of the most colorful personalities who participated in the greatest adventures of human history, a careful study of these letters is a certain treat to the diligent student.

This study contains 8 hours of verse by verse teachings

Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long.

This is in memory of my Mom who passed at 11:44 pm PST ON 1-25-2011. Now she knows.


JESUS: Believe this about Jesus to move on to Greener Pastures.

Born of a Virgin, He was killed for our transgressions, His blood was shed as a sacrifice to atone for my sins. He was buried and ROSE three days later, according to The Scriptures. Praise the Lord for HE HAS RISEN. I am now forgiven for my sins, past, present and future and can live on with the Lord in Eternity, forever.


Seed long and Prosper with Blessings from our Father. I have prayed to The Father, Bless all that Seed Long. (I have 4 year old active seeds out there, must be working for some folks!)

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.

                                             

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  

 
