Video Capture Features

Capture video directly to your hard drive
Record video in many video file formats including avi, wmv, flv, mpg, 3gp, mp4, mov and more
Capture video from a webcam, network IP camera or a video input device (e.g., VHS recorder)
Screen capture software records the entire screen, a single window or any selected portion
Digital zoom with the mouse scroll wheel, and drag to scroll the recording window
Zoom-to-mouse feature focuses the recording window on the cursor
Mouse highlighting spotlights the location of the cursor
Record video alone or video and audio simultaneously
Record audio from your microphone and speakers simultaneously, ideal for recording video conferences
Time lapse video recording
Create photo snapshots of a video at any time
Add your own text captions or time stamp your video
Change color settings and video effects before recording
Adjust the video resolution, size and frame rate for capture
Ability to burn directly to DVD with Express Burn Disc Burner
Works with BroadCam Video Broadcast Software to stream over the internet



Add Captions to your Captured Videos

Debut lets you add captions to your video recordings.	


Flexible Video Output Settings

Choose the size and frame rate used to capture your video. Debut also lets you create either 4:3 or 16:9 videos. This flexibility makes Debut perfect for people creating videos for many different outputs (e.g., YouTube, CD or television).



Handy Video Color Adjustments

When you adjust the color settings and effects of your streaming video the results can be seen instantly in the main window and captured when you hit record. Adjusting the brightness, contrast and gamma is perfect for lesser quality cameras whose image quality is not quite right.

	
See for Yourself Download Debut Video Capture Software:
Download Debut
Video Capture Software
Video Capture Features
System Requirements
Screenshots
Video Recording Screenshots
Pricing & Purchase
Questions (FAQs)
Technical Support
Related Video Software
DVD Burning Software
DVD Label Software
Image Converter
Slideshow Creator
AVI Converter
Webcam Software
More Video Software...
Related Hardware
USB Video Capture
System Requirements

Windows XP/Vista & Windows 7

My review - Works like a dream. I tried all them other cracked version, all bs. None of them got past the timed version. Its portable, throw it on a usb take it with ya. Its 100% clean, no questions about it. In fact my George of the Jungle 2 rip was done with this.