#we.are.some.of.the.leaders.on.the.motherpla.net

Date: 	12-18-12
Host: 	George Noory
Guests: 	John Rhodes, Walter Parazaider, R. Gary Patterson

UFO researcher known as the "Crypto Hunter," John Rhodes, discussed reptilian humanoids along with such topics as enhanced perception, the Mayan calendar, and Earth changes. Recently relocated to central California from Montana, he characterized Reptilians or reptoids as beings that evolved on Earth and reached sentient intelligence, but split off from our civilization, and now, perhaps, are preparing to return, possibly from underground or cavern dwellings (Rhodes has entertained theories about the Hollow Earth). Accounts typically describe Reptilian humanoids as 6.5 ΓÇô 8 ft. tall, highly muscular, with three-toed feet, and hands with three fingers and a thumb. Some have long fingernails that are sharpened like a blade, he continued.

The Reptoids generally have almond-shaped eyes, cranial ridges on their head, and sometimes communicate with clicks and grunts; some have been seen wearing chest plates, and belts with one or two devices on them, he said. Interestingly, Rhodes noted the similarity between Bigfoot and Reptoids, which have the same type of large body-- though one is a hairy hominid, the other covered in scales. He believes the word extraterrestrial to describe alien-type creatures may be inaccurate, as many of these beings and their craft could have originated from Earth. Instead, Rhodes suggested using the term "non-human beings" to describe these mysterious entities.

A specific type of Reptoid is the 'Draco,' said to have horns, and large wings draped over their backs, he noted. This fits the description of a creature like the Mothman, known to appear in an area about to have mass deaths, he added. Rhodes also spoke about his discovery of a method to see auras around people, and how secret underground government facilities have been constructed as a way for the elite to survive catastrophic Earth changes. Regarding the approaching end date of the Mayan calendar, he sees this as more of a 'bell curve,' rather than a specific date when a cataclysm occurs.
Chicago & Rock Music

First hour guest, Walter Parazaider, founding member and saxophone player for the rock group Chicago, talked about the band's long-running success, the heyday of the rock scene, and various music personalities such as Jimi Hendrix. Inspired by the Beatles, he got the idea of creating a rock band with horns. One of Chicago's most memorable gigs was playing before an audience of one million at the US Bicentennial in 1976, he recalled. Author and music expert R. Gary Patterson joined the latter half of the conversation.

News segment guests: Ty Bollinger, John Hogue
Website(s):

    reptoids.com
    chicagotheband.com
    rgarypatterson.com

Book(s):

    Take a Walk on the Dark Side: Rock and Roll Myths, Legends, and Curses

