Mr. Fox - Mr. Fox  & The Gipsy (1970-71) [FLAC]

Genre: UK, Folk Rock

Tracklist:

1. Join Us In Our Game
2. The Hanged Man
3. The Gay Goshawk
4. Rip Van Winkle
5. Mr. Trill's Song
6. Little Woman
7. Salisbury Plain
8. The Ballad Of Neddy D*ck
9. Leaving The Dales
10. Mr. Fox
11. The Gypsy
12. Aunt Lucy Broadwood
13. House Carpenter
14. Elvira Madigan
15. Dancing Song
16. All The Good Times 

Band:
ALUN EDEN drms
BARRY LYONS bs, dulcimer
ANDREW MASSEY cello
JOHN MYATT woodwind
BOB PEGG vcls, gtr, bs, keyb'ds
CAROLANNE PEGG vcls, fiddle


An electric folk outfit from Leeds whose albums are now difficult to find and quite sought-after. Ashley Hutchings also wrote two of the songs on their first album and was clearly heavily involved in the band without actually playing in it. Their songs were often about Yorkshire nostalgia; closing lead mines etc. Most of the material was written by Bob Pegg, though, and a good standard is maintained throughout with Salisbury Plain, Carolanne's Supernatural Gay Goshawk and The Hanged Man, a gory tale of a hitch-hiker who slips to his death, particularly outstanding.
Massey and Myatt left after the first album reducing the group to a four-piece prior to The Gypsy. The title track, written and sung by Bob Pegg is a good traditional number with melodeon, electric fiddle, sopranino recorder and percussion. Still, it's outshone by Mendle, a long, slow and melodic song with floating organ backing and rather psychedelic electric guitar work, written and sung by Carolanne Pegg. After this album Eden and Lyons departed to join Trees in 1972 being replaced by Bull and Strutt. Then Carolanne Pegg left, leaving Bob Pegg, Bull and Strutt to soldier on - though not for long!
Carolanne Pegg has made a solo album as well as others with her ex-husband Bob Pegg, who himself made three albums with Nick Strutt.
Richie Ball was later in The Kursaal Flyers.
The two Mr. Fox albums are masterpieces of contemporary folk music.
