Year: 2012
Description: Collection of keys for the popular anti-virus programs: ESET NOD32, Kaspersky, Avast, Dr.Web, Avira!

Installation instructions:

ESET NOD32
1. Open the main window of ESET NOD32
2. In the left pane, select the "Updates" -> "Activating"
3. Then select the "Activate by using the user name and password"
4. Enter user name (Username) and Password (Password) -> Activate
5. Then press the "Update virus signature database."

It's important! Turning off the system of early detection.
Open the main window of ESET NOD32 -> Settings -> Go to the advanced settings ... (F5) -> Unveiling the section "Tools" -> ESET Live Grid -> Remove the check mark from "Take part in the ESET Live Grid -> Click" OK ".

Kaspersky
Enabling version KIS / KAV 2010
In order to be able to KIS / KAV 2010 key to activate the program off the Internet, the request for activation code, enter the AAAAA-AAAAA-AAAAA-AAAA3 and when you get an error message window will open with the button "Browse", where you can activate the key (the keys to fit 7.0 and 2009 (8.0) version) ...
The above said also applies to the version (KIS / KAV 2011 version of 2011 (11.0.0.232)) as above to enable the assembly of this version see below.
Note: If Internet Explorer is enabled to "work independently" (even in the case of complete lack of connection to the Internet), this method of activation is not working. You must disable the use of offline browser.

Avast
avast! Pro Antivirus, Internet Security 5, 6, 7
For Windows XP
1. Disable self-defense and to replace the license file at
2. For avast! 5: «C :/ Documents and Settings / All Users / Application Data / Alwil Software/Avast5"
2. For avast! 6, 7: «C :/ Documents and Settings / All Users / Application Data / AVAST Software / Avast»
3. Enable self-defense module avast!

For Windows Vista, 7
1. Disable self-defense and to replace the license file at
2. For avast! 5: «C :/ ProgramData / Alwil Software/Avast5»
2. For avast! 6, 7: «C :/ ProgramData / AVAST Software / Avast»
3. Enable self-defense module avast!

avast! Free Antivirus 5, 6, 7
1. Click on the icon in the tray, then select the "Subscription Information"
2. Click on "Enter License Key" at the bottom of the screen
3. Insert the key into the form field and press «ok»

Dr.Web
1. On the taskbar in the system tray near the clock icon Find Doctor Web.
2. Click on the icon drweb right mouse button and the menu that appears, select "Tools" then "License Manager" and click the left mouse button.
3. A window "License Manager". In the window, see the information about the installed keys drweb.
4. In order to establish the key Dr. Web anti-virus must be added to the list of license manager. To do this, click on the search button and the menu, select the desired file in the selection window.

Avira
1. Open the window and select the menu item "Help"
2. In the drop-down menu, select "License Management"
3. In the opened window looking for the words "I already have a valid license file HBEDV.KEY"
4. Click on the "HBEDV.KEY"
5. Show where the program is the key.
6. Rejoice in a successful activation.