C.R.U.D.E
P.R.O.U.D.L.Y P.R.E.S.E.N.T.S

PC Tools Registry Mechanic v11.1.0.118

RLS.DATE.........2012/08/06
RLS.TYPE.............Keygen
PROTECTION...........Custom

PLATFORM.............WinAll

* RELEASE NOTES *

Few users are aware of the importance of system maintenance for their PC even though a solution for cleaning and optimizing the computer is a must have. Those who are unsure as to the software that is most suitable for their needs can take Registry Mechanic for a spin.

Registry Mechanic is one of the numerous applications that strive to do wonders when installed on a Windows machine because it has a lot of features, all of them meant to tune up computers.

Probably the most important function is the registry cleaner which scans for errors and fixes them in no time. However, please keep in mind that the unregistered version does not repair all problems, so you will have to buy
a license to unlock its full powers.

The interface of Registry Mechanic is organized within several tabs, each dedicated to a certain area: performance, privacy or recovery. The first one is the place where you can clean or compact the registry, as well as boost Windows startup.

In order to make sure your privacy is not affected, you can erase the Windows and the browsing history along with traces left by applications. Registry Mechanic also
supports file and disk shredding, so as to make sure that no item can ever be restored.

The application also includes a detailed Settings section that helps customize the way the scanning process work, but also allows you to schedule scans for the times when you are away from the computer.

All things considered, Registry Mechanic is indeed a great assistant and you should definitely give it a try to see what it can actually do One thing is for sure though: after thorough investigation, your machine can go a lot faster than before. Allthanks to this software.

URL: http://www.pctools.com

* iNSTALL NOTES *

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use our keygen to register
3.) Block "RegMech.exe" and
"Update.exe" with your firewall
solution
4.) Enjoy!

OUR RESPECT AND GREETS GOES TO:

BEAN . CoolPHat . DVT . EMBRACE . FLT . HERiTAGE . HOODLUM . Lz0 . OUTLAWS . PARADOX . SKIDROW . UNLEASHED . VACE . AND TO ALL OUR FRIENDS IN THE SCENE.

YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE

* aScii by ___Z <DFS> *
