                 

                   PART  376



      RINGO STARR - Sentimental Journey (1970)
      RINGO STARR - It Don't Come Easy (1971)
      RINGO STARR - It Don't Come Easy (1971) (second version)
      RINGO STARR - It Don't Come Easy - The Conc.for Bangladesh(1971)           
      RINGO STARR - Only You  (1974)




             "Sentimental Journey" is a popular song, published in 1944. The music was written by Les Brown and Ben Homer, and the lyrics were written by Arthur Green. Ringo Starr covered this song for his 1970 album "Sentimental Journey" . It was his first solo album. Alhough Starr was the third member of the group to issue solo work (after George Harrison and John Lennon), Sentimental Journey is notable for being the first non-avant-garde studio album by a member of the band, in light of the experimental, soundtrack or live releases his aforementioned bandmates had already released. Paul McCartney's debut, McCartney, would follow three weeks after Sentimental Journey's release. Sentimental Journey received fair reviews upon its release, although many critics found the idea of Starr covering standards a bit odd considering his musical background. His fame in the Beatles was all that was required, however, to get it all the way to #7 in the UK - with no single release to promote it - and #22 in the US. Although the style of the album took many by surprise, Starr's swift follow-up, Beaucoups of Blues, would be just as radical a stylistic shift.
          "It Don't Come Easy" is a song by Ringo Starr released as an Apple Records single in April 1971, reaching number four in both the U.S. and UK singles charts. It was Starr's first solo single in the UK, but his second in the US (the first was "Beaucoups of Blues"), following the breakup of the Beatles. This song may also be considered Starr's signature song. Starr performed this song at the Concert for Bangladesh (held 1 August 1971 at Madison Square Garden), and famously forgot some of the words. His goof was left in the album and concert film. 
         "Only You (And You Alone)" is a pop song composed by Buck Ram. It was recorded most successfully by The Platters, with lead vocals by Tony Williams, in 1955. In 1974, Ringo Starr covered this song for his album "Goodnight Vienna" at the suggestion of John Lennon, and it became a number six hit on the US Billboard Hot 100 and reached number one on the easy listening chart in early 1975. Lennon plays acoustic guitar on the track, and recorded a guide vocal which was kept by producer Richard Perry. Harry Nilsson sings harmony vocals and appears with Starr in the amusing music video filmed on top of the Capitol Records building in Los Angeles.