genre: action / rpg / managerial
release date: January 19, 2006
compatible with: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit)
languages: English
developer / publisher: Elemental Games / 1C Publishing
game modes: single-player

Bonus content included for FREE with purchase:
manual
2 HD wallpapers
6 avatars

What's cool about it:

This bundle includes Space Rangers 2: Dominators and the Space Rangers 2: Reboot expansion.
A great combination of real-time strategy, 4X, and third-person shooter elements.
Customise your spaceships and units using hundreds of different modules.
A vast swathe of space to explore. Whatever you become∩┐╜pirate, merchant, hero, or villain∩┐╜is up to you!

Overview:

200 years after the first chapter of Space Rangers, an even more dangerous threat arises in the galaxy. A key planet in producing war androids has become self-aware and has decided to conquer the galaxy one planet at a time. The planet's machines are not only capable of fulfilling any order, but they have their own intellect and force of will. This new type of cyber-life is driven only by a destructive instinct and cares solely about expanding the realm of the Silicate.

Freedom of choice is a distinguishing feature of the first part of the Space Rangers saga and only develops further as players explore the massive galaxy. At the same time the player explores his surroundings, the larger and more expansive game world lives and develops by itself.

The Space Rangers 2: Reboot expansion features:
- 5 new planetary adventures.
- 27 new maps for planetary battles.
- 10 new maps for hyperspace battles.
- New equipment and unique hull designs, including three super spaceships.
- Expanded interface of ship∩┐╜s hold and information center.
- More than 50 new governmental missions of different types.
- New unique equipment.
- Galaxy search system improved.

Age requirements: ESRB Rating: TEEN with Violence, Language, Fantasy Violence, Drug and Alcohol Reference. PEGI Rating: 12+ with Violence, Bad Language.

Minimum system requirements: Windows XP or Windows Vista, 1 GHz Processor (1.4 GHz recommended), 256MB RAM (512 recommended), NVidia or ATI (AMD) 3D graphics card compatible with Direct 9, Mouse, Keyboard.
Compatibility notice: This game is incompatible with Intel graphics devices (including netbook graphics).

Installation

Install and play