Platinum Blonde - Alien Shores [1985]





01.Situation Critical
02.Crying Over You
03.Red Light
04.It Ain't Love Anyway
05.Somebody Somewhere
06.Lost In Space
07.Temple Of The New Born
08.Holy Water
09.Animal
10.Hungry Eyes




320 KBPS

Cover Art





Wikipedia:



Platinum Blonde is a New Wave group that was first active from the mid 1980s to the early 1990s. The band originally consisted of Mark Holmes from Mansfield, England on vocals and bass, Sergio Galli on guitar and Chris Steffler on drums. Scottish musician Kenny MacLean later joined the group as the bassist. The name of the band was inspired by the 1931 Jean Harlow movie Platinum Blonde. They were known also for their stylish glam rock-like appearance.

The band re-united in 2010 and is releasing a new album in 2012.

Platinum Blonde was inducted into the Canadian Music and Broadcast Industry Hall of Fame on March 12, 2010.


Alien Shores was Platinum Blonde's 1985 follow up to their debut album Standing in the Dark. Released by Columbia/CBS Records Canada in 1985, it contained one of the band's biggest Canadian hits with "Crying Over You" and their only US hit, "Somebody Somewhere".

This album was the first to feature Kenny MacLean as a full-time bassist and keyboardist. This freed lead singer Mark Holmes to focus on lead vocal duties.

The band enlisted Alex Lifeson from fellow Canadian rockers Rush to perform guitar solos on two songs on the album, "Crying Over You" and "Holy Water". A song entitled "Alien Shore" is the sixth track on Rush's 1993 album Counterparts.

The liner notes from the Seven Year Itch collection bear this relationship out: "...Platinum Blonde managed to infuse well-crafted intelligent modern rock with pop hooks that literally grafted themselves onto the airwaves. One of the first to acknowledge this fact was Rush guitarist Alex Lifeson who validated their efforts with solos on "Crying Over You", "Holy Water"."

The album was released as a mini-concept album with the b-side (starting with "Lost in Space") containing various songs with a science fiction theme and narrative
