Description
"The combination of a quality story, good combat, tough puzzles, and amazing production values make Sacred Odyssey: Rise of Ayden well worth your time and money." - SlidetoPlay.com, 4/4.

A TIMELESS LEGEND
- The peace of the world is now being threatened. Reunite the 4 fragments of UryahΓÇÖs Grail and gain supernatural powers to defeat Amonbane, the dark lord at the heart of LasgalenΓÇÖs suffering.
- The fight against the demonic Amonbane will mean difficult decisions for Ayden, and Princess Lyanora will help him throughout. But when the moment comes to save the world, will Ayden be ready to make the greatest sacrifice?

AN EPIC ADVENTURE IN A FANTASTIC OPEN WORLD 
- Ride your horse, Miya, across the expansive plains of the kingdom and launch powerful sword strikes as you gallop through fields of enemies. Your journey will introduce you to many locations and foes.
- Defeat evil creatures in the Plains of Urvale, fend off enormous bosses in the icy Temple of Altemagus and the volcanic Firepitch Keep to ultimately face Amonbane himself in the royal halls of Kivira Castle.

ALL THE GREATNESS OF A TRUE ACTION/RPG
- Begin your journey with but a simple sword, acquiring new weapons and abilities along the way. Soon, you will wield the Sacred Shield, Locrian Hawk (boomerang), the Nagual Cobra (grappling hook) and even the platinum Gauntlet of Brakor.
- Each new piece of equipment will grant you access to new areas, new techniques and greater danger. They will even help you to overcome the many enigmas and challenges you face.
...More
Screenshots
If you consider those resources have infringed upon your rights, please contact us, or read our detailed "Disclaimer"
If you want to upload apps on our website, just click here
Contact us: download@pandaapp.com
Similar Apps
Recommend Apps
Review()

FIGHT FOR FREEDOM (Trial)
"FIGHT FOR FREEDOM" is scrolling fighting...

Gangstar Rio: City of Saints
The acclaimed Gangstar series is back on...

Chaos storm
The story takes place on a mystical land.