Explosive New Bonus chapter 2012 released on anniversary of one of RAFΓÇÖs worst peace time aircraft accidents and one year on from the Government turnaround in clearing the names of the pilots after a long campaign.
The final chapter updates the Counter Terrorist officerΓÇÖs life story and illustrates dubious Government Ethics both in matters of airworthiness for Military Aircraft and collusion with state media for damage limitation purposes.

When the huge helicopter crashed on the Mull of Kintyre on a summer's evening in 1994, it claimed the lives of 25 top anti-terrorist officers, among whom was Detective Superintendent Ian Phoenix, from the RUC counter terrorist surveillance unit. Phoenix had spent 25 years of his life in an undercover war against some of the most deadly terrorist organisations in the world. A war where heroes have no names and deeds that save hundreds of lives remain unrecorded. Until now.
PHOENIX reveals for the first time how the undercover war of covert police and SAS operations was fought in an arena where the rules were made by doorstep assassins, booby-trap bombers and snipers in the shadows. It tells how the man responsible for almost wiping out the British cabinet was caught,how a deadly bombing campaign in Britain was frustrated and how the lives of many of those targeted for death by the IRA were saved through secret and often ruthless tactics.
PHOENIX takes the reader behind the scenes of the secret negotiations which led to the IRA cease fire and uncovers some shocking details about what political figures were prepared to do to win over the terrorists. It exposes the struggle between the Northern Ireland Special Branch and MI5 for control of top secret information channels.
PHOENIX is more than just a story of a shadowy war. It is an intimate portrait of an Irish man and his English wife, Susan, who came to Northern Ireland thinking she would be the wife of an ordinary bobby and instead found herself thrown into the mayhem of the troubles. Their relationship gives a personal background to the tale of terror and counter-terror where a rap on the door can mean death. It shows how love and real family life can sustain a man during a dangerous career. 