OpenCloner Blue-Cloner 3

Blue-Cloner 3 is powerful Blu-ray copy software to make quality Blu-ray backups easily. It can copy Blu-ray movies to BD-R/REs or to the hard disk with no quality loss. Blue-Cloner 3 allows you to make Blu-ray copies according to your different needs and preview the source Blu-ray movie through the customized copy mode. The decoding function for ATI and NVIDIA video cards is supported and the copying speed has been improved greatly. The comprehensive functions and user-friendly interface makes Blu-ray copy much easier than before.

Features

Perfect 1:1 Blu-ray copy ΓÇô makes a copy of the whole Blu-ray disc onto another one.
HST - The built-in HSTΓäó of Blue-Cloner 3 will make the Blu-ray copy much faster than before.
Movie-only copy ΓÇô copies the main movie of the original Blu-ray disc to a blank BD-R (25G), omitting unwanted features.
Compresses a Blu-ray disc (50G) to a blank BD-R (25G), including menus and special features.
Completely copies a full BD-R (25G) onto another one with almost the same quality.
Splits one Blu-ray disc to two blank BD-Rs (25G).
Customized copy ΓÇô copies Blu-ray movies according to your needs such as selecting a chapter to copy, selecting the audio track and subtitle, etc.
Decrypts the Blu-ray discs with protections such as BD+ and AACS.
Greatly improved the copying speed.
Burns the existing Blu-ray folder or ISO file to the Blu-ray disc.
Copies Blu-ray movies to ISO files.
Preview the source Blu-ray movie before copying.
Supports for the encoding and decoding function for NVIDIA and ATI video cards.
Supports for the decoding function for ATI video cards to decode high-definition videos.
Selects the encoding format (MPEG2 or H.264).
Backs up Blu-ray movies to the hard disk.
Plays back the copied Blu-ray discs on the PC with Blu-ray player software.
User-friendly interfaces make the Blu-ray copying simple.

System Requirements

Blue-Cloner requires the system to be configured with the following equipments:

Minimum configuration:

Pentium-IV 1.0 GHz
512MB of RAM
50 GB free hard disk space (NTFS partition)
Windows XP
A Blu-ray disc drive

Recommended configuration:

Intel Core2 1.86GHz or a faster processor
2048MB of RAM
50 GB free hard disk space (NTFS partition)
A Blu-ray burner
Windows Vista, XP, 7
A Blu-ray disc drive
An NVIDIA video card or an ATI video card

Homepage: http://www.opencloner.com/blue-cloner.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.