Release Info:

Restore maximum performance and functionality to your PC's hardware and its components!

Experts recommend Driver Reviver to keep your PC's Drivers up to date and restore optimum performance and functionality to your PC and its components.

Why update ur Drivers?

Hardware Drivers are essential software applications that enable devices, which are connected to your PC, to communicate with your operating system and other software on your computer. These Drivers allow your software to access the full functionality and feature set available for each piece of hardware connected to your computer. As both your operating system and the software applications running on your PC are updated, new Drivers are needed to ensure that your hardware can remain fully functional within its new environment. Many manufacturers do not contact you to advise that a new Driver has been released for your hardware. You therefore might be unaware that new, updated Drivers are available for your system, and you may be missing out on some additional new functionality, features or security patches for your system.



Why use Driver Reviver?

Considering all of the individual components on your PC, not to mention external devices such as printers, scanners, web cams, Hard Drives and more, keeping abreast of all the latest Drivers can not only be a time consuming and tedious task, but also one that can be terribly confusing.

Driver Reviver solves this problem by allowing you to scan all of your hardware to identify the current Driver that is installed on your system, and determines if it is the most up-to-date version. Once the required updates are identified, Driver Reviver then allows you to quickly and easily download and install all these updates from one central location. Driver Reviver ensures you are getting the maximum performance from your PC, its components and its software.

One of the most important features of Driver Reviver is how it sources its Driver updates. Other Driver update tools collect their Driver's from various sources on the Internet and store them on local servers which runs the risk of the Drivers being obsolete or even worse, not being from the original equipment manufacturer and potentially containing crapware or spyware.

Driver Reviver Features and Benefits:

Ensures your PC and its components are performing at their optimum levels. Missing out on the latest Driver releases means your PC and hardware devices are missing out on bug fixes, performance improvements, and potential new features from the manufacturer.

Eliminates the risk of downloading a faulty Driver or even malware. The wrong Driver or malware could render your PC inoperable and potentially put you at risk of identity theft.

Saves you time. It can take numerous hours to track down each Driver for each single piece of hardware connected to your PC. Driver Reviver accomplishes this in minutes.

Protects you from mistakes. The restore point setting in Driver Reviver ensures that if there are any problems with an update, the changes can be easily reversed to get you back up and running in no time.

No need to be tech-savvy. It can take considerable PC knowledge to scan for Drivers, download them, and install them correctly. Driver Reviver does all of this for you, quickly, easily and safely.


