Earlier this year Anthrax reformed the classic lineup which was at the forefront of thrash metal for most of the 1980's. This lineup has not existed since since 1992, when singer Joey Belladonna was asked to leave the band, due to their wanting to go in a different direction. Three years later, lead guitarist Danny Spitz departed. John Bush (formerly of Armored Saint) joined up as their vocalist for the next thirteen years, creating some great new Anthrax music. But, that era will never replace the Belladonna era in my heart as the Anthrax I love most. So, back to 2005, It is the 20th anniversary of the release of their seminal album Spreading the Disease and seemed like the perfect time to get together and see what would happen. This DVD, and subsequent tour are some of the results of that fateful moment.
 
This concert was recorded on June 3, 2005 at the Starland in Sayreville, NJ and is completely comprised of material from the first era of Anthrax. The band took to the stage, announcing that they were filming for the DVD, and started into "Among the Living." They sounded very good, as if they had never parted ways so long ago.
 
Frank Bello was stomping back and forth across the stage, acting the madman. Scott Ian was jumping and stomping, while Danny Spitz played the straight man to his antics. Charlie Benante, steady as ever behind the drum kit, continuing to show his prowess, proving that he is one of the best in the business. Meanwhile, Joey Belladonna is like a kid in a candy store. He looked so happy to be back with his old crew, and still having a great voice. It may not be as strong as it was 15 years ago, but it is still great.
 
Each of their albums is represented here, from Spreading the Disease through Persistence of Time. We even get their crossover hit, "I'm the Man." Old school thrashers "Deathrider" and "Medusa" mixed in with mainstays "Caught in a Mosh" and "Indians." Their Joe Jackson cover, "Time," is not to be left out.

Tracklist:
 
 01. Among the living
 02. Caught in a mosh
 03. A.I.R.
 04. Madhouse
 05. Efilnikufesin (N.F.L.)
 06. Deathrider
 07. Medusa
 08. In my world
 09. Indians
 10. Time
 11. I`m the man
 12. Be all end all
 13. I am the law
 14. Credits
 
Extra`s:
 
01. Documentary
 02. State of Euphoria
 03. Juliya interview
 04. Touring tales
 05. The vaccine
 06. Photo gallery

Format: DVD-9
Source: DVD-9
Audio: DD-5.1
Subs: None
Language: English
Genre: Music

Voor jullie van Ons

By Chickie :D 