JOHN LENNON and THE PLASTIC ONO BAND

This DVD is essential for any serious Lennon fan. Too many reviewers worry about the avant-garde nature of the Yoko Ono performance. The film documents one of the best and most feral rock concerts ever given. Lennon's performance is raw and exciting. And, if you've ever doubted Lennon's estimation of "Don't Worry Kyoko..." as one of the best rock songs ever, you must see him and Clapton getting into a fine guitar groove that works like a mantra. And the live version of "Yer Blues" is as exciting as the performance in the Stones' "Rock and Roll Circus" (not to mention "Cold Turkey"! This is a classic moment in rock history that testifies to the power of Lennon and the Plastic Ono Band.

John Lennon & The Plastic Ono Band Live In Toronto ’69 is a rare look at one of the world’s most influential popular artists at a pivotal moment in his career. Filmed on the eve of the release of the Abbey Road LP — the last Beatles album to be recorded — this is the only performance ever caught on film of John Lennon & the Plastic Ono Band. It had been three years since Lennon had performed onstage with The Beatles. Seemingly on a whim, John and wife Yoko Ono hopped on a plane with guitarist Eric Clapton, bassist Klaus Voormann and drummer Alan White to travel to the Toronto Rock ’N’ Roll Revival festival showcasing some of Lennon’s early musical heroes — among them Bo Diddley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chuck Berry and Little Richard. As it turned out, Lennon and the newly formed Plastic Ono Band played an equally significant role that night in the history of rock ’n’ roll, as it is widely believed this concert foreshadowed the official end of The Beatles. Captured by Academy Award–nominated director D.A. Pennebaker (The War Room, Don’t Look Back, Monterey Pop), this concert film serves as one of the great historical documents in the career and life of John Lennon.
DVD Features: NTSC Keep Case Audio: Dolby Digital 5.1 - English Additional Release Material: Interviews: Yoko Ono - 1988 Tracks: 1. Bo Diddley - Bo Diddley 2. Hound Dog - Jerry Lee Lewis 3. Lucille - Little Richard 4. Blue Suede Shoes - John Lennon 5. Money - John Lennon 6. Dizzy Miss Lizzy - John Lennon 7. Yer Blues - John Lennon 8. Cold Turkey - John Lennon 9. Give Peace A Chance - John Lennon 10. Don’t Worry Kyoko (Mummy’s Only Looking For Her Hand In The Snow) - Yoko Ono 11. John John (Let’s Hope For Peace) - Yoko Ono
INFO:
Resolution- 720x480
Frame Rate- 29.97fps
Pixel Shape- 10:11(NTSC4:3)
Video Structure- Progressive
Duration- 00:56:31
Size: 592MB