Strap On Anal Lesbians (2 Disc Set) 

Strap On Anal Lesbians Special 2 Disc Set  
Studio: Evil Angel Jay Sin
Category 	Strap-On Movies

To say that director Jay Sin is fascinated with female buttholes is an 

understatement. He's made a career of capturing rim jobs, rectal gapes and 

ass-to-mouth action. Jay's new "Strap-On Anal Lesbians" is a double-DVD set of 

gorgeous sluts reaming each other with outrageously huge strap-on dildos; it 

delivers all the eroticism of hard-core rectal sodomy, but with no dicks to 

spoil the girly vibe! Domineering ballet instructor Franceska Jaimes anally 

trains soft-assed blonde Chastity Lynn with a riding crop and an enormous 

rubber cock. Young Chastity turns the tables on the statuesque Latina 

bombshell, pounding her ass and licking Franceska's cavernous colon. The 

undisputed queens of insane anal stunts and monster gaping - Hotkinkyjo, 

Isabella Clark and Alysa - stretch one another's winking bunghole, plowing 

their elastic backsides with impossibly thick, black phalluses and enjoying 

the flavor of ass. Shorthaired Julie Night and exotic Annie Cruz share ass 

domination involving milk and whipped-cream enemas plus lots of sensuous butt 

licking. Latex-clad bitches Nicki Hunter and Dee Siren have a fetishistic 

bondage date; a perverse vacuum pump swells Dee's rosebud to a fleshy bulb. 

Locker room bad girls Roxy Raye and Jayda Diamonde initiate newby Amy Brooke 

into a sorority-style lesbian hazing that results in a nasty anal prolapse. A 

bonus orgy starring lovelies Leilani Leeane, Adrianna Nicole, Gia DiMarco, 

London Keyes, Sammie Spades, Holly Michaels and Emma Haize is the frosting on 

this pound cake. Jay's irrepressible sluts are strapped and ready for lesbian 

action!.

 Jay Sin's "Strap-On Anal Lesbians" is a double-disc DVD with bonus strap-on 

pool party featuring seven girls; extensive outtakes and behind-the-scenes 

footage; photo galleries, cast list, filmographies and trailers..