

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Prophetic Times - 95 - Tares Among the Wheat



Tares Among the Wheat



POtHS Comments on This one:

Description:“Tares Among the Wheat” is likely going to challenge what most believers in the Christian community think about Bible history, and the origin of the current wave of new translations that have flooded churches around the world. As we showed in “Lamp,” the true culprit in corrupting the Bible is Rome and her Jesuit priests who are determined to darken the words of Holy Scripture, so that they will not be properly understood. We remind our brethren that this was something the King James committee warned of in their introduction to the 1611 translation. The progression of paraphrased bibles has opened the door to all sorts of apostate translations, including a gay bible, a gender neutral bible, a bible that omits the word “Son” (so as not to offend Muslims), and even one that has removed the word “antichrist” (we suppose, in order to help him overtake the world).

In the 19th century, a revolution in biblical scholarship was prompted by the publication of a never-before-seen manuscript called Codex Sinaiticus. The work was allegedly “discovered” by a German scholar named Constantine von Tischendorf, who declared this to be the oldest Bible ever found. Tischendorf said he found the work in a trash bin at a Greek Orthodox monastery. While many in the academic world did not fully believe him, they were willing to accept his claims. But shortly after his discovery was published, a renowned Greek paleographer named Constantine Simonides came forward and declared that the manuscript was no ancient text at all, but had been created in 1840. The controversy that followed is, perhaps, the most incredible untold chapter in Bible history. It involves Jesuits, the Pope, a high-minded German, a committee of Anglo Romanists, and a mysterious Greek patriot. It is a story that (while quite true and well documented) a vast majority of modern academics know nothing about. Yet the subject matter dramatically impacts the world of biblical scholarship, even to this present hour.

           
:thankyou:  :thankyou:   Thank You JESUS

