POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 35 - The Occult Explosion Part 1




POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh.

Description: UFO's are everywhere. I have seen them.

The Occult Agenda by Joe Schimmel:
Does Hollywood and the Recording Industries have a secret war against God?  Learn more about the occult agenda.  Masonic Influens In EU · Illuminati Tyrany · Illuminti Symbolism · Occult Ancient Agenda · Modern Illuminati Arschitecture · Masonic Signs ...
------------------------------------------------------------------

Secrets of the Occult II - The Scientists:
Secrets of the Occult explores the world of the occult from the ancient and modern magicians who practice it to the cutting edge scientists attempting to explain its mysterious claims.  This program highlights the advances that have been achieved by innovators who challenged established reality like Newton, Galileo, Carl Jung and Einstein.

The claims of the occult magicians are put under the microscope to reveal the fascinating interface between ancient Egyptian and Greek beliefs to modern discoveries of the mind and the physical world.  The Magicians & The Scientists Secrets of the Occult DVD Extras explores the fascinating interface between occult beliefs and modern discoveries of the mind and the physical world.

Experts speak on a range of topics from the function of magic to the beginning of mysticism. Dreams and the Collective Unconscious, a 21st Century Perspective, and many more subjects related to the first magicians and modern scientists who unravel the mysteries of our world are included.

SPECIAL NOTE:
The purpose of this upload is to show how the Occult has used science to further its reach of control in the various sciences, govt, media and minds of the people.  Beware of modern scientific findings, espically as they relate to Quantum Physics, Medicine and New Age doctrines or conscienceness.  Now you know where this agenda started, more of its motives and where its heading.
------------------------------------------------------------------

KATHERINE ALBRECHT – On The Brink Of The Mark:
The mark of the beast is coming and soon. Sooner than you think!  Anti-RFID activist Katherine Albrecht has a good reason for ... it could lead to the fulfillment of the Bible's Mark of the Beast prophecy. ... Albrecht, at the beginning of her video, On the Brink of the Mark.  Keep in mind, this presentation was produced back in 2003!!!
------------------------------------------------------------------

Bases 7 Britain's Supersoldiers - MK-Ultra Mind Control:

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
