Of course we didn’t invent the compilation! Duh! No really! We didn’t… seriously! Why do you doubt me? Even though we didn’t invent them it doesn’t mean we didn’t perfect them… so here’s another perfect compilation for your soul to absorb via your ear canals. A collection of 11 tracks plus one sampler. That’s two bonus tracks on top of the standard 10 track line-up! Whoa! Crazy! I loved the Jay Slim release so much that I simply couldn’t contain myself to only one track. Then Just Plain Ant released the sampler of his upcoming release “The New Black” and I felt that it’d be a perfect addition to the line-up. In fact, I wish other labels/artists released samplers like this. I’d love to feature one with every netBloc release. Consider this an invitation to any of you who may be working on some music and want to begin promoting it early, send us a sampler and it’ll be considered for a future netBloc release. 1 track, no longer than 15 minutes and only send wav, flac or aiff files along with any info you'd like mentioned about the upcoming release. Send files to us via services such as Yousendit.com or you can use our contact form to let us know you'd like to send us something and we can set you up with an ftp account to upload directly to the blocSonic server.

So what sounds can you expect this time around? Industrial, electro-pop, electro-funk, hip-hop, punk, rock, pop-rock and indie-pop from France, Germany, Italy, the UK and the US. Our netBloc releases are always an eclectic, international affair and this time is no different. By the way, if you’re a Boo Radleys fan, you might like to know that one of the featured artists is none other than Martin Carr. Check out his fantastic track “Why You Gotta Bring Me All This Rain?”. Check out the fatty 79 page PDF for details.

Thanks again to all participants and to all of you for checking out netBloc Vol. 23: We Invented The Compilation! Each and every one of you rock! Remember… share this! Give it to friends, enemies and strangers alike! Tell them how much netaudio rocks! When you’re done doing that, be ready… later this month on Tuesday, July 28th is the release of blocSonic’s second original release featuring one of our newest artists, the UK’s Formula and his “The Overcast Project”. A fresh release with complete production from him and featuring artists from the US, UK, Canada & Jamaica. The LP features artists signed to independent labels (LDZ - Dented records), major labels (Aynzli Jones - Mercury) and an unsigned MC called Isayu (from the Bay in Oakland). Then… on Tuesday, August 25th we keep the hip-hop flowing with our third original release by another of our newest artists Luck & Ripp and their “The Catastrophic Connection”. The short song structure, Luck’s intricate flow, Ripp’s deep, creative lyricism and UhOh’s simple loops and boom-bap drum style make the album seem like a bumrush with a softer side. From being “awoke to the ways of the world” to reminiscing on your childhood, this project covers all the bases. So keep your ear to the ground… blocSonic is rumbling on…



This audio is part of the collection: blocSonic


Creative Commons license: Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0