Description:
The story centers around a boy named Akihisa Yoshii, also known as the idiot or "Baka" of the titled anime. He attends Fumizuki Academy, a school where the staff rigidly divides the students based on the results of their academic scores. At the start of the school, students are academically sorted by entrance exam test grades. The higher the grades, the higher the class, and the better the benefits. In this case, Class A is filled with the highest-scoring students; therefore, their classroom was filled with many prestigious items (air conditioners, fancy seats, laptops, a free snack bar, etc.), while the state of Class F is the complete opposite of that, representing the "bottom of the barrel" amenities, such as mats and wooden tables. This academy has something special, where all the students manage to call forth Summoned Beings (Sh┼ìkanj┼½, or "Avatars" in the official English translation[2]). These Beings are used for battles between classes with the goal of capturing (or retaining) the best classroom facilities. Since Class A is filled with prodigies, they all have strong Summoned Beings, while Class F has drastically weak ones in comparison. A teacher must authorize/supervise each battle, and the health and strength of each summoned being is based on the student's last test score in that teacher's subject (i.e. Math, History, etc.). The beings lose points when struck by an opponent, and should the point count reach zero, the being and student are disqualified, and must take supplementary tuition with Nishimura. However, if the student can leave the battle before reaching zero, these points can be replenished by taking a supplemental exam. The student's being may then return to the battle.

Country: Japan
Year: 2012
Category: comedy, romantic, school
Director: Shin Onuma
Writers: Katsuhiko Takayama (screenplay), Kenji Inoue (original story)
Stars: Jamie Marchi, Terri Doty and Tia Lynn Ballard
Stidio: Silver link

Duration: 13 episodes of 24 minutes

Screen-shots:


Technical data:

Quality: HDTVRip
Hardsub: no
Sub: no
Format: mp4
Codec: h.264
Frame size: 1280x720
Fps: 23.976
Bit rate: 1361 Kbps

Sound format: AAC
Sound bitrate: 192 Kbps

Language: russian (voice over).
Voiced by Martinez.