Torchlight 2 (c) Runic games

09/2012 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Steam
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Diablo Clone


The award-winning action RPG is back, bigger and better than ever!
Torchlight II takes you back into the quirky, fast-paced world of
bloodthirsty monsters, bountiful treasures, and sinister secrets - and, once
again, the fate of the world is in your hands!

Torchlight II captures all the flavor and excitement of the original game -
while expanding the world and adding the features players wanted most,
including online and LAN co-op multiplayer. Torchlight II is fast, fun,
and filled to the brim with action and loot. Adventure solo or online with
your friends!

Key Features:
Multiplayer - Play co-op with your friends via LAN or over the Internet for
free. No subscriptions, no item sales. Our new matchmaking service lets you
find friends, start new games, and join existing games. And, as always, you
can play single-player offline as well.

Customizable Characters - Players will create and customize a character from
one of four brand new classes. Each class can be played as either male or
female, with customized cosmetic features and looks to make each individual
character stand out. All new skills and loot give loads of opportunity for
unique character builds.

Moddability - TorchED, the Torchlight II editor, will give players the
ability to create their own mods, adding even more content to the world.
Have your friends download the same mod and play together. TorchED will be
available as a separate download very shortly after launch.

New User Interface - Torchlight II boasts a new and improved user interface,
designed to be easier than ever for new players to pick up and play. This
intuitive interface ensures you can focus on playing the game the way you
want to.

Open World - We're not only in the town of Torchlight anymore! Explore vast
overland areas and multiple hub towns, fight through rain, snow, day and
night. Our level randomization ensures new layouts, paths, loot, and
monsters every time you play.

New Game Plus - In New Game Plus, the game's not over until you say it is.
Once you've beaten Torchlight II's primary campaign, you can start again
with the same character for a significantly greater challenge. You'll keep
all of the skills, gold, and gear you worked so hard for!
Pets & Fishing - These popular features make their return in Torchlight II
in improved form. More choices, better effects, and your pet will still
make the run to town to sell your loot so you dont have to.



1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy over the cracked content.
5. Play the game.
6. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


 