Follow my uploads here:             
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

The only and the best fully functional forum app in the Market, endorsed by over 35,000 of forums worldwide. 4.5/5 stars reviewed by ten thousands of power fellows. Why not give it a try?

Online Communities at Your Fingertips

If you have ever tried to visit a forum using an Internet browser on your Android device you know what a nightmare it can be. The multitude of layouts you will encounter can have you scrolling, pinching, zooming, and swiping until your fingers are numb. Enter the Tapatalk Forum App.

Tapatalk houses over 35,000 of the most popular public forums right inside the app. From online games to technology, animals to extreme couponing, there is a forum out there to suit your interests. Browse the 13 categories or search for a particular forum in Tapatalk's easy-to-use interface. You can find anything and everything with this app.

Once you have found the forums you want to read it is easy to add them to your favorites for quicker access. Then you simply log in to the app and read your private messages or reply to current topics. You can also easily start a thread about something that piques your interest. You can also mark the topics you care about on your forums.

Tapatalk contains all the features and capabilities found in your favorite browser but in a simple, straight-forward delivery. Easily see who is online, view board statistics, and even user profiles all without waiting for your phone's browser to connect to the Internet. Give it a try today.

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 13, 2012)

    Fixed Color Pack issue
    Allowed special character in Tapatalk ID
    Introducing Tapatalk ID - save and manage your favorite forums under one account!
    Other new features and bug fixes in this version:
    Additional options for more themes and colors (in-app billing)
    Fixed image viewing issues (GPU)
    "Thanks" display issues
    Improve Kunena 2 support
    Many other bug fixes
    * Previous Dark Mode will be reset, please re-enable it in Settings **

Required Android O/S : 2.0+



                                By bobiras2009		