ImTOO Video Converter Ultimate

ImTOO Video Converter is an easy to use program that lets you edit and convert video, audio, and animated images. Its key feature includes the creation of a 3D video from a normal video. ImTOO Video Converter is the best video converter software to convert between HD videos: H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, AVCHD (*.m2ts, *.mts), MKV, HD WMV, MPEG2/MPEG-4 TS HD, convert videos from HD to SD, convert between various general video formats: AVI, MPEG-4, WMV, DivX, H.264/AVC, and extract audio and pictures from videos. Even create a video from pictures further with flexible merging/clipping/editing/splitting features.

High-Definition (HD) video encoding and decoding makes it possible to get stunning High-Definition videos for HD video players. ImTOO Video Converter can turn any video/music file to be played on iPad, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Google Android phones, PSP, PS3, NDS, Wii, BlackBerry phone, iRiver, Creative Zen and other multimedia devices.

Convert video and audio for multimedia devices:
iPad, iPod, iPhone, Apple TV, Xbox 360, PSP
PS3, NDS, Wii, BlackBerry, iRiver, Creative Zen...
Convert between AVI, MPEG, WMV, DivX, MP4, 
MPEG-4 AVC, RM, MOV, MKV, 3GP, FLV, etc.
High-Definition (HD) video encoding and decoding.
Convert 2D videos to 3D videos automatically.
Extract audio from video: MP3, WMA, WAV, RA, 
M4A. Convert between various audio formats.
Extract pictures and create video from pictures.
Merge videos/pictures with fun transitions, or clip 
videos to convert desired part.
Multiple video effects provided for personalization.

Key Features

Newly support iPad and Google Android phones: Nexus One, HTC Hero, HTC G2 Magic, HTC Tattoo, Motorola Droid, Motorola CLIQ, Samsung i7500
Support video format taken from all kind of DVs.
With simple video editor, can process cutting, division and combination easily.
Allows you to transfer the converted files to iPod, iPhone 4/iPhone 4S, iPad or PSP directly after conversion.
Supports multi-core CPU processing to perform tasks with the highest speed possible; core number can be customized accordingly.
Add multiple audio tracks and subtitle files (ASS, SSA and SRT) to enrich your videos.
Crop the image frame of your video to retain what you want.
Adjust the brightness/saturation/contrast of your videos, and add artistic effects like "Old Film", "Gray", "Line Drawing", etc.
Insert video/picture/text watermarks to your videos to mark them as your own.
Preview a video with different effects applied or compare the original video with the edited version in real-time.
Comes with optimized conversion profiles classified by device type so you can easily find the most suitable conversion solution for your device.
Split a large file into several smaller ones according to split duration or size.
Set different output formats for the same file and converted it into various formats in one go.
Specify the output file size and calculate the corresponding bit rate in an instant with the built-in Bitrate Calculator.
Offers a range of adjustable parameters: video, audio, picture, tag and expert.
Convert multiple files simultaneously with multithreading and batch processing.
Powered with ATI-Stream and NVIDIA-CUDA GPU acceleration technology to get big performance improvement in video conversion process.
Run the application in the background to free up CPU resources for running other applications.
Preset a post conversion action and the application will automatically perform the desired action after completing a task: shut down, hibernation, stand by; exit application
Rename files in batches; view file properties; automatic software update checking; multiple language interfaces and skins to choose from.

System Requirements:

OS : Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, Windows 7/8
Processor : 1GHz Intel/AMD processor or above
RAM : 256MB RAM (512MB or above recommended)
Free Hard Disk : 100MB space for installation
Graphic Card : Super VGA (800×600) resolution, 16-bit graphics card or higher, OpenGL 1.4 or higher

Homepage:

Installation Instructions:

- Install Program.
- Register with given key with any name.
- Done, Enjoy.
