CONTENTS
--------

Richard Duncan: A New Global Depression?
Interview with the author of The Dollar Crisis, one of the few analyses to predict the 2008 financial meltdown. Richard Duncan tracks its causes to the credit explosion unleashed by the fiat-dollar system, in toxic symbiosis with the global wage deflation caused by manufacturing’s shift to the East.

Donald Sassoon: Eric Hobsbawm, 1917–2012
Appreciation of the historian as unrepentant Communist. Donald Sassoon recalls Hobsbawm’s relations with the global movement he joined in Berlin during the Popular Front era, and his contributions as scholar and panoramic comparativist.

Rob Lucas: The Critical Net Critic
Advances in information technology have generated both delirious boosterism and gloomy prognoses of computer-assisted decline. Rob Lucas engages with the sceptical current exemplified by Nicholas Carr’s The Shallows, tracing its conceptual underpinnings and identifying its lacunae—political, economic, historical.

Daniel Finn: Order Reigns in The Hague
Daniel Finn reports on September’s Dutch election, where the Liberal and Labour parties rallied to prevent Holland following the Greek example. Origins and orientations of the Socialist Party that briefly threatened the Pax Bruxelliana, and strategic lessons for the left from its campaign.

Rafael Correa: Ecuador's Path
The Andean republic’s president discusses his formation and his government’s record in office, across a range of spheres: economy, environment, education, freedom of the press. How would he respond to critics, and what are the main challenges the country faces?

Robin Osborne: Cultures of Empire: Greece and Rome
How was Roman imperial rule over Greece legitimated in the minds of conquerors and subjects alike? The mutual reverberations of an Augustan cultural revolution that brought Hellenism to the empire’s core and diverted Greeks to the glories of the past.

Julian Stallabrass: Radical Camouflage at Documenta 13
Dispatch from dOCUMENTA, the quinquennial art exhibition in Kassel, where a rhetoric of diversity and ‘anti-logocentrism’ serves as smokescreen for the contradictions and complicities of the art business.

BOOK REVIEWS
------------

Augusta Conchiglia on Thomas Deltombe, Manuel Domergue and Jacob Tatsitsa, Kamerun!. The first full account of France’s hidden colonial war in West Africa.

Clive Dilnot on Chris Killip, Seacoal. Scenes of industrial decay in 1980s Northumberland as images of a workless future.

Bryan Palmer on Steven Hirsch & Lucien van der Walt, Anarchism and Syndicalism in the Colonial and Postcolonial World. Panorama of libertarian left rebels, from Latin America to Ukraine, Cairo to Korea.

ABOUT NLR
---------

A 160-page journal published every two months from London, New Left Review analyses world politics, the global economy, state powers and protest movements; contemporary social theory, history and philosophy; cinema, literature, heterodox art and aesthetics. It runs a regular book review section and carries interviews, essays, topical comments and signed editorials on political issues of the day. ‘Brief History of New Left Review’ gives an account of NLR’s political and intellectual trajectory since its launch in 1960.

The NLR Online Archive includes the full text of all articles published since 1960; the complete index can be searched by author, title, subject or issue number. The full NLR Index 1960-2010 is available in print and can be purchased here. Subscribers to the print edition get free access to the entire online archive; two or three articles from each new issue are available free online. If you wish to subscribe to NLR, you can take advantage of special offers by subscribing online, or contact the Subscriptions Director below.

NLR is also published in Spanish, and selected articles are available in Greek, Italian, Korean, Portuguese and Turkish.

Submissions to the journal are welcome, but please consult the submission guidelines before sending in an article or book review. For queries concerning advertising, bookshop distribution or subscriptions, please consult the full contact details.