AC3D 6.8.14 + Serial

A easy to use 3D Modeling Software.

Features:

Fast real-time OpenGL graphics views (2D and 3D) with whiteboard controls for easy navigation
Multipoint polygon and line editing down to vertex level
No polygon limits
Edit at different granularity - groups, objects, surfaces, vertices
Simple and easy manipulation of selected components
Powerful mouse selection with add/remove, select through and select closest components
Surface and vertex loop selection
Fast subdivision-surfaces with instant switch to view/hide subdivisions
Extrusion and surface revolution of lines and surfaces
Built-in fast OpenGL 3D renderer with adjustable field-of-view - instantly see results of your actions in 3D. Spin the model or switch into 'walk mode' for Quake-style control.
Realtime mirror for symmetrical work
Six boolean operations: Subtract, Intersect, Union, Cut-Away, Knife, Kife and Cut-away
Manipulate one or more vertices
snap together
snap to grid
smooth shape
align to axis
create new surfaces from
create a 2D mesh using
Manipulate one or more surfaces/polygons
insert/remove vertices
slice across surface/s
make holes
spike
spline
bevel
triangulate
flip
divide
combine
flatten
calculate surface-area
change vertex order
cut away into a new object
Manipulate one or more objects
extrude along a path (line)
Revolve
mirror
reduce polygons
merge surfaces/vertices into a single object
fragment/explode - split surfaces into individual objects
align to each other
replicate
Object crease angle support - smooth shapes with sharp edges without the hard work
Texture mapping support with switchable real-time rendering.
Switch a view into 'Inspect' mode to instantly see the 'clean' image
Anti-alias 3D views for smoother images
Snapshot images into the system clipboard for pasting into other software (Windows, Mac)
Create new surfaces/objects around any selection (Convex hull)
Objects can be named and searched for within a scene
Attach URLs to objects for use in VRML files
Attach string data to objects can be used as special directives for POV or renderman, or custom software
Navigate/Zoom around the 2D views with cursor keys and other single key presses
Hierarchical view window with drag/drop and locking/ hiding controls
Hide/unhide objects for easier/faster editing of complicated scenes
Headlight and up to 7 other positionable lights
24-bit colour palette with adjustable diffuse; ambient; emissive; specular; shininess and transparency
Adjustable 2D and 3D grid guide lines with grid-snap function
Distances, positions and sizes of selected objects displayed on screen
Scale a selection to a specific size
Configurable to use external renderers such as Povray ( Tools->Render )
Flip a selection about X, Y or Z axis
Remove duplicate vertices and surfaces ('optimize')
3D mouse (3Dconnexion) support e.g. SpaceNavigator
Multi-platform program - Windows, Linux and Mac OS X
Fast and memory efficient, compact program binary.
Software development kit and plugin interface.

Requirements:

Windows or Linux x86 or Mac OS X 10.4 (or later)
256 MB RAM minimum
20 MB hard disk space
preferable, but not necessary - 3D accelerated video card with OpenGL drivers
monitor resolution 1024x768, or higher

How to Install:

1. Install AC3D.
2. Open Keygen (Virus Free) Folder.
3. Open "Keygen". (You may need java installed on your PC to open it.)
4. Type your name in Name field and press Generate.
5. Highlight the Serial and press copy.
6. Open AC3D.
7. Go to Help >>> Upgrade License
8. Paste copied serial there and press OK.
9. Restart the program and enjoy. But don't forget us. (Zubair Khalid)