Straw Dogs (1971) DVD5 (ISO) Disc 2 Criterion Collection

*** 
I use a Transfer Cap and upload 7 gigs a day. 
This is why I upload a new torrent every other day or so. 
I do this to keep my IP off my back as they have initiated a monthly limit.
It usually takes me two days to fully seed a torrent so please be patient. 
***

This is a DVD rip to an ISO so you can watch it on your media player mount it to a virtual drive or burn it to a DVD. You can even unzip it with WinZip or WinRAR to unpack it to the original VOBs.

This rip is a (DVD-5)

- What I mean by (DVD-5) this ISO has been compressed to fit onto a single layer disc the main film has been touched as little as possible and unless you are watching this on a high definition projector at over 60 inches you should not be able to notice any difference. Nothing has been taken out of the original DVD.


1960
89 minutes
Color
Widescreen Anamorphic 1.78:1
Spoken Language: English
NTSC

Director: 
Sam Peckinpah

Cast: 
Dustin Hoffman Susan George Peter Vaughan T.P. McKenna Del Henney Jim Norton Donald Webster Ken Hutchison

Disc Features:
* Sam Peckinpah: Man of Iron an eighty-minute documentary on Sam Peckinpah
* Behind-the-scenes footage
* On Location: Dustin Hoffman on the set of Straw Dogs
* New video interviews with Susan George and Daniel Melnick
* Original theatrical and television trailers
* Peckinpah Responds: Select letters to critics and viewers

SYNOPSIS:  
The bonus disc to this 1971 drama starring Dustin Hoffman includes the following special features: Sam Peckinpah: Man of Iron, an 82-minute documentary of reflections by members of director Peckinpahs family, friends and collaborators; On Location: Dustin Hoffman, a 26-minute featurette; behind-the-scenes footage; video interviews with actress Susan George and producer Daniel Melnick; theatrical trailers and more.

Stuff I Want:
I am desperately seeking an invite to BitHQ.
If anybody can help me out you would be doing me a big favor.
