NOTE: Please upload as you download to make this go a fast as possible - it's a large file.

Official Web Site:  www.apple.com/finalcutpro/top-features/

Version 10.0.3 introduces Multicam Editing, Broadcast Monitoring, and more new features that extend the power and flexibility of Final Cut Pro X.

Multicam

Edit multicam projects faster than ever before with a collection of innovative features that provide unmatched speed and flexibility. Select video and photos, then create a Multicam Clip by automatically syncing different angles based on time of day, timecode, markers, or audio waveforms. Play back multiple angles at once in the customizable Angle Viewer, and use the powerful new Angle Editor to dive into any Multicam Clip and make precise adjustments. You can change, add, or delete camera angles at any time and work with different codecs, frame sizes, and frame rates without conversion. When it’s time to cut your multicam project, simply click in the Angle Viewer or use keyboard shortcuts to switch between angles on the fly.

Advanced Chroma Keying

In addition to using the high-quality, one-step chroma key in Final Cut Pro X, you can now access advanced keying controls for color sampling, edge adjustment, and light wrap. Tackle complex keying challenges without exporting to a motion graphics application. And play back results instantly and in context to make critical editing decisions.

What's New:

This update improves overall stability and performance and adds the following features:

* Multicam editing with automatic sync and support for mixed formats,
  mixed frame rates, and up to 64 camera angles

* Advanced chroma keying with controls for color sampling and edge
  quality

* Media relink for manual reconnect of projects and Events to new media

* Ability to import and edit layered Photoshop graphics

* XML 1.1 with support for primary color grades, effect parameters, and
  audio keyframes

* Beta version of broadcast monitoring with third-party PCIe and
  Thunderbolt I/O devices

Includes: Motion 5 [v5.0.2]

Intuitive text and titling. Stunning Apple-designed content.
Drag-and-drop animation. All for Final Cut Pro editors.

Work faster than ever at the highest quality — even with complex projects, large image files, and sophisticated effects. And design with confidence, knowing that colors look identical in Final Cut Pro

System Requirements:

Intel Mac, OS X.6.8 or greater Dual Processor minimum

--- PLEASE SEED ---