Edison Colletion~Jazz and Blues on Edison Volume 1 (Document) [320KB] {MKOP}

Thomas Edison's pioneering Edison Company recorded seemingly everything under the sun between 1914 and 1929, including a host of vaudeville sketches, opera, and classical pieces, string bands, jazz dance bands, political speeches, and even the voice of Edison himself. The company ceased making records in 1929, and packed up its vast and varied catalog in boxes and stored them in an old warehouse until 1976, when Merritt Malvern began the process of transferring everything to archival tape. Most of this material has never been issued in any form, and Document Records has undertaken the daunting task of issuing the best of it on digital disc, including this set of jazz and blues sides, Edison Collection: Jazz and Blues on Edison, Vol. 1, Thomas Edison himself disliked jazz intensely, stating he always played jazz records backwards because "they sounded better that way," but he must have been incredibly open-minded, since his company recorded several jazz outfits. 

A lot of what is collected here has mostly archival value, but there are some undeniable gems, including the simultaneously joyful and mournful "St. Louis Gal" by the Original Memphis Five (who were neither the original band nor from Memphis), Wilbur Sweatman's sinewy "It Makes No Difference Now," Noble Sissle and Eubie Blake's carefully written and arranged "Broken Busted Blues," and the mysterious Helen Gross' odd and willfully maudlin "Undertaker's Blues." Sounding like they have come from a world far distant and lost to us, these sides have gained a kind of freshness because of it, and there is an unhinged joy inside the old grooves. Thanks to Document for taking on the task of bringing these little lost treasures -- all digitally shined up and ready to glow -- into the public arena of the 21st century. ~Steve Leggett (Allmusic)

01. Dixie Land - Lopez & Hamilton
02. Baby's Got The Blues - Genevieve Gordon
03. St. Louis Gal - Original Memphis Five
04. You Gonna Wake Up Some Morning - Ethel Finney
05. Hot Tamale Baby - Andy Razaf
06. Hard Hearted Hannah - Marjorie Royer
07. Temperamental Poppa - Josie Miles
08. It Makes No Difference Now - Wilbur Sweatman's Brownies
09. Undertaker's Blues - Helen Gross & The Kansas City Five
10. Memphis Bound - Viola McCoy
11. Don't Advertise Your Man - Rosa Henderson
12. Broken Busted Blues - Eubie Blake
13. Loud Speakin' Papa - Elsie Clark
14. Everybody Stomp! - Bud Lincoln & His Orchestra
15. I've Found A New Baby - Georgia Melodians
16. Since Me Best Girl Turned Me Down - Winegar's Penn Boys
17. Come On Home - Clarence Williams
18. Wang Wang Blues - Mal Hallet's Orchestra

Music Keep On Playing*Thank You Seeders