Miasmata-SKIDROW [EtGamez]


S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Miasmata (c) onFX Studios

30-11-2012......Release Date - Protection...............Nothing
FPS................Game Type - Disk(s)....................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Miasmata is a first-person survival/adventure game, developed from the
ground-up by brothers Joe and Bob Johnson. You play as Robert Hughes, a
plague-stricken scientist on a journey to discover a cure. Your
adventure begins on the shores of a remote and mysterious island. Long
ago, the island was inhabited by a group of indigenous people, whose
extant monuments still decorate the island landscape. The island is now
home to a scientific research outpost and it is your hope to reunite
with your colleagues working there. Unfortunately, you'll soon discove
that something has gone terribly wrong.

During your adventure, you will encounter a mysterious and deadly
creature. This creature can stalk you for miles, lurking behind grasses
and vegetative cover. By treading carefully and with stealth, you may
be able to elude the creature. If you are careless, however, you will
be forced to confront the creature head-on.

Features:

Experience: An engine built from the ground up, featuring voxel-based
volumetric clouds, advanced water reflection and refraction, volumetric
light-shafts and atmospheric scattering simulations.

Explore: A lush and incredibly detailed natural word. The island
landscape is covered by forests with lush canopies. The terrain
surfaces are blanketed by tufts of moss and grass. The forest floors
have thick undergrowth and are littered with fallen leaves, rotting
logs, stumps and sticks.

Discover: Dozens of camps, outposts and ruins. Find maps, notes and
clues that lead you on your adventure.

Survive: A deadly world. Discover plants and fungi and synthesize them
into life-saving medicines. Find water and shelter to stave off fever,
dehydration and exhaustion. Use stealth and cunning to escape the
deadly creature.

Create: A map of the island using an innovative cartography mechanic.
Use a true-to-life triangulation system to pinpoint your location on
the island and construct a map of the its boundaries, contours an
landmarks.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Block the game in your firewall and mark our cracked content as
secure/trusted in your antivirus program
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups