SPOOKS is the unofficial name for the United States Department of Supernatural Defense (DOSD), a high-tech secret branch of the military that protects American borders from things that go bump in the night.   To be specific:  The United States Department of Supernatural Defense (DOSD) recruits, trains, arms, and deploys specially trained forces based within the nation’s borders in support of national security and defense strategies. To accomplish this, they provide relevant and ready support to commanders whose mission is to keep the country free of supernatural enemies, whether their origins are domestic, international, or otherworldly. 

And when the king of all vampires allies with the deadliest of witches, their terrorist plot unleashes an invasion of classic monsters on U.S. soil, propelling the Spooks team into action.

“This is epic fantasy, but instead of castles and dragons it’s Halloween iconography - vampires, witches, werewolves and the Headless Horseman,” creator Ryan Schifrin noted. “I think of it as G.I. Joe meets Monster Squad, but with massive, Lord of the Rings style battles.”  “Spooks is the ultimate double entendre,” co-creator Daniel Alter explained. “It’s about a covert unit in the government, only their purview isn’t terrorism or drugs or weapons trafficking. It’s things that go bump in the night!”  When asked about the unique military influences of Spooks, writer Larry Hama simply replied by posing the question, “Have you ever wondered what happens when you hit a vampire with a high-velocity discarding-sabot anti-tank round that has an ash-wood stake core-penetrator instead of depleted uranium?”

The torrent includes the full run of Spooks (1-4), as well as Spooks Omega Team (0-4).  

About Omega Team: The DOSD is comprised of several divisions, but the one that strikes fear even into the other battle-hardened SPOOKS agents is Omega Team. They are the elite – the baddest of the bad. They are the SPOOKS assassins - sent in to eradicate the monsters too tough for anyone else to handle - no questions asked, no mercy given. Their missions are strictly black-ops, off-the-books, and highly classified. In fact, there is no official record that Omega Team even exists. 




