Total Recorder VideoPro Edition 
Record Screen Activity. Record Streaming Video. Record YouTube Video.
 
Total Recorder VideoPro Edition is a new edition to the Total Recorder product family that provides recording from any combination of video and audio sources. This edition includes all of the powerful features for working with audio as Total Recorder Professional Edition. To compare different editions of Total Recorder, refer to the Feature Comparison page.
 
The VideoPro Edition allows you to play, record, and edit video files in AVI, WMV or FLV format. You can record screen activity, record from a video device plugged into your computer, such as DV camera, web camera, TV-tuner or DVD player, or background record Internet video streams in WMV format.
 
The Video Add-on is no longer available beginning with Total Recorder 8.0. However, purchasers of previous versions of the Professional Edition and the Video Add-on can upgrade at no charge to Total Recorder VideoPro Edition (read more).
 
Note. The Total Recorder Add-ons greatly extend the functionality of Total Recorder.

System Requirements
 
Total Recorder VideoPro Edition requires the following: 

A sound card. 
32-bit or 64-bit version of Microsoft Windows XP (SP2 or later), Windows Vista, or Windows 7. If you want to use Total Recorder with an older operating system, please follow this link. 
DirectX version 9.0 or later (you can download the update version of the Direct X from the Microsoft website). 
A graphic card that meets the VMR System Requirements. All video cards with the exception of some older cards meet these requirements. 
Specific requirements for hardware resources depend on the operations you plan to perform with video. 

Homepage: http://www.totalrecorder.com/
 
Installation Instructions:
 
1. Install Program and do not restart computer.
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Run application, use given key to register.
4. Restart computer, Done, Enjoy.
 