Peter Schweizer - Do as I Say (Not as I Do): Profiles in Liberal Hypocrisy

128 kbps; Unabridged, Read by Grover Gardner

Overview
Prominent liberals support a whole litany of policies and principles: progressive taxes, affirmative action, greater regulation of corporations, raising the inheritance tax, strict environmental regulations, childrenΓÇÖs rights, consumer rights, and more. But do they actually live by these beliefs? Peter Schweizer decided to investigate the private lives of politicians like the Clintons, Nancy Pelosi, the Kennedys, and Ralph Nader; commentators Michael Moore, Al Franken, Noam Chomsky, and Cornel West; entertainers or philanthropists Barbra Streisand and George Soros. Using publicly-available real estate records, IRS returns, court depositions, and their own published statements, he sought to examine whether they lived by the principles they so forcefully advocate.
What he found was a long list of contradictions. Many of these proponents of organized labor had developed various methods to sidestep paying union wages or avoid employing unions altogether. They were also adept at avoiding taxes; invested heavily in corporations they had denounced; took advantage of foreign tax credits to use non-American labor overseas; espoused environmental causes while opposing those that might affect their own property rights; hid their investments in trusts to avoid paying estate tax; denounced oil companies but quietly owned them.

SchweizerΓÇÖs conclusion is simple: liberalism in the end forces its adherents to become hypocrites. They adopt one pose in public, but when it comes to what matters most in their own lives their property, their privacy, and their children--they jettison their liberal principles and adopt conservative ones. If these ideas donΓÇÖt work for the very individuals who promote them, Schweizer asks, how can they work for the country?

Editorial Review

Forbes Magazine
Here's a book that'll make your eyes pop. The mainstream media love it when notable conservatives get caught not practicing what they preach concerning personal behavior. Prominent liberals often pride themselves on being morally superior to conservatives. Liberals don't admonish others to lead virtuous personal lives, but they constantly excoriate corporations and businesspeople for being greedy, racist and/or heartless, soullessly putting profits before people, fouling our environment and shamelessly exploiting one and all. Liberals are adamant about imposing policies such as affirmative action; they declaim the virtues of labor unions and the need for ever-stricter environmental regulations. As this book engagingly documents, however, these lefties are in many respects even bigger hypocrites than are fallen conservatives. 

Product Details
ISBN-13: 9780767919029
Publisher: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group
Publication date: 10/10/2006
Edition description: New Edition
Pages: 272

Meet the Author
PETER SCHWEIZER is a fellow at the Hoover Institution and the author of several books, including ReaganΓÇÖs War and The Bushes. He lives in Florida with his wife and their two children.