I wish I had more of these, but this is what I've got...

Issues 1-5 of 'Mome'

Fantagraphics Books, 2005-2006, each issues is 120 pages plus


Mome was a quarterly full-color comics anthology edited by Eric Reynolds (comics), and published by Fantagraphics Books. ('Mome' is an archaic term for a fool or a blockhead.)

Mome was conceived as a contemporary literary journal, albeit one that tells its stories via the medium of comics rather than prose. It features stories by a core roster of young cartoonists, including Andrice Arp, Gabrielle Bell, Jonathan Bennett, Jeffrey Brown, Martin Cendreda, Sophie Crumb, Eleanor Davis, David Heatley, Paul Hornschemeier, Anders Nilsen, John Pham, and Kurt Wolfgang; as well as irregular contributions from other cartoonists such as Al Columbia, Jim Woodring and Tim Hensley. Each issue also includes an interview with one of the contributors conducted by Gary Groth.

Mome's final issue, number 22, was published in 2011 and was a 240-page double-sized issue.

MOME Summer 2005 (Vol 1) The debut issue, featuring Gabrielle Bell, Kurt Wolfgang, Martin Cendreda, Jeffrey Brown, Paul Hornschemeier, John Pham, David Heatley, Anders Nilsen, Jonathan Bennett, Sophie Crumb and Andrice Arp. Includes an interview with Paul Hornschemeier and covers by Gabrielle Bell.

MOME Fall 2005 (Vol 2) Tim Hensley makes his Mome debut. Also included - Nilsen, Bennett, Wolfgang, Cendreda, Hornschemeier, Crumb, Bell, Heatley, Pham, Brown and Arp. Plus - A Gabrielle Bell interview and covers by Jonathan Bennett.

MOME Winter 2006 (Vol 3) Featuring Cendreda, Nilsen, Bennett, Heatley, Arp, Bell and Brown. Plus an interview with Kurt Wolfgang, as well as the debuts of David B. (contributing the 36-page 'Armed Garden') and R. Kikuo Johnson. Covers by David B.

MOME Spring/Summer 2006 (Vol 4) Featuring Heatley, Nilsen, Crumb, Cendreda, Bennett, Hornschemeier, Pham, Bell and Brown. Includes an interview with Jonathan Bennett, David B.'s 33-page 'The Veiled Prophet', and R. Kikuo JohnsonΓÇÖs ΓÇ£John James Audubon.ΓÇ¥ Covers by John Pham.

MOME Fall 2006 (Vol 5) Featuring Arp, Nilsen, Crumb, Brown, Hornschemeier, Bell and Wolfgang. Hensley returns with his first 'Wally Gropius' strips, Andrice Arp is interviewed, and Zak Sally and Robert Goodin make their MOME debuts. Covers by Tim Hensley.