The Full Concert of Paralamas do Sucesso feat Titãs in Rock in Rio 2011.
High Quality, 720p.

Rock in Rio:
Rock in Rio is a series of music festivals held in three cities: Rio de Janeiro in Brazil, Lisbon in Portugal and Madrid in Spain. In 2013, Buenos Aires, Argentina, will be the fourth.
Rock in Rio has been the largest music festival in the world, with 1.5 million people in the first edition, 700,000 in both the second and fourth editions, about 1.2 million in the third, and about 350,000 people in each of the 3 Lisbon editions.

Os Paralamas do Sucesso:
Os Paralamas do Sucesso (also known simply as Paralamas) is a Brazilian rock band, formed in Rio de Janeiro in the late 1970s. Its members since 1982 are Herbert Vianna (guitar and lead vocals), Bi Ribeiro (bass), and João Barone (drums). In its beginning, the band combined reggae and ska with rock, but later added horn arrangements and Latin rhythms. The Paralamas are considered one of the original "Big Four" bands of Brazilian rock.
On February 4, 2001, tragedy strikes: Herbert and his wife suffer an accident with an ultralight plane in the Angra dos Reis Bay, Rio de Janeiro, when they were on the way to Dado Villa-Lobos's house. The fall killed Herbert's wife, Lucy Needham Vianna, and left him between life and death. There was a huge commotion in Brazil, as the entire country followed Herbert’s fight for survival in the hospital Copa D’Or, in Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro.
The musician later woke up from his coma, but Herbert found himself in a wheelchair, with difficulties in speaking and playing. Since then, Herbert has achieved great partial recovery, even if he has not yet fully recovered from nerve and brain damage. Despite all handicaps, his musical talent was not incapacitated and, in October 2002, he gradually started rehearsing with his band in his home studio. The result was very good and led to the recording of a new CD titled Longo Caminho (Long Way), with songs composed before the accident.

Titãs:
Titãs are one of the most successful bands in Brazil, having sold more than 6.3 million albums and having been covered by several well-known Brazilian artists and a couple of international singers.

Enjoy!