Foreigner - Cold as Ice [promo].VOB


HQ rare promo music video from a promo DVD. "Cold as Ice" is a 1977 song by British-American rock band Foreigner from their self-titled debut album. It became one of the best known songs of the band in the U.S., peaking at number 6 in the Billboard Hot 100. It was initially the B-side of some versions of the "Feels Like the First Time" 45 rpm single. 

The song was later sampled by Scott Brown in the song "Ice Cold 2". It was also sampled by M.O.P. in their song "Cold as Ice" from the Warriorz album. It is featured in the video game Rock Band 3. 

Foreigner are a British-American rock band, originally formed in 1976 by veteran English musicians Mick Jones, ex-King Crimson member Ian McDonald along with American vocalist Lou Gramm. Foreigner have sold more than 70 million albums worldwide (including over 37.5 million in the United States alone). 

Since its inception, Foreigner has been led by English musician Mick Jones (former member of Nero and the Gladiators, Spooky Tooth and The Leslie West Band) who, in early 1976, met with ex-King Crimson member Ian McDonald and formed Foreigner with Lou Gramm (ex-Black Sheep), Dennis Elliott, Al Greenwood, and Ed Gagliardi as a sextet. Jones came up with the name from the fact that no matter what country they were in, three would be foreigners, because he, McDonald, and Elliott were English, while Gramm, Greenwood, and Gagliardi were Americans. 
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_as_Ice_(song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/AAHgaaaEm 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x480 (4:3) 29.97fps 9500kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 256kbps
   Duration: 00:03:14




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.5


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
	