Cosmic Odyssey is an American science fiction comics mini-series, first published in 1988 by DC Comics.  The limited series was comprised of four 48 page, prestige format, books written by Jim Starlin, penciled by Mike Mignola and lettered by John Workman.  The story tells a story spanning the DC Universe involving a wide variety of major characters including Superman, Batman, and The New Gods.

In Book One:  Discovery, Darkseid finds a comatose Metron and takes him captive. After going over MetronΓÇÖs data, Darkseid makes a startling discovery.  There is something out there more powerful than him and he needs help if he is to conquer it.  Darkseid goes to Highfather.  An ambassador, Lonar, arrives on Earth and asks the President of the United States to help him contact:  Superman; The Martian Manhunter; Starfire; Batman; Green Lantern (John Stewart;) and lastly, an old man with the unusual name of Mr. Blood.

In Book Two:  Disaster, Superman and Orion arrive on Thanagar where they are met with force.  It seems that the Anti-Life Aspect has seized control of the Thanagarians' minds.  Superman reminds Orion of this when the initial fight is over.  Meanwhile, Green Lantern and the Martian Manhunter arrive on Xanshi to discover that the population is suffering from an airborne communicable virus that's killing them.  J'onn surmises that it is the ALA's doing.

In Book Three:  Decisions, Lightray and Starfire receive word about Xanshi while caring for the injured Adam Strange.  Lightray leaves Starfire with Adam to search for the ALA.  Starfire then discovers an oily substance, which attacks her and turns out to be the ALA.

In Book Four:  Death, Batman and Forager crush the Parademon under two tons of equipment.  Joe Bester, the Gotham City Cop, then attacks the two heroes.  He is stronger and faster than Batman expected and itΓÇÖs not until Forager cuts his head off that they know why... Joe Bester was a robot.  Forager dies in an explosion, giving his life to save not only the Earth, but the galaxy as well.

There is a LOT more to this fantastically involved and well written story.  

Please download, enjoy and seed.
