Title: Dreamweaver CS6: Visual QuickStart Guide

Author: Tom Negrino, Dori Smith

Format: .epub, .mobi, .pdf (secured)

Publication Date: June 25, 2012

Length: 528 pages

Language: English

ISBN-10: 0321822528

ISBN-13: 978-0321822529

ASIN: B008CQ8AAG

Description:

With the release of Adobe Creative Suite CS6, Dreamweaver solidifies its role as the de facto tool of choice for anyone designing for the Web. Adobe Dreamweaver CS6: Visual QuickStart Guide uses a combination of task-based instruction and strong visuals to teach beginning and intermediate users how to create, design, and publish powerful, innovative Web sites with Dreamweaver. Leading technology authors Tom Negrino and Dori Smith take you step-by-step through the new features in Adobe Dreamweaver CS6, with completely revised sections on critical tools like styling pages with CSS and adding user interactivity with JavaScript dynamic elements. You'll also learn to take advantage of Dreamweaver's new ability to simultaneously design sites for a variety of screen sizes, including desktops, tablets, and mobile phones. If you're new to Dreamweaver and web design, you'll learn to create your first Web site, add text, style and lay out page content, manage styles, work with links, incorporate images, media, tables, forms, design site navigation, and so much more. If you're an experienced user, you'll find this a convenient reference to the new features of Dreamweaver CS6.

Includes Free eBook and Video Access
In addition to concise, step-by-step explanations of core tools and tasks, with plenty of helpful screen shots to keep you on track as you work, Adobe Dreamweaver CS6: Visual QuickStart Guide includes an hour-long HD video and eBook. In addition to reading about how to use the tool, you can watch it in action. You can also download digital versions of this book to load on the mobile device of your choice so that you can continue learning whenever and wherever you are. We provide you with both the ePub and PDF to ensure that you get the experience that best suits your viewing needs.


Notes:

-The Video QuickStart files are in .qt format and require QuickTime to play.

-The permissions on the .pdf are password-protected by the publisher. I haven't found a way to remove this without having the password, so Acrobat Pro won't let you edit the document, copy/extract single pages, or change the permissions.