Clean- Steinberg

One Window Fits All

Clean! combines all the features needed for transferring any type of audio file to CD. Files are handled in groups, and all their data is stored in Project files. Installation of the software is easy, and it runs from a single well-designed window (one per Project file -- but only one can be open at any one time). The window is divided into four main areas (see screenshot, see previous page). At the top left is the tracklist for the Project, which is where you assemble the files to be included in your CD. Three buttons at the bottom let you Import new WAV files, Remove them from the list, or Delete them altogether from your hard drive (there is also an 'Import Tracks from CD' option in the Import menu for digital audio extraction, if your drive supports it). Once imported, tracks appear in the list itself, and you can then use the familiar set of transport buttons (Stop, Play, Rewind, Previous Track, Fast Forward, Next Track, Record, and Cycle Playback) to audition tracks or record new ones directly to your hard disk.

You can directly edit the Author and Title entries (these are saved in the Project file), and adjust the size of the gap between tracks on the finished CD from zero (no gap) to four seconds (the default value is two seconds). A vertical fader lets you scroll through long track lists, and the two Sort buttons beneath this let you move the currently highlighted track up and down to re-order the Tracks.

Clicking on the Record button starts the recording process, as well as automatically adding a new item at the bottom of the Tracklist. Both Record and Playback levels are displayed to the right of the Tracklist, and beneath the level display are faders to control these levels. It is vital to set up a healthy input level when recording from analogue media to achieve the optimum audio quality in the digital domain, but the Playback level does not affect signal levels, just the output volume from your soundcard.

At the bottom of the window is the Waveform display, complete with zoom In/Out buttons, and a horizontal slider to view different sections of a zoomed waveform. Also neatly integrated into this window are the mouse-grabbable Start and End Markers (which allow you to leave out unwanted material before and after the desired recording), and Fade In and Out markers (dragging these creates a variable-length fade that you can hear in real time). Unfortunately, the transport buttons only seem to work on individual tracks -- you can't hear the transition between one track and the next, which would have made setting up fades easier in the overall context.

Cool Edit Pro 7.9


Today known as Adobe Audition, Cool Edit Pro is a digital audio editing software addressed to amateur music enthusiasts and professional musicians alike. It provides a state-of-the art audio processing environment that includes all the facilities required in music composition.

Cool Edit ProΓÇÖs installation process takes at least a few minutes, most likely due to the impressive collection of effects and presets that it brings along. During this process, a file association dialogue asks you to select the audio formats to be recognized by Cool Edit Pro. 

The application is not at all hard on the eyes, it has a professional, yet cool look that attracts all eyes and all of its features are nicely packed in organized and concise menus.

Standard features include cutting, pasting, cropping and combining audio files in order to create that exact song or special effect you've been concerning yourself with.

Cool Edit Pro (with built-in DirectX support) comes with a bunch of high-quality effects that you can play with, and it can mix up to 64 tracks together. 

With this program you have access to edit files that are up to 2GB in size. The software supports over 25 of the most commonly used formats, and offers audio effects such as 3D echo, equalizer, multitap delay, chorus, distortion and flanger.

Moreover, you can transfer tapes, live performances, Internet radio, LPs, TV, DVD or other audio sources to your drive. What sets Cool Edit Pro apart is the fact that it maintains the quality of an audio file in all its aspects. It even has a click and crackle filter that helps you clean vinyl records, a noise filter for tape recordings, and an option that allows you to remove the vocals of a song.

Bottom line, it is a pleasure playing around with this software. Its ease of use, together with its rich plethora of features make it one of the superior software specialized in audio editing, mixing and recording.


