Test your survival skills while teaming up with unlikely allies in ZombieSmash!
Test your survival skills in ZombieSmash, using allies amazing!
ZombieSmash! is a "Survival Comedy" game, with topics such as the defense of an undead lock and entertaining game elements on a physical basis. For the game cast includes players such as Joey, a lone survivor who must take on a herd of meandering and unrelenting zombies - the undead masses to defend the players they have Flipsen with her fingers and mash until they are ununtot.
• More than 30 specials and upgrades help players in the creative destruction of 
zombies - including those fun elements such as asteroids, wrecking balls, liquid nitrogen and a giant, rolling boulder - make things even more fun, you can Specials combine (for example, a liquid nitrogen-frozen zombie with a crush boulders).
• Sophisticated ragdoll techniques produce unique and super funny zombie death, and 
the protected splatter Engine ™ creates cartoon blood and guts in a convincing and entertaining way
• The four game modes provide unlimited replay value:
o Campaign provides players the challenge of the increasing threat of the zombies more than 31 intense days to survive long, and an additional 30 days in the campaign NEW CAMP NOWHERE.
o Endless victories confronted them with an endless zombie attack - just as long as you can, while the number of deaths increases.
o Sandbox gives you all the tools you need to stinking, moaning zombies under 
heavy fire to take, without you exposing yourself to danger.
o Bonus Nights: crush and blast the zombies in new ways! Try to get access to 
this special way of playing game elements and extended by inserting your ability to think!
• The original soundtrack was produced by famed game music composer Chris Huelsbeck, the talented musician behind the sound of classic games like Turrican, Giana Sisters and the series Star Wars: Rogue Squadron infected.


Note:
1. Download each .apk and SD knowledge
2. Extract SD knowledge thus it remains in its folder like this

com.zynga.zombiesmash
|
|—-> main.xxxxxxxxxx.com.zynga.zombiesmash.obb

xxxxxxxxxx = Version range

3. Move this new folder to your SD card inside the “obb” folder, this may be found within the “Android” folder, that is then found within the root of the SD card. If the “obb” folder doesn’t exist then produce a replacement folder and name it “obb”

sdcard
|
|—-> Android
……….|
……….|—-> obb
………………..|
………………..|—-> com.zynga.zombiesmash
…………………………|
…………………………|—-> main.xxxxxxxxxx.com.zynga.zombiesmash.obb

3. Install the .apk via a file manager or package installer
4. Run game and luxuriate in
ZombieSmash one.0.5