Play as Captain America the First Avenger. Stop the Red Skull!
Sentinel of Liberty features stunning HD graphics! Play as the Super Soldier Captain America in this epic action game. As WW2 rages, Red Skull is leading HYDRA as they build super weapons that will turn the tide of the war. To make matters worse, Falsworth, Dum Dum Dugan and Bucky have been captured. Go behind enemy lines to rescue them and put an end to the sinister plot. Use your unbreakable shield to battle, block, and maneuver your way on what seems like a suicide mission.
SUPER SOLDIER ACTION
Unleash epic combat moves as you take down HYDRA soldiers! Shield slide to traverse difficult terrain, perform takedowns in mid-air or on the ground, and launch your shield for long-range attacks.
TOUCH VISUAL POWER
Spectacular graphics and precise touch controls combine to give Sentinel of Liberty fluid cinematic action. Execute wall runs, slide under traps, and unleash devastating combo attacks with dynamic intensity you can feel.
STORM AND STEALTH 
Take down machine gun wielding enemies and maneuver around land mines on battlefields of WWII. Make your way through the secret HYDRA hideout and take down the evil Red Skull.
MASSIVE DEPTH
24 levels, each with multiple pathways and hidden areas, unfold over three massive episodes. Impressive unlockables, high score leaderboards, and tons of extra features add to the massive gameplay experience
ORIGINAL STORY AND SOUNDTRACK
The action of Captain America comes to life with an original story and script written by Marvel writer Christos Gage. Comic panels by Marvel artists Ron Lim and Christopher Sotomayor and a compelling original soundtrack complete the Captain America experience.
Please Note: Captain America: Sentinel of Liberty is a premium gaming experience featuring high-end graphics. Download times will vary depending on your network connection.
Thank you for playing Captain America: Sentinel of Liberty. BEFORE YOU UPDATE PLEASE NOTE: While this update optimizes the performance of the game and fixes several bugs, it will also delete your saved game progress. To maintain your progress do not update.
Fully tested and optimized on OS 2.2 and up for:
HTC EVO 4G
HTC Evo Shift
HTC INCREDIBLE
HTC Incredible 2
HTC Nexus One
HTC MyTouch4g
Huawei 8800
Motorola Atrix
Motorola Droid Pro
Motorola Droid X
Motorola MB612 XPRT
Samsung Droid Charge
Samsung Epic 4G ΓÇô Galaxy S
Samsung Galaxy S
Samsung i500 Fascinate/Mesmerize
Samsung i897 Galaxy S Captivate
Samsung I997 Infuse
Samsung T759
Samsung T959V ΓÇô Galaxy S
SE Xperia Play (touch screen controls)