
Genre: Adventure / TPP / Detective Mystery
Release Date: June 30, 1995
Compatible With: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (32 & 64 bit)
Languages: English
Developer/Publisher: Sierra / Activision
Game Modes: Single-player

ESRB Rating: MATURE with Strong Language, Realistic Gore, Realistic Blood, Mature Sexual Themes.

---

The Beast Within is the second installment of the trilogy presenting the dark adventures of Gabriel Schattenjger Knight. This time the protagonist is on the trail of a strange wolf, murderer of a little girl. Gabriel was asked to take care of this evil and suspects that this case is paranormal in nature. Together with his assistant, Grace Nakimura, he discovers the dark truth behind the history of Bavaria.

The game employs full motion video technology to its fullest. The actors move through photo-realistic sceneries and every action leads to an FMV sequence. The game is a classic point-and-click adventure where you lead two characters through masterfully designed riddles, tons of life-like detective work and perfectly scripted dialogue. The friendly user interface is a finishing touch making this title a masterpiece you don't want to miss.

Features:
      *A fully cinematic adventure game that lets you play both Gabriel Knight and Grace Nakimura
      *Discover the truth about the death of King Ludwig II and uncover the mystery of Wagners lost opera
      *Explore actual locations in Germany captured in 1000 beautiful, high-res images

---

Minimum system requirements:
Windows XP or Windows Vista
1 GHz Processor (1.4 GHz recommended)
256MB RAM (512 recommended)
3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended)

---

Installation Instructions:

Step 1: Extract part 01
Step 2: Run setup_gabriel_knight_2.exe
Step 3: Follow the installation prompts
Step 4: Enjoy the game!

---

GOG Extras:

14 Page Manual
HD Wallpaper
GOG-style Forum Avatar

---

Note:
If you're having problems running the game through the GOG-included Dosbox emulator, try changing the Graphic Mode or try a newer version of Dosbox from the official dosbox website: www.dosbox.com

---

If you enjoy drm-free gaming with great support and fair prices, please consider visiting www.gog.com and buy games you like, if you feel like it. They deserve your support for doing these awesome releases!