THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Brave XBOX360-SPARE

Since ancient times, stories of epic battles and mystical legends have been 
passed through the generations across the rugged and mysterious Highlands. 
Brave tells one such tale, one of the courageous Merida, who confronted 
tradition and challenged destiny to change her fate. Inspired by the Disney 
Pixar animated fantasy movie, Brave invites players to run, jump and battle 
their way through the rugged landscape of mythical and mysterious Scotland. 
By using wits and bravery, players are able to wield a sword and bow to 
defeat fierce enemies, break a magical curse and save a kingdom.

A third person action-adventure, Brave: The Video Game expands the tale beyond 
the movieΓÇÖs storyline. Gamers can play as Merida, an expert archer and heroine, 
or as one of a host of other entertaining characters from the film. Go on quests 
through a magical world and solve puzzles to uncover secrets. Brave offers a 
gameplay variety including single-player, co-op for family and friends, and a 
special Bear mode, where players will be able to play as a bear. Several new 
opponents have been created exclusively to inhabit the gameΓÇÖs world and challenge 
players with their varying skills, culminating with an ultimate boss battle to 
complete the adventure. And with Kinect for Xbox 360, gamers will feel like they 
are using a bow and arrow in an archery range for a truly immersive experience.

Features:

Play as Merida single-player or in Two-Player as a Will 'O The Wisp

Solve puzzles on your quest

As the best archer in the kingdom use your bow and arrow or sword

Test your aim and compete in archery mini-games using Kinect

Platform: XBOX360
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD2
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Action / Adventure
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-C02B_4FDB772B.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-7337_4FDB772B.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-04FF_4FDB772B.jpg