The U.S. Constitution Class by Michael Badnarik 

The 2004 Libertarian Presidential Candidate, Michael Badnarik teaches his famous class about the Constitution.

If you don't know the difference between a right and a privilege, this is a must see! If you think you know the difference, then answer this question: Is the US a democracy? For the answer (surprisingly), watch this.

BONUS BOOK - “Good to be King: The Foundation of Our Constitutional Freedom”
...is a must read for anyone who cares about the affairs of government. In chapter’s one through eight, 2004 libertarian presidential candidate Michael Badnarik gives his unique introduction to the Constitution and presents a compelling argument of why, in America, you are a king. The next nine chapters Michael breaks down the Constitution with a sheer brilliance that comes with over 25 years of studying the document and the history of these united States. You will learn what this great document does and does not mean. In the remainder of the book Michael exposes corruption and treason within the united States and instead of leaving you with a grim tale of doom and gloom Michael also spells out a non-violent plan of hope that begins with you!

This book provides in depth analysis of the supreme law of the land with legal definitions provided by Black’s Law Dictionary throughout. Each chapter is short and to the point; Michael does not ramble or beat around the bush. This book is written to “edify and entertain school children and seasoned libertarians alike,” as Congressman Ron Paul put it. And instead of telling you to take his word for it, Michael encourages you to turn over every leaf and question all authority including his own. If you would like to experience what our founders entrusted congress to preserve for you, read this book. If you could care less and would rather watch TV than don’t read it and watch your liberties go down the toilet.


Michael Badnarik is a Constitutional scholar, and
the author of Good to be King, a beginner's guide
to the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.

Michael travels across the country teaching his
highly acclaimed class on the Constitution to
growing numbers of people suddenly interested in
"life, liberty, and property". He is also available
to speak to community groups on a variety of
subjects related to private property and individual
rights.

Michael was the 2004 Libertarian nominee for
President of the United States, 2006 Libertarian
congressional candidate in Texas, and was
elected President of Continental Congress 2009,
which met in St. Charles, Illinois to document
government violations of the Constitution.
(see www.ArticlesOfFreedom.us)

Michael has been studying the Constitution, the founding fathers, and the history of the
American Revolution for 29 years. He began teaching very early in life, and has developed
a teaching style that is extremely effective and entertaining. He is the teacher you always
wish you had.