 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114287/

1280 x 544 resolution at 3950k video bitrate 448k 5.1 ac3 6 channel 
surround sound effect audio

subtitles in SRT format for the following language offerings
included here for you:

Croatian Danish Dutch Finnish French Portuguese Romanian Serbian Spanish
Swedish and an English template is included for any languages not already posted


Set in the Scottish highlands it is an interesting movie about a code of conduct,
a code of honour that goes to regimentalize and civilize a mindset that seeks a 
sense of order and predictability amidst much evil and wickedness that such nice 
folk (played by Liam Neeson and Jessica Lange in the plot of the movie)would have 
to confront and negotiate through as treacherous conditions would no doubt see 
them devoured by circumstances. All societies have come though something similar 
in the way of a period of having to calm the waters so that a real sense of 
goodness replaces the rules of engagement that are otherwise based on the morality 
of self interest and basic survival alone. nevertheless that is something and it 
certainly beats being altogether at the vagaries of a completely uncivilized 
setting where no sense of "quid pro quo" is recognized as intelligible by those on 
the stage.


It was heartbreaking to see Liam Neeson's character suffer as much as he does in 
this movie with what befalls his family in what is barbaric cruelty (He has a 
heavy burden that is cruelly and with obvious malice, inflicted upon him that is 
only cathartically set right after great turmoil. Oh well, all is well that ends 
well as they say. This is a movie for fans of Jessica Lange and for those that 
enjoy the banter of discourse of what is civil engagement in what Hobbes would 
refer to a "state of nature" nonetheless.



When asked to define what "honour" is (by his children in this tale)
Liam's character says it is such a quality that requires as well that true
men who possess this quality are rightly protective of womenfolk as is deserved
according to their kind natures as a so created being. Are you folks all 
listening out there today, huh! (equally???) This is certainly in contrast to
the sort of "men" who say they don't recognize men and women differently using
anatomical comparisons even, perhaps (towards the beginning of the movie)

Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo

quoting Liam Nesson in the movie plot:
"honour is a mans gift to himself
Women have the heart of honour
and we cherish and protect it in them
you must never mistreat a woman or malign a man...
or stand by and see another do so..."



note: mature content