OpSantaClaus Wallpaper-Meme
---------------------------

The Mission:
------------
Make this world a better place using nothing more than love.

The Personal Goal:
------------------
To at least make one person or families christmas better this year using my talents, skill, what i have to help them to make their lives easier and happier.

The Universal Goal:
-------------------
Everyone has that person they know of. You might ignore them. You know they are there. They might ask for change, just lost their job, lost a family member. Just something about them this year tells you deep down in the most descent parts of being a human being, that person needs a hand.
They could be a homeless person in need of a warm jacket, blanket and a hot chocolate. This person might need a minor house repair because the family member that would've done it, passed away and this person is lost without.
They could be that homeless family that just lost their house in a fire burning up every possession they own. And there could be a little girl there who simply needs a Barbie or a Dolly of some sort.
These small things we do during these holidays have a way of staying with people their whole lives. A traumatic event is never forgotten at Christmas. Why even 9 years ago I too had a tragedy struck me when my 3 month old Daughter, Alexis, passed away in her sleep 2 weeks before Christmas, completely destroying the world I knew around me....For years in fact...And it messed me up for a very long time. But after the funeral when she was being buried, and all around me I seen was snow. I swore the second I was normal again and could do something i would for someone so they would never feel the way I did that year at Christmas. Presents meant nothing, hugs were bland, hell...what sex...ya know. Nothing was there. And the people who were around me did not help the situation what so ever with their rumors and gossip and just pre-fb bull further making my depression even worse. When i snapped out of it all, I knew. In this great big world there are more people feeling that same way as I did, and I'm going to fix that. And this year of all years we need it now.
This what my plan is this christmas, on a site of 6 million active users, look beyond your flames, barbs of hatred for specific people, pointless nonsense, and give someone a helping hand they just can't even ask for themselves. This world can be changed on an idea so dramatically, let's make sure we have the right one.

I do this in memory of Alexis, and the hopes that media takes notice that not all that are Anonymous, Anonymous supporters, who speak their mind, use a torrent site aren't all evil hackers hell bent on destruction of peoples personal information. Breath out the hate, bring in the love. Share it where ever, don't want the credit, just want the idea out there. Take care kiddies....

PS - Shut up I know it ain't Christmas yet, bleeehh I know already...:D First time in 9 years I officially announce I'm actually doing something big this year for it and wanted to do something right with it...
                    		