Description

View, Edit, and Reverse Engineer EXE and DLL Files.
PE Explorer is the most feature-packed program for inspecting the inner workings of your own software, and more importantly, third party Windows applications and libraries for which you do not have source code.


PE Explorer lets you open, view and edit a variety of different 32-bit Windows executable file types (also called PE files) ranging from the common, such as EXE, DLL and ActiveX Controls, to the less familiar types, such as SCR (Screensavers), CPL (Control Panel Applets), SYS, MSSTYLES, BPL, DPL and more (including executable files that run on MS Windows Mobile platform).

Your Way for Viewing and Editing PE Files
PE Explorer gives you the power to look inside these PE binary files, perform static analysis, reveal a lot of information about the function of the executable, and collect as much information about the executable file as possible, without executing it.

PE Explorer leaves you with only minimal work to do in order to get an analysis of a piece of software. Once you have selected the file you wish to examine, PE Explorer will analyze the file and display a summary of the PE header information, and all of the resources contained in the PE file. From here, the tool allows you to explore the specific elements within an executable file.

Besides being an effective Resource Editor, PE Explorer also provides several tools that elevate it to Power Coder status: an API Function Syntax Lookup, Dependency Scanner, Section Editor, UPX Unpacker, and a powerful yet easy-to-use Disassembler. With PE Explorer you can view and inspect unknown binaries, examine and edit the properties of EXE and DLL files, and correct and repair the internal structures of any PE (portable executable) files with the click of a button. PE Explorer is intended to be used in various scenarios such as software development, forensics practice, reverse engineering, extensive binary security analysis and binary auditing processes.


With PE Explorer You Can
See what's inside an executable and what it does
Change and customize the GUI elements of your Windows programs
Track down what a program accesses and which DLLs are called
Understand the way a program works, behaves, and interacts with others
Verify the publisher and the integrity of the signed executable files
Say good bye to digging through bloated help files just to hash out an API reference
Open UPX-, Upack- and NsPack-compressed files seamlessly in PE Explorer, without long workarounds
Special support for Delphi applications


One Program, Many Tools
PE Header and Section Viewer/Editor
Fast Resource Viewer and Advanced Resource Editor
Exported/Imported API Function List Viewer
Disassembler
Dependency Scanner
Digital Signature Viewer
UPX, Upack and NsPack Static Unpackers
Lots more

Install-
after installation copy pexplorer.lic file in installation folder