The Founding Documents of THE COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA

By
David Eastman
1995

NOTE: this book earned David a term in (and still serving) gaol in Australia.  The documents in this book were believed to be not available to the common man, but once revealed caused the book to be removed from the shelves and technically banned by the Australian Government (Please note the difference between the ΓÇÿAustralian GovernmentΓÇÖ and the ΓÇÿCommonwealth of Australia GovernmentΓÇÖ is to be found with-in this book, the former is a Fiction and later is Lawful) ED. 

FOREWORD
Hundreds of legal documents were involved in the process of creating the Commonwealth of Australia. To have included every one would have defeated the purpose of this book, which is to tell the story of the founding of the Commonwealth of Australia through its original documents, from the first draft of its Constitution in 1891, to the appointment of the first Judges of its High Court in 1903. 
Consequently, only those 50 documents which I considered to be the most important were included. Amongst the documents excluded were the enabling acts for the Constitutional referenda, those which converted the Colonial Governors into State Governors, and those which set up the machinery for the first Commonwealth election. 
Similarly, the commentaries accompanying the documents are not intended to be an exhaustive history of the founding of the Commonwealth of Australia. Their purpose is to bring out the most significant points about each document, particularly those points which have not been generally appreciated until now. 
This second printing includes a further 8 original documents recently located, and improvements in the commentaries. 
The early history of the Commonwealth of Australia is not only full of drama and excitement, but it contains a lot which modern Australians can be proud of. I hope the reader will find that this book helps to bring that history alive. 
David Eastman. 
Canberra, 
1st of January, 1995. 


30.4 Mb
