36 LECTURES

01. Myth and Meaning
02. The Continuing Importance of Myth
03. Creation Myths
04. Mesopotamian Creation—Enuma Elish
05. Hebrew Creation Myths
06. Emergence and World-Parent Creation Myths
07. Cosmic Egg and Ex Nihilo Creation Myths
08. Earth-Diver and Dismembered God Creation Myths
09. Mesopotamian and Hebrew Flood Myths
10. Other Flood Myths
11. Myths of Cosmic Destruction
12. Greek and Norse Pantheons
13. The Great Goddess Remembered?
14. The Goddess—Inanna and Dumuzi
15. The Goddess—Isis and Osiris
16. The Eclipse of the Goddess
17. Shamans and Vegetation Gods
18. Sky Gods and Earth Goddesses
19. Creator Gods
20. Gods and Goddesses of India
21. Hero Myths
22. Mythic Heroes—Gilgamesh
23. Mythic Heroes—King Arthur
24. Mythic Heroes—Jason and the Argonauts
25. The Monomyths of Rank and Campbell
26. Mythic Heroes—Mwindo
27. Female Heroes—Demeter and Hester Prynne
28. Female Heroes—Psyche and Beauty
29. The Trickster in Mythology
30. Tricksters from around the World
31. Native American Tricksters
32. African Tricksters
33. Mythic Tricksters—Eshu and Legba
34. The Places of Myth—Rocks and Lakes
35. The Places of Myth—Mountains
36. The Places of Myth—Sacred Trees



COURSE DESCRIPTION
A warrior embarks on an ocean voyage to retrieve a mysterious fleece and prove his worth. A young man catches the spinning sun with a lasso to slow it down and lengthen the day. A giant boar raises the earth from beneath the sea with its enormous tusks. These are just a few of the thousands of myths belonging to cultures from around the world. They are tales of powerful gods and goddesses, of fearless heroes facing down frightening monsters, of ingenious tricks and epic battles.
But these powerful stories do more than just widen our eyes, catch our breaths, and stretch our imaginations. They are the keys to truly grasping the ways that principles, rituals, codes, and taboos are woven into the fabric of a particular society or civilization. It's through myths that we can answer these and other fundamental questions:

How was the universe created, and why?
What is the purpose of evil in the world?
Why is human society organized the way it is?
How did natural features like rivers, mountains, and oceans emerge?

