Screens: 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=qdyujm69assvtbtkhne4.jpg
 
http://4ufrom.me/viewer.php?file=nuof9zpwjkhuu5shp98z.jpg


Julie Knight | Nicki Hunter | Annie Cruz | Jayda Diamonde | Chastity Lynn | Amy Brooke | Alysa 
| Dee Siren | Roxy Raye | Isabella Clark | Hotkinky Jo | Franceka Jaimes  
  
Director: Jay Sin
  
Studio: Evil Angel Video 


Release Date: 1-18-2012
  
Categories: Strap-Ons | Lesbian 


Run Time: 3 hours 40 minutes



ITEM DETAILS 
  
Description:


To say that director Jay Sin is fascinated with female buttholes is an understatement. Hes made a career of capturing rim jobs, rectal gapes and ass-to-mouth action. Jays new Strap-On Anal Lesbians is a double-DVD set of gorgeous sluts reaming each other with outrageously huge strap-on dildos; it delivers all the eroticism of hard-core rectal sodomy, but with no dicks to spoil the girly vibe! Domineering ballet instructor Franceska Jaimes anally trains soft-assed blonde Chastity Lynn with a riding crop and an enormous rubber cock. Young Chastity turns the tables on the statuesque Latina bombshell, pounding her ass and licking Franceskas cavernous colon. The undisputed queens of insane anal stunts and monster gaping Hotkinkyjo, Isabella Clark and Alysa stretch one anothers winking bunghole, plowing their elastic backsides with impossibly thick, black phalluses and enjoying the flavor of ass. Shorthaired Julie Night and exotic Annie Cruz share ass domination involving milk and whipped-cream enemas plus lots of sensuous butt licking. Latex-clad bitches Nicki Hunter and Dee Siren have a fetishistic bondage date; a perverse vacuum pump swells Dees rosebud to a fleshy bulb. Locker room bad girls Roxy Raye and Jayda Diamonde initiate newby Amy Brooke into a sorority-style lesbian hazing that results in a nasty anal prolapse. A bonus orgy starring lovelies Leilani Leeane, Adrianna Nicole, Gia DiMarco, London Keyes, Sammie Spades, Holly Michaels and Emma Haize is the frosting on this pound cake. Jays irrepressible sluts are strapped and ready for lesbian action!