DVDFab 8 Qt

Overview of DVDFab All-In-One

DVDFab All-In-One includes all DVDFab options in it: DVD Copy, DVD Ripper, Blu-ray Copy, Blu-ray Ripper, Blu-ray to DVD, 2D to 3D Converter, Blu-ray 3D Ripper, DVD Creator, Blu-ray Creator, Video Converter, and File Transfer. 
It is the ultimate solution for you to freely copy, rip, convert, burn, clone any DVD/Blu-ray as desired regarding no limit from any copy protections; convert 2D DVD/Blu-ray/video to 3D video; convert video among various formats with outstanding audiovisual effect, and simply transfer converted files to iPod, Zune, and PSP. All these can be finished with ease, convenience, flexibility in just a few clicks at a super fast speed.
Purchasing this versatile package will save you at least more than 291 US dollars for 1 year subscription, and even more for a longer time.

A Versatile and Complete Combination of All DVDFab Products

A Versatile Combo

-DVDFab All-In-One is a versatile combo with all the current DVDFab products in it: DVD Copy, DVD Ripper, Blu-ray Copy, Blu-ray Ripper, Blu-ray to DVD Converter, 2D to 3D Converter, Blu-ray 3D Ripper, DVD Creator, Blu-ray Creator, Video Converter, and File Transfer.

-Complete and Full Features
This all-in-one package is never a simple version of just some products bundled up with a few functionalities picked out. Instead, it is definitely a perfect integration of all DVDFab products with all full features.

-Money Saving Package
Purchasing DVDFab All-In-One doesn't only mean that you own all the robust functions and neat features of all DVDFab products, it also means that you can save more than 291 US dollars for 1 year subscription at least, and more than 490 US dollars for lifetime to the maximum.


Ultimate Solutions for All Your DVD/Blu-ray/Video Issues

-DVD Solutions
You can use DVD options in DVDFab All-In-One to tackle all your DVD copy/ripping needs. "DVD Copy" option can remove all DVD copy protections and region code to help you freely copy/clone/burn any DVD to any blank DVD disc or to the hard drive on your PC for display or backup. And "DVD Ripper" can rip and convert DVD to almost all popular video/audio formats, also with no DVD protection limit.Blu-ray SolutionsDVDFab All-In-One can solve all your Blu-ray issues with its Blu-ray options: "Blu-ray Copy", "Blu-ray Ripper", "Blu-ray to DVD", and "Blu-ray 3D Ripper". You can copy any Blu-ray the way you like, rip and convert any Blu-ray to various video/audio formats, convert Blu-ray to DVD-Video disc for playback just on DVD player, and convert 3D BD to 3D videos for display on 3D devices. Of course, like DVD solutions, all Blu-ray copy protections and region limits can be get rid of.

-2D to 3D Solutions
2D to 3D Converter can convert a normal 2D DVD/Blu-ray/video to various 3D videos with terrific 3D effect in AVI/MKV/MP4/FLV/M2TS/TS format for playback on computer, compatible 3D TV, or other compatible 3D display devices. 2D to 3D converter works with DVD Ripper, Blu-ray Ripper, and Video Converter and embedded in them as a "2D to 3D" option to accomplish above tasks. 

-Video Solutions
"Video Converter" option converts video among various video and audio formats according to your specific needs for display on various devices. The output effect is excellent with advanced video/audio quality and sync technology.

-File Transfer Solutions
"File Transfer" easily transfers converted files to iPod, PSP and ZUNE. This option will be automatically activated once the pertinent conversion by DVDFab completed, such as conversion from Blu-ray/DVD/video to iPod/PSP/ZUNE.


Notable Features of DVDFab All-In-One


-Strong Power in Protections Removal:
DVDFab All-In-One has the ability to remove nearly all DVD protections like CSS, CPPM, RC, RCE, APS, UOPs, ARccOS, RipGuard, FluxDVD, CORE X2, etc., and can remove all known AACS copy protections, all known BD+ copy protections, region code, BD-Live, UOPs, etc.

-Batch Conversion + Multi-core CPUs + Acceleration High-techs = Fastest Speed
DVDFab All-In-One has faster speed than all its peers. It processes files in batches, supports multi-core CPUs, uses the newest NVIDIA CUDA, AMD APP, Intel Quick Sync acceleration technologies in most of its options, and what's more, the homebrew Lightning-Recoding applied in "Blu-ray Copy" performs well in gaining speed with up to 60% speedup. So, no doubt, you will experience the fastest speed with DVDFab All-In-One.

-User Convenience Is Ensured
The UI of DVDFab All-In-One is intuitive for you to finish all the operations smoothly and successfully; all supported profiles are optimized and preset for you to choose with no need to change anything; you can freely customize if you are not content with the default parameters; during the converting process, you can view the detail progress and set auto shutdown to release yourself from your computer; the built-in codec ensures you a green operating environment; and so on.

Supported OS:

Windows 7/Vista/XP(32-bit/64-bit) 

Homepage: http://www.dvdfab.com/products.htm

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program, Don't run application also don't restart PC 
2. Copy content from crak folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Restart PC, Run Application, Done, Enjoy.