Something Like Summer
Love, like everything in the universe, cannot be destroyed. But over time it can change.

The hot Texas nights were lonely for Ben before his heart began beating to the rhythm of two words; Tim Wyman. By all appearances, Tim had the perfect body and ideal life, but when a not-so-accidental collision brings them together, Ben discovers that the truth is rarely so simple. If winning Tim’s heart was an impossible quest, keeping it would prove even harder as family, society, and emotion threaten to tear them apart.

Something Like Summer is a love story spanning a decade and beyond as two boys discover what it means to be friends, lovers, and sometimes even enemies.

The Premise:
There is no shortage of coming out stories in the gay genre, most of them taking place in high school and culminating with the main character finally accepting his sexuality. With Something Like Summer, I wanted to take a different approach. As the first line of the book states, “This is not a coming out story.” More and more young people are coming out at an earlier age which presents them with a whole new set of challenges. Not only is there judgement from peers, but frustration while waiting for other gay people to come out as well. And high school is just the beginning, which is why this novel also explores the years that follow. Something Like Summer is a romance with healthy doses of sex, laughter, and sometimes even tears. This is a story of feeling alienated, of refusing to be a victim and playing the hero, of obsession and letting go, and how exhilarating it can be to find comfort in the arms of someone that loves you.

The Movie:
Something Like Summer has been picked up by Jade Knight and Blue Seraph Productions  to become a movie and is now in early production stages. You can check out the original announcement of this and the official press release here.

Reviews:
From Rainbow Book Reviews :

“Due to Jay’s easy, understandable style, I was led through the happy times and the sad ones, sometimes by gently holding his hand and in others by gripping it tightly, but what a ride. ‘Something Like Summer’ not only has lots of passion, humor, angst, and twists and turns, it also takes an in depth look at how the choices we make in life affect not only ourselves, but everyone around us.” …read full review 
From ALPHA Reader :

“Jay Bell has written one of the most heart-felt and sincere M/M romances I have ever encountered. This is a love story that spans twelve years – a story all about getting a second chance with ‘the one that got away’.”…read full review 

From Amos Lassen reviews :

“Being a writer of gay literature these days can be very difficult because so much has been done and it is hard to get a handle on something new. Jay Bell has succeeded in giving us a new look at gay romance and love as two discover the meaning of “friends and lovers””…read full review 
Awards:
Selected as one of Amazon’s Best Gay Books of 2011 
Winner of three awards in Goodread’s M/M Romance Member’s Choice Awards:
-Best Story that Should/Must have a Sequel
-Best Young Adult Characters
-Best Cover

Honorable Mention as Best Cover Art in the 2011 Rainbow Awards.