[HotLegsAndFeet] Lucy Heart (Seductress in Mary Jane Shoes! / 27.10.2012)

Russian newcomer Lucy Heart College Plays a Clever Girl Who Goes to the University Clinic to Get Treatment for a Bruise on her Thigh. But she Has an ulterior motive - her Fellow Coeds have Told About her cute Paramedic Choky Ice, and she wants to seduce him! Lucy is quite Actually Experienced in kink as well as fucking, but just for the playfulness of IT, go to Mr See. Ice Dresses she innocently in a Red Plaid skirt, Snow White Thigh High stockings, and Black Mary Jane Shoes. Choky examines her to make sure Everything is in working order Generally, but then When He checks her Bruise, the supposed reason for her Visit, He is Overcome by her fresh-faced sexiness! Soon He's not Only Kissing her Bruise but down her legs and Along the stockings. Lucy Reveals herself as a Lot More knowledgeable than she at first Appears, rubbing HIS Cock with the soles of her Shoes through HIS Trousers and then on the Bare. Short order in her pussy is Also Revealed Choky SO CAN "examine" IT - no Doubt for any pre-orgasmic fluids! Soon Lucy is sucking HIS Dick and Taking IT in her pussy Doggie style on the Exam table. She does Keep rubbing HIS Cock with her ​​Shoes, but finally the Footwear Comes That Choky off SO CAN suck her Toes through her ​​stockings. He Fucks her Spoon-style and with her ​​Riding HIS Meat Like a cowgirl, All the while her stocking-clad Feet Visible for Our Appreciation . Choky When finally peels off her stockings, We See Lucy's very Attractive Size 5/7 soles and her French-pedicured Toes - a Sophisticated style Pedicure Which Gives her away to Choky as far More than the inexperienced student she was Trying to Fool HIM into Believing she was! When she alternately Jacks off HIS Cock with her ​​soles and HIS Blows Meat, she Reveals the Depth of her Fetish expertise ... Which Choky Loves! He Fucks her some More and ends up Giving her a Big load All over her pink wrinkled soles, Which is exactly What she was Hoping for!

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=3jj951hg0mdcp9fi0acu.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=05dazwvrlbkcdcfigh0j.jpg