 Race, crash and hoon your way through a world tour  of  motorised mayhem  in
 DiRT Showdown! Crowd atmosphere,  social gameplay and  accessibility are all
 ramped up in this turbo- injected shot of driving delirium.   Smash down the
 accelerator  and  earn the  adulation of  frenzied crowds at hyper-energised
 events at iconic locations. Trick,  speed  and  smash  your  way to victory,
 then do it again.

 Use boost to blast past your rivals in  races, unleash  your inner  hoonigan
 in huge freestyle, free-roaming stunt parks and  see gaming's  most advanced
 damage engine pushed to its limits in  devastating demolition  derby  events.
 Get your ticket  for this  stunning  new world  of accessible  action-sports
 racing from the makers of the award-winning DiRT series.

 Features:
 ~~~~~~~~~
 * Experience a new world of full impact, no-holds-barred action sports
   racing.
 
 * Push pedal to metal at iconic locations- Miami to London, San Francisco to
   Tokyo and more...
 
 * Wow the crowds at unsanctioned, hyper-energised events with a fair vibe.

 * Demolition Derby themed events, powered by racing's most advanced
   damage model, deliver the ultimate in organised automotive chaos.
 
 * Show off your skills in free roaming freestyle arenas primed for
   automotive tricks and stunts.


Minimum system requirements

    OS: Windows Vista or Windows 7
    Processor: AMD Athlon 64 x2 or Intel Pentium D @3.4Ghz
    Memory: 2 GB RAM
    Graphics: AMD HD2000 Series or Nvidia 8000 Series
    Supported Graphics Cards: ATI Radeon HD2000 Series, HD3000 Series, HD4000     
Series, HD5000 Series, HD6000 Series, HD7000 Series Nvidia GeForce 8000 Series, 9000 Series, GTX200 Series, GTX400 Series, GTX500 Series
    
DirectX┬«: DX9
    Hard Drive: 15 GB HD space
    Sound: DirectX Compatible Sound Card
    Other Requirements: Broadband Internet connection



Instructions:
1)Unrar
2)Run setup.bat
3)Wait 15 Min (or more depending on your pc)
4)Execute the files in support:
DirectX OpenAL Rapture3D andgame_gdf_install.exe
5)Execute flt-d4sdlang.exe to select language
6)Play with showdown.exe


NOTE:UPDATE ALL YOUR DRIVERS BEFORE PLAYING,THIS WILL NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS XP


P.s Gracias Fl0ppy
