Book Description

A comprehensive guide to managing projects, resources, and portfolios using Primavera P6, through version 8.2.

    Get a detailed overview of Oracle Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management.
    Manage your projects from just anywhere using simple e-mail and the P6 iPhone app.
    Learn to create a new project in the P6 Professional Client
    Integrate Primavera P6 with three main ERP systems: Oracle EBS, JD Edwards, and PeopleSoft.

In Detail

In 2008 Oracle acquired Primavera Software, Inc., a leading provider of Project Portfolio Management (PPM) solutions for project-intensive industries.

Primavera P6 Enterprise Project Portfolio Management is an integrated project portfolio management (PPM) solution comprising role-specific functionality to satisfy each team memberΓÇÖs needs, responsibilities, and skills. It provides a single solution for managing projects of any size, adapts to various levels of complexities within a project, and intelligently scales to meet the needs of various roles, functions, or skill levels in your organization and on your project team.

Oracle Primavera P6 Version 8.1: Project and Portfolio Management aims to show you all the features and functionality of the software thoroughly and clearly.

With Oracle Primavera P6 Version 8.1: Project and Portfolio Management, readers will master the core concepts of Primavera P6 and the new features associated with version 8.

This book is divided into two sections, in the first section we learn the fundamental concepts behind managing projects which include organizing projects, adding activities and relationships, assigning roles and resources, scheduling a project, and much more. In the second section we cover portfolio management and how to make the best use of the web client that includes working with portfolios, portfolio analysis, portfolio capacity planning, ROI, tracking performance, and lots more.

What you will learn from this book

    Learn the use of Constraints to tweak Activity dates to reflect the real world.
    Master the real-time reporting features of Project Dashboards
    Create Portfolio Scenarios to capture Portfolio data for comparisons and analysis
    Manage Portfolios and know how to create calculated UDFs to enhance them
    Get to grips with PrimaveraΓÇÖs calculated project-level User Defined Fields
    Organize your projects with EPS (Enterprise Project Structure), OBS (Organizational Breakdown Structure), and WBS (Work Breakdown Structure)
