Mutant Massacre was a major Marvel Comics crossover storyline, which took place during late 1986.  It involved the superhero teams The Uncanny X-Men, X-Factor and The New Mutants.  Power Pack, Thor, and Daredevil crossed over for an issue in their own comic books.

Uncanny X-Men writer Chris Claremont originally conceived Mutant Massacre as a stand-alone storyline that would run in the pages of Uncanny X-Men.  His original intention was for the future Sentinel Nimrod to merge with the alternate universe hero-killing android, The Fury, and gain its abilities.  Nimrod would massacre the Morlock community, critically injuring Nightcrawler in the process.  Shadowcat would drive Nimrod away by phasing through it, only to be trapped in her phased form as a result.  Nightcrawler and Shadowcat would be sent to Muir Island to recuperate, accompanied by bodyguards Colossus, and [new character] Longshot, with the four of them joining up with Captain Britain, and forming Excalibur.  Soon after, Mad Jim Jaspers would ally himself with the recovered Nimrod/Fury and create a Jaspers' Warp, causing reality to break down.  Nimrod would go on a killing spree, causing mutants to flock to the X-Mansion for protection and forcing the X-Men, led by Magneto, to ally themselves with the Hellfire Club.  The X-Men would confront Jim Jaspers in Dallas and join forces with Forge to send Jaspers and the Nimrod/Fury hybrid into The Siege Perilous.  The X-Men would return, retaining the changes each of them had undergone.

However, Claremont was forced to rewrite his initial outline due to Alan MooreΓÇÖs legal dispute with Marvel Comics over UK Doctor Who strips appearing in the US Doctor Who magazine, and decided to split the story into Mutant Massacre and Fall of the Mutants, using the Marauders and The Adversary in place of Nimrod/Fury and Mad Jim Jaspers.

The mysterious Marauders attack a mutant named Tommy and her Hellfire Club boyfriend in Los Angeles for the purpose of following her back to New York and finding the location of the underground mutant community known as the Morlocks.  The Marauders kill Tommy, and hundreds of Morlocks, before The Uncanny X-Men and X-Factor teams arrive and avoid the total slaughter of the Morlocks.  The two teams however do not meet during the battle and suffer crippling losses:  X-Factor's Angel is crucified by The Marauders, while The X-Men's Colossus, Shadowcat, and Nightcrawler are all severely wounded.  X-Factor's casualties are less due to the arrival of Power Pack and Thor.

Thor uses his powers to cleanse the dead from The Morlock tunnels with fire, which causes problems for The X-Men, who briefly believe that the firestorm was caused by The Marauders and believe that The New Mutants died in said fire.

Meanwhile, Wolverine saves Power Pack from The Marauder, Sabretooth.  After the fight, Sabretooth follows Logan home to the X-Mansion.  He destroys Cerebro, but is kept from hurting the other Morlocks when Psylocke engages him in battle.  Wolverine, and the rest of the X-Men, arrive and Sabretooth falls off a nearby cliff in order to escape The X-Men, but is pursued by Wolverine.  As the fight continues in the ocean, Psylocke is able to glean some information about the Marauders from Sabretooth's mind.

To find out who all lives and who all dies, and how this saga ends, I present this torrent to you (created upon request) for your downloading and perusing pleasures.

NOTE:  These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners (and of course the authors, artists and publishers,) please.

Enjoy, and please seed.

