Gary Numan - Complex [promo].VOB


Very HQ promo music video from a promo DVD. "Complex" is a song by British musician Gary Numan. A recording of it appeared on his 1979 album The Pleasure Principle; it was also released as a single in the UK, where it was a number-six hit.

The recording's backing track uses conventional acoustic drums, acoustic piano, and electric bass guitar, however the distinctive lead parts are performed on violin, viola and heavily flanged and reverberated analogue monosynth, an unusual combination in popular music.

Lyrically, the song alludes to a psychological complex, expressing a paranoia that might have been directed at critics, fans, stalkers or false friends, depending on one's point of view: 

Please keep them away 
Don't let them touch me 
Please don't let them lie 
Don't let them see me 


A BBC Radio 1 review panel speculated that this song was "the first electronic ballad", although this is untrue, as it post-dates recordings such as "Hiroshima Mon Amour" by Ultravox and "Neon Lights" by Kraftwerk by a couple of years.

Numan rarely performed "Complex" in concert throughout the '80s and '90s, with versions appearing on the recently re-released and expanded 1980 recordings captured on Living Ornaments '80, as well as the Micromusic video from his final Wembley Arena concert in 1981 and its CD counterpart Living Ornaments '81. He revived the song on stage in September 2003, as captured in the "Hope Bleeds" DVD and CD.

Gary Numan (born Gary Anthony James Webb on 8 March 1958) is an English singer, composer, and musician, most widely known for his chart-topping 1979 hits "Are 'Friends' Electric?" (as Tubeway Army) and "Cars". His signature sound consisted of heavy synthesiser hooks fed through guitar effects pedals.

Numan is considered a pioneer of commercial electronic music. His use of themes from science fiction, and his combination of aggressive punk energy with electronics, have been widely imitated.
(video does not have any logos)


    
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex_(song) 
      
http://bayimg.com/AAAjbaAEC 
   


File properties info using Media Player Classic: 
   Video: MPEG2 Video 720x576 (4:3) 25fps 9000kbps
   Audio: Dolby Digital AC3 48000Hz stereo 448kbps
   Duration: 00:03:10




*Install the "Media Player Classic" player if you can't play this file, 
or for better visual and audio quality playback of all your videos. 
It's 100% free to download and use. Latest stable build is v1.6.2


*Media Player Classic Home Cinema*  
http://mpc-hc.sourceforge.net/ 


SgtRlee (Sgt.R.Lee) 
