The Dish (2000)

Original Quality: Standard DVD Rip 512x280 760kbs

Sample and Main movie video modified with Avidemux 2.5
Resolution (280 to 480) and sharpened slightly.

Final Quality
Video: XVID 880x480 23.98fps 392Kbps
Audio: MP3 Stereo 44.1 KHz 16 bit 128 Kbs

Language:	English
No Subtitle file or Hard Coded Subtitles
   
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0205873/

THE DISH
2000 - Australia 

Director: Rob Sitch 
Starring: Sam Neill, Kevin Harrington, Tom Long, Patrick Warburton, Genevieve Mooy, Tayler Kane, Billy Brown, Roy Billing, John McMartin

- Reviewed by Tim
The Dish is based on the true story of an Australian antenna dish that broadcast the Apollo 11 landing.  The oddity of the dish is that it’s placed in the middle of a sheep paddock. (Yes, that would be a working sheep farm all around it.) Well maybe it’s not just about the dish, but the key players who made it happen (who just happen to be a very quirky bunch). This movie is more of a human comedy rather than a space flick. There is some interesting information about satellite dishes, but not to the depths of a sci-fi movie. Although the Apollo landing is the main focus of the characters, it plays a secondary role in how this story is told.  

Sam Neill plays Cliff Buxton, who has negotiated with NASA to have this particular dish become the primary signal source when Apollo 11 is in the Southern hemisphere. He is a very amiable person, but has a sadness behind his eyes that seems to drive him.

 Al Burnett (Patrick Warburton), a stressed American NASA official, is sent to OZ to oversee the operations of the mission. He seems to be clinched pretty tight and always wants to double check everyone’s work to make sure it’s done correctly. He learns to loosen up and go with the flow when he is forced to lie to NASA.

Mitch (Kevin Harrington) and Glenn (Tom Long) round out the quartet. Both are quite likable characters and you get the impression that they are the backbone of the whole operation. Mitch tries to buck the system and wants his opinion heard and respected. Glenn is the quiet, mousy type that flies under the radar but knows what he’s doing. Well he knows what he’s doing when it comes to the dish, but has no clue about how to relate to the girl who has crush on him.

The supporting cast is rounded off by some over-the-top characters. The Prime Minister (Billy Brown) is portrayed as a booze swilling apathetic guy who only wants the international recognition. The Mayor (Roy Billing) is played as somewhat of a clueless man that has this all happening around him and no control over any of it. Much of the humor is Aussie in nature and very witty, but as it is explained to Al Burnett, it is also explained to you.
All in all, The Dish is a cute movie that is a nice diversion for a couple of hours, but you may end up forgetting about it the next day. It’s worth a matinee or a rental later. If you’re going to a movie with your mom or something like that, this may be a good choice since there is no death, swearing, violence or nudity. Good clean fun for the whole family!
