Penny and her natural huge tits, is brutally ass fucked, throated, made to squirt!  Penny Pax | Matt Williams

September 14, 2012 
 
   
MP4 only.  
    
 
Penny Pax is back and this is her most extreme scene for Sexually Broken, if you can believe that. You have seen her other updates so you know this is going to be good!

This entire scene is entitled to the coveted category 5 rating. Penny is brutally ass fucked, throated, made to cum over and over with screaming squirting orgasms. Penny is never given a chance.

She is severely but comfortably bound in the ultimate "fuck me" position. Penny is completely helpless in the traditional Japansee box tie. Her huge natural breast are tightly bound. Her ankles are bound to her neck. She is one tiny ball of helplessness with all holes available. Penny can do nothing, not even move in the slightest. Every hole she has is about to be fucked deep and hard.

We toss Penny around like a sexual rag doll. Non-stop brutal fucking. We fuck her pussy until she cums. We flip her over and skull fuck her into subspace. We flip her back over and fuck her even harder, rinse repeat. Penny can't stop cumming, she can barely catch her breath. Our assault is devastating. Her orgasms become more violent. She is just 3 holes that can't stop cumming. 

We finger blast her ass and make her squirt out of her pussy, then the cock just slides balls deep into her ass for a butt fucking worthily of a Olympic medal. Penny has no choice but to take it. She is in survival mode, screaming and cumming, that is all she knows. Her brain is broken, more fucking, more throating, more ass pounding. We vibrate her clit too and she cums yet again. Liquid is dripping out of every hole her body has, when we hike her up into a Category 5 suspension to hang around until we want another go... 
 
Screens 
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/09_14penny3/SexuallyBroken-Penny-Pax-Matt-Williams-Penny-and-her-natural-huge-tits-is-brutally-ass-fucked-throated-made-to-squirt.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   

Cheers  :-)

