Out of the Batman legend rises, Azrael.

Azrael was an American comic book ongoing series, published by DC Comics based on the character, Azrael.  The name, inspired by the Islamic Angel Of Death, is primarily associated with two characters:  Jean-Paul Valley and Michael Lane.

Several centuries ago, the Templar knight Dumas left the group to found his secret society named, The Sacred Order Of Saint Dumas.  They pillaged villages for their wealth, and came upon the fabled Treasure of King Solomon.  Using this capital, their secret society began collecting information for its own, personal agenda, and researched technology that would advance them beyond the rest of the known world.  To guard this power, The Order created Azrael.

The source of Azrael's abilities is a post-hypnotic training regimen known as, The System. The details of The System are never fully explained, but it is understood that training begins before birth and includes genetic modification, prenatal electric shock, and the use of apes as surrogate mothers.  The end result is a human being who is inhumanly strong and fast, and has a raging split personality triggered by the donning of the Azrael costume.  The split personality is apparently coached to believe it is an actual Biblical angel of vengeance.

The original costume of Azrael consists of special red and gold armor.  Eventually, Azrael dons silver and black armor with a red cape and a stylized red bat symbol on the chest.  Later, he wears red armor with golden gauntlets, boots, shoulder pads and a blue cape.  He sometimes carries a flaming sword, and also uses two retractable daggers hidden in the gauntlets of his costume.  On page 71 of the updated edition of Batman:  The Ultimate Guide to the Dark Knight, Scott Beatty implied that the changing costumes of Azrael were reflections of the changes in his life from an agent of St. Dumas, to an agent of the Batman, to his own man.

The character first appeared in the series Batman: Sword of Azrael, as Jean-Paul Valley, in 1992.  Azrael then became a supporting character in the monthly Batman titles, eventually taking over the role of Batman through the Knightfall, Knightquest, and KnightΓÇÖs End story arcs.

The subsequent Azrael series, chronicling battles against The Order of St. Dumas, ran for 100 issues between 1995 and 2003.  Starting with issue 47, it was retitled, Azrael:  Agent Of The Bat, in an attempt to boost sales by tying the series in with the rest of the Batman mythos, including Azrael as part of the team of Batman, Robin, and the new Batgirl, Cassandra Cain.

Michael Lane is introduced as Azrael in May, 2009, in a three-issue mini-series written by Fabian Nicieza entitled, DeathΓÇÖs Dark Knight.  This series is part of the Battle For The Cowl storyline.

Azrael has not yet appeared in the rebooted The New 52 continuity, and the publisher has made no formal statement on future plans regarding him.

For your downloading and perusing pleasures, this torrent contains ALL issues of both volumes; the three Annuals; and some Azrael Events, too.

These are not my scans.  All praise and glory to the original scanners, please.

Enjoy, and please seed.
