DoodleFit 1.0 Cracked from Mac App Store.

0,79 €
Catégorie : Jeux
Sortie : 20 janv. 2012
Version : 1.0
Taille : 56.6 Mo
Langue : Anglais
Éditeur : Gamelion Studios Sp. z o.o. (LLC)
© 2012 Gamelion Studios
Classé 4+
Configuration requise : OS X 10.6 ou une version ultérieure, un processeur 64 bits

Description

WARNING: May Cause Doodle Fit Addiction!!!
"It’s easy to toss out the word "addictive" in reviews of puzzle games, but this one really is." - AppleGazette

---

Doodle Fit – the mobile phenomenon and multi-million selling franchise – is here on the Mac App Store for every Mac user to enjoy!

Find out why millions of players across the world call Doodle Fit one of the most unique, fun and enjoyable experience on the iPhone and iPad!

GAME DESCRIPTION

The task in Doodle Fit is simple: fit the given set of blocks into the given shape. Drag the blocks into positions in search for the layout that fills the whole shape. A level is complete when all blocks have been used and there is no more space free in the shape. Sounds easy? It is, at the beginning, but gets more and more engaging an addictive with every new puzzle. And there are hundreds of them!

KEY FEATURES

- Absolutely addictive gameplay – everyone playing this game will confirm: it's one of the most addictive puzzle games on the planet.

- Unique level shapes – Many levels with different unique shapes and even more different solutions for replayability that is truly huge.

- Doodle Graphics – beautiful looking doodle-style graphics with several themes including: notebook, chalkboard, winter, old paper, red leather, valentine's day, nature, sci-fiction and more!

- Perfect controls – you can drag and drop puzzles and you can also DRAW shapes in the grid. Choose your way to enjoy Doodle Fit.

AVAILABLE IN APP PURCHASES:

- You can't figure out the solution? No problem - purchase Unlimited Hints and solve all the puzzles!

- Can't wait to see all the beautiful themes? Purchase Unlock All Levels to unlock all packs right away!

DOODLE FIT GUARANTEE

Once you start playing you won't be able to stop!

---

ABOUT GAMELION

Remember to join our Fan Page on Facebook for latest updates on our games, previews and hints:

Or if you use Twitter, follow us at

Contact us via Email:
info@game-lion.com