Adding this because it's almost impossible to find with English subtitles.

On the whole I think the film's portrayal of the lives of those
involved in the Vajont disaster -- and of the events leading up to it
-- was good. However, there are quite a few technical inaccuracies and
some of the characters are partially fictionalised.

The film twists the facts a bit to follow a more stereotypical disaster
movie plot & build up the tension, portraying the engineers as worried
and afraid when in fact they were calm and confident that they were in
control of the situation right until the end. The film makes a drama
about the water level, and that the water level was slightly over the
critical 700m mark when the landslide took place, suggesting this was
the cause of the disaster. In reality the engineers had already taken
the water down to SADE's critical level - 25m blow the dam crest.
However, the probelm was that the "critical" level simply didn't apply - the flood was caused by the speed of the landslide when if finally happened, which no-one had predicted correctly.

The special effects are best when they are subtle - for example in
visualisations of the dam and the village of Longerone during the first
ninety minutes or so of the movie. However, in the finale, they failed
to convey a sense of the awesome power this flood really had. We are
talking about a 150m high wave of solid water coming over the top of
the dam, then being funnelled down the narrow gorge beyond at 140 km/h.
In the film it initially looked like buckets of water being thrown at a
model in slow motion. The spray particles were too large, and there was
no dark mass of water behind the spray. The only time it looked
frightening was when we were given a glimpse of the wave racing down
the narrow gorge, preceded by an enormous, howling rush of air tearing
the valley sides apart and carrying debris along with it. This air
blast was also depicted arriving in the village below, like a sudden
hurricane falling upon the bewildered villagers. Another nice touch was
the blue flashes seen by the villages up in the valley at night, at the
moment of the landslide, caused by the collapse of powerlines. This was
a frightening premonition of the destruction that followed.