Anvi Smart Defender 1.0 RC2
 
New Generation Smart Security Engine Powerfully Protects Your PC from Malware, 

Anvi Smart defender delivers smart and powerful protection against malicious 

software. such as virus, Trojans, adware, spyware, bots and other threats. 

Designed to: Protect, speed up, and optimize your PC. Version：1.0 RC2 | 

Size：31.2M 

You can download from here direct:
 
http://www.anvisoft.com/product/smartdefender.html

or download it from CNET site: 
 
http://download.cnet.com/Anvi-Smart-Defender/3000-8022_4-75628502.html

What Makes Anvi Smart Defender Stand Out? 

Anvi Smart Defender delivers smart and powerful protection against malicious 

software, such as virus, Trojans, adware, spyware, bots and other threats. With 

the Smart-Engine, it scans and detects these threats fast and lightly. It adds 

system optimization function to speed up your PC and provides cloud scan feature 

to protect your PC more effectively. 

 Powerful Guard 

Anvi Smart Defender detects and stops the latest and most malicious threats 

attacks. Integrating multiple guards (Privacy Guard, Startup Guard, Process Guard, 

Behavior Guard, Files Guard), it stops and blocks malware. When you are surfing, 

shopping, charting, socializing, sharing or banking, overall guards protect your 

PC from malware efficiently than traditional security software.

 Fast & Light Scan 

Anvi Smart Defender with its smart engine scans and detects latest malware in a 

fast, light, and effective way. It will not interfere with your working when it is 

scanning, just let it run slightly on background.

 Innovative Cloud Computing Technology 

Anvi Smart Defender adopts creative cloud computing technology to give your PC 

more protection. Upload the suspicious file with a smart way, you can get the 

cloud security report and discover the newest threats at the first time. 

 Adds PC Care

Besides protecting your PC from malware, Anvi Smart Defender optimizes your 

computer in several aspects (System Optimize, Registry Fix, Privacy Cleaner, 

Memory Sweep, and Disk Defragment).

Key Features and Benefits：

 Fast & Light Scan

With the creative smart engine, it scans and removes deepest infections in a very 

fast and slight way. It won’t disrupt you when you are working with your PC 

because it will not take up much memory when it scans and removes.

 Powerfully PC Security Care 

Adding the latest threats into our database regularly, it protects your computer 

from infecting in an effectively.

 Free Real-Time Protection

It protects your computer by many guards function, including privacy guard, 

startup guard, process guard, process guard, behavior guard and files guard. All 

these real-time protection function are absolutely free.

 Compatible with All Antivirus Products

It works well with leading antivirus products. And Anvi Smart Defender is the best 

choice of assistant with your security suite.

 One-Click Solution for System Care

You only need to click "Care Now", it will scan and repair system problems 

automatically to improve your PC performance.

 Free Technical Support

We supply free e-mail and forum support. Join in for Free!
 
