Folder Lock v7.1.1 Incl Serials ~HuNtEr~

Lock! Encrypt! Backup! Anywhere. Anytime.

Folder Lock is a full-suite data security solution for Windows 7.0, Vista and XP (including their 32 and 64 bit variants.) Folder Lock is the world leader in data protection with more than 25 million downloads so far. It is the most comprehensive solution for data security available on the internet.

Folder Lock comes with a perfect combination of seven (7) security tools, letting you encrypt your important files using 256-bit on-the-fly encryption; back them up in real-time to an online storage, and store them to any portable device. The program also lets you lock files, folders and drives; save your personal information in Wallets; shred files and clean your Windows History.

Folder Lock comes with additional security settings unheard before, including application level password security, stealth mode, hack security and auto protection. Folder Lock works under all flavors of 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows 7/Vista/XP and later.

What's New

With Folder Lock 7, you can lock, hide and password protect your files and folders instantly by drag and drop. You can easily run locked files by simply double clicking them in the list without any need to unlock them. Furthermore, Folder Lock can now not only encrypt your data, but also make encrypted and automatic backup of that data to your secure backup account. This service, when used in conjunction with Folder Lock 7, offers the greater benefits of a simultaneous, automatic and real-time encryption and backup, providing both secure backup & recovery redundancy and the fastest data protection without the high cost.

Your encrypted storages 'Lockers' are now truly dynamic, portable, faster, occupy lesser space and grow automatically when you add more files. You can now also open your Lockers from network locations and servers and can allow several users to store their data in them at the same time by setting Windows privileges on the mounted drive. You can also open multiple Lockers at the same time to transfer files between them. Furthermore, you can convert your Lockers to encrypted executable files using the 'Protect USB/CD' feature and can keep them in portable drives and access your data without requiring admin privileges and installation on other PC. Folder Lock 7 is better, faster, more feature-rich, user-friendly, and has a better and bigger user interface

Scanned with avg [ Clean ]

Use Key provided to register the app


~HuNtEr~