Spec Ops The Line (2012) [PCDVD][MULTi7]
 
http://www.3djuegos.com/7427/spec-ops-the-line/

Released: 2012
Genre: Action (Shooter) / 3D / 3rd Person
Developer: Yager Development
Publisher: 2K Games
Publisher in Russia: 1C-SoftKlab
Platform: PC

Publication Type: License
Language: Russian (RUS), English (ENG), German (DE), Spanish (SPA), French (FRE), Italian (ITA), Japan (JAP)
Language: English
Tablet: (SKIDROW)
Size: 6.69 Gb

Description: Spec Ops: The Line - an unusual cinematic third-person shooter that forces you to engage in confrontation not only with real opponents, but even with their own principles. Prepare to be in a world where there is no place the concept of "morality" and at every step we have to choose - who live and who die. Dubai has been wiped from the face of the Earth's horrific cataclysm. The unprecedented dust storm turned the once magnificent city in ruins. And now you in the role of Captain Martin's Delta Force squad to go to Walker abandoned the territory to find and return the home of Colonel John Conrad.

Features:
- History by Martin Walker is not just force you to choose between "right" and "necessary."
- Arena for a special operation will be the ruins of Dubai - the city that once drowning in luxury and known as the most chic place on earth. At every step there is mixed with the splendor of the destruction, and preserved within the fine structures hidden death.
- An important factor in the battles of Spec Ops: The Line serves the sand. Accurate shot can often radically change the course of the battle. Sands like living in Dubai - this uncontrollable and unpredictable force can both help you and destroy you.
- Even in the most heated skirmishes will always be close companions managed by artificial intelligence.
- An exciting storyline campaign complement a variety of network modes, among which there are versions of both classic and unique modifications associated with the development of the main plot. You can choose one of the two sides of the conflict, to personalize your character and customize it to fit your own style of play.

System requirements:

Minimum:
OS: Windows XP SP3
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2Ghz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 equivalent
Memory: 2 GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 6 GB free
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 8600 / ATI Radeon HD 2600XT (256 MB memory)
DirectX ┬«: 9.0
Sound: DirectX Compatible

Recommended
OS: Windows Vista / 7
Processor: 2.4 GHz Quad Core processor
Memory: 3 GB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 10 GB free
Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GTX / ATI Radeon HD 4850 (512 + MB memory)
DirectX ┬«: 9.0
Sound: DirectX Compatible