THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Silent Hill Downpour XBOX360-COMPLEX

Staying true to the franchiseΓÇÖs original roots, this eighth installment of 
the Silent Hill franchise returns with an all new thought-provoking horror 
storyline. Players will once again find themselves face to face with their 
deepest sins and fears in the strange world of Silent Hill.

The survival horror experience begins after a prison transport vehicle careens 
off the road, leaving lone inmate Murphy Pendleton stranded in Silent Hill. 
Gamers will encounter mind bending puzzles, as well as horrific creatures and 
other world terrors using everyday objects from wooden chairs to glass bottles 
to fend off their enemies. The natural response, fight or flight is left to 
the player as they unravel a dark, thought provoking storyline which will 
appeal to fans of the early, classic Silent Hill series, as well as anyone 
who enjoys a deep, psychological horror experience. In addition to the main 
storyline, players will also be presented with variable side quests along the 
way that can change depending on their play stylerevealing unknown evils within 
the town.

Features:

All new and updated Silent Hill experience that visually stands on its own with 
the current competition. Utilizing Unreal 3 technology, the game brings the town 
of Silent Hill, its characters, the creatures and the alternate hell world into 
vivid and spectacular display.

Free-roaming and deep exploration that will take players into all new Side Quests 
unlocking areas within the game, special items and bonus content.

An ever-changing game world including day and night Normal world and Otherworld 
world, all manifested and sourced from character actions throughout the game.

First-time ever 3D technology will bring Silent Hill a step closer to the player 
with three dimensional immersion.

Platform: XBOX360
Format: XGD2
Region: Region Free
Size: 1DVD
Language: English
Genre: 3rd Person, Action, Horror
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-2EFD_4F5B5391.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-C190_4F5B5391.jpg