Sleeping Dog Patch 1.5 Change Logs & Improvements :

Stability
Improved CPU timing to reduce issues where the game plays too quickly
Various fixes to improve stability and minimize crashes during gameplay
Fixed an issue with the Bink video player which may improve stability during in-game videos such as the title screens

Controls & Camera
New option added! Aim Soft Lock: Lets the player enable or disable aiming assistance from the game
New option added! Mouse Free Look: Enables/disables camera auto-centering behind the player when using the mouse and on foot
New option added! Mouse Raw Input: When enabled, input is sampled directly from the mouse which improves responsiveness and accuracy on supported mice
New option added! Mouse Sensitivity: A modifier that determines how much speed is recorded from mouse movement
Mouse camera logic has been reworked for improved precision (independent of the raw mouse input option)
The Action Hijack binding is now independent of the Sprint/Parkour key value
While driving players can now use the mouse to look up and down
While driving the camera no longer immediately auto-centers when you stop moving the mouse
The high-speed camera shake while driving has been reduced
Mouse sensitivity no longer differs when Wei is and isnt carrying a gun

UI
Front End screens now support a button help bar that is fully interactive via mouse
Users are now able to exit screens by pressing the Back button
Corrected all issues when exiting a screen using the Backspace and Esc keys
Its now possible to switch sections by clicking on the corresponding icons or tab headers
The mouse wheel will scroll through all relevant lists in the user interface
Mouse hit regions have been fine-tuned throughout the front end to improve user experience

Installation Notes for Sleeping Dogs Update 1.5 :

1. Download torrent
2. Run Sleeping.Dogs.v1.5.Update.exe
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder to the main install
folder and overwrite
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice.

You donΓÇÖt need to have any of the previous updates installed, as this
update is featuring all previous updated content.
