ok,so this is the travis chase triology by patrick lee. it includes the breach,ghost country and the last book - deep sky. i have combined all 3 books into an omnibus.

formats - epub, mobi and txt.

1: The Breach


Travis Chase, a man putting his life back together after fifteen years in prison, takes a solo hike into the Alaskan Rockies. He's just looking for a quiet place to think about his future, but what he finds is trouble: a 747, downed in remote wilderness, the wreck impossibly undiscovered by authorities. Those aboard are dead, though not because of the crash. They've been shot.

This aircraft, along with the terrifying object it was transporting, is only the beginning for Travis. Within hours he finds himself at the center of a violent conflict that spans the globe, and a secret war that dates back three decades. A war for possession of radically advanced technology—that wasn't created by human hands. 

2: Ghost Country


A piece of impossible technology has fallen into Travis Chase's hands: a device that opens a doorway to a point seventy years in the future. What Travis finds on the other side are the long-abandoned ruins of our world, devoid of any human presence. Now, with the only two people he trusts, he begins a search of the ruins, in the hope of discovering what will end our world—and how we might yet avoid it.

But the investigation touches a nerve almost at once, not in the future, but among powerful people in the present day. People who are hiding the very secret that will crash our civilization. For Travis and his friends, the race is on to solve a global-scale crime that hasn't even been committed yet. A murder mystery with the whole world as its victim. The action straddles the present day and the devastated future, ranging from the crumbling and forested remnants of Washington, D.C. and Manhattan, to the eerily well preserved sprawl of Yuma, Arizona, a bone-dry city where the last newspapers ever printed remain intact and legible among the ruins. And they're dated just a few months from now. 

3:  Deep Sky


The anomaly called the Breach is the government's most carefully guarded secret.

But there is another secret even less known... and far more terrifying.

In the aftermath of a brutal attack on the White House, a cryptic message is discovered, left behind by the perpetrator: "See Scalar."

Now Travis Chase of the covert agency Tangent—caretakers of the Breach and all its grim wonders—along with Paige Campbell and Bethany Stewart, has only twenty-four hours to unearth a decades-old mystery once spoken of in terrified whispers by the long since silenced. But their breakneck race cross-country—and back through time and malleable memory—is calling the total destructive might of a shadow government down upon them. For Travis Chase has a dark destiny he cannot be allowed to fulfill. 

enjoy.