Assassins Creed III RePack-RG Mechanics


Information:


Year of Manufacture : 2011 
Genre : Action / 3D / 3st Person / Stealth 
Developer : Ubisoft Montreal 
Publisher : Ubisoft 
Publisher in Russia : Akella
Publication Type : RePack Rip 
Language : English / Russian
Sound language : English /Russian
Installer Language: Russian
Tablet enclosing: Crack V2 P2P


Description:


Connor freedom-assassin raised in the tribe and learned to survive and hunt in 
the wild, the son of a Templar, does not tell us that you'll play for a traitor, because he does not share the interests of the father, but the goals are common there. Instant Death mom reframes on the life of little Conor and you start way 
from the boy to the war.


System Requirements:


Operating system : Windows Vista (SP2) / Windows 7 (SP1) / Windows 8 
Processor : Intel 2.6 GHz Core 2 Quad Q9400 or 3.0 GHz AMD Phenom II X4 940
Memory : 4 GB 
Video : 1024 MB DirectX 10 with Shader Model compliant 5.0 or higher 
Sound Card : Sound device compatible with DirectX 9.0c
Free space on hard drive : 16 GB


RePack Features:


Assassins Creed III Rip
Version of the game - 1.01
Cut multiplayer
Do not recoded


Installation Steps:


1. Install (Installation is a Russian language, but Game is fully English)

2. Copy Localization.lang Copy to the installation folder

3. Start Uplay.exe through desktop and let the update run.
and create an account now if you have not already.

4. Now Close Uplay

5. Copy Uplay.exe from the Crack folder to the Program Files (x86) Ubisoft - Ubisoft Game Launcher folder

6. Start the game via AC3SP.exe in your installation directory (Uplay will be opened)

7. If prompted for a key just press OK

8. Wait until you see Uplay is everywhere ready After that you can choose in the settings that Uplay OFFLINE Remains (DO THIS ALSO) CLOSE again Uplay.

9. Put Uplay.exe in your firewall so is dont connect

10. Enjoy the game and keep Offline.


Poster:

 
http://imgon.net/di-BZX4.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://imgon.net/di-K985.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-18PD.jpg

 
http://imgon.net/di-GRPB.jpg


SEED AND ENJOY!