How to Make, Market and Sell Ebooks - All for FREE[Team Nanban][TPB]

Jason Matthews | 2011 | ISBN-10: 1451537077 | EPUB/MOBI | 168 pages | 0,2 MB/0.2 MB

DESCRIPTION:

Have you written a book or are you writing one? Are you weighing options of what to do next? Then consider creating ebooks, 
because ebooks and the devices that read them are the fastest growing sectors in the publishing industry.

Amazon has the Kindle, Barnes & Noble the Nook, Sony's got the Reader, Apple has the iPad, new tablets are emerging and Google Ebooks has been released. 
People even read on their cell phones. Ebook sales are soaring and will surpass paper book sales in the near future. New and established writers must make their books available as ebooks.

The tips within will save you time, money and energy while putting you on the fast track to selling ebooks. You'll learn to:

Build and Maximize an Online Platform.
Use Social Media wisely with Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc.
Create a Professional Blog Site.
Design effective Ebook Covers.
Format and Upload for Amazon, Smashwords, Barnes & Noble, Apple's iBookstore and other Retailers.
Convert your Documents to any Format (epub, mobi, pdf, lrf and others).
Create a Professional Website.
Utilize SEO (search engine optimization) to rise in Google-Yahoo-Bing rankings.
Sell ebooks with PayPal from your own Sites.
Use PR (public relations) to Drive Traffic to You.
and much more. Plus you're going to do all these things for free!

How to Make, Market and Sell Ebooks All for Free is packed with information, tutorials, over 200 links to sites and software that will help you accomplish these goals with retailers and at your own websites. 
The advice is simple enough for computer beginners and relevant to experts who could use extra guidance.

If you want to make, market and sell ebooks and do it all for free, then this is a must read and the one source for everything it takes to succeed at this. 
First written in 2010, updated in September 2011.

PLZ SEED WHILE AND AFTER DOWNLOADING...

"SHARING IS CARING"



visit me on facebook -  just Google "TEAM NANBAN TPB"