 The Pale Pale or spirochetes Treponema Treponema Pallidum or is a bacterium of the genus Treponema.
It is micro thin, long, spiral-shaped, moving helical movements. Translated as "pale" because it stains well with the ordinary dyes for microscopy.
Has the strongest virulence compared with other pathogenic Treponema and ability to affect virtually every system of the body. Transmitted by sexual contact and causes syphilis.
References in modern culture [Edit]
The Athenian artistic anarchist band Pale spirochete uses name as the name of the bacterium that probably inspired by a poem by Kostas Karyotakis.
Literature [Edit]
Antoniades A. et al., "Medical Microbiology", 3rd edition, published BC Paschalides,, 2005, ISBN 960-399-333-6[/b][b]It is an Athens anarchist band formed in 1987 and disbanded in March 2011. He wrote his own songs, but several poems set to music. The band moved on one axis-commercial, having never accepted view from any media. Plus, never sold any of the CD, but distributing free, believing in a society without financial compensation.
Songs
Pale spirochete, the first disc ΑʹΘʹΘʹΖʹ
Indoor Track
Barcarolle
Athens
In the village before the feast
Orestes
Requiem for Nikos
In front of the gate
National ideals
Ballad for a sad country
Sunset damp
Guitars
Will leave one day
Margin
Read me from the start
Dervish
Albanian
Captain Safacas
Ion
Rehearsal 1998
Only me
Bayerland
Someone
The loneliness of Democritus
Just truly
Call the Hegemon
Be calm and rattled
Deaf people
Song of Maria Nefeli
Nagasaki
Treatment
Cannon Song
Pale spirochete, the second disc Βʹ00Βʹ
Voices from straw
Be calm
Someone
Song of Maria Nefeli
Nagasaki
The song of cannons
Treatment
The deaf people
With all attack
Only you
Pale spirochete 2010
Colors
Mondus Vivendi
H procession
I can live
Drafts for Makronisos I
Drafts for Makronisos II
Drafts for Makronisos III
Uncle John T.
Texts
Apart from the songs of the band at work and including it can be certain texts, intense ideological
little known-unknown dictionary terms
new "instructions" for the freight man
small manifesto
Ulrike Meinhof me to impeach
Concerts
The band, all these years of activity, he participated in many concerts, mostly in autonomous spaces and squats like Yfanet but several universities, without ever having ticket, for purely ideological reasons. Through music, tried to send messages of solidarity and peace in the world and show the way to a more humane society, free from racism and discrimination. Feature is the glossary which he has written, with strong humanitarian and revolutionary
Dissolution
The band broke up in March 2011, with a statement explaining the reasons for the end of the band