Installation instructions:

                                ESET NOD32

  1. Open the main window of ESET NOD32
  2. In the left pane, select "Updates" -> "Activate Product"
  3. Then select the "Activate using the user name and password"
  4. Enter user name (Username) and Password (Password) -> Activate
  5. Then click "Update virus signature database."

It is important! Turning off the system of early detection.
  Open the main window of ESET NOD32 -> Settings -> Go to the advanced settings ... (F5) -> Disclose to "Tools" -> ESET Live Grid -> Remove the check mark to "take part in the ESET Live Grid -> Click" OK ".



                                Kaspersky

Activation version KIS / KAV 2010
  In order to get to the KIS / KAV 2010 key to activate the program off the Internet to a request for activation code, enter this AAAAA-AAAAA-AAAAA-AAAA3 and when you get an error message window will open with the "Browse", where you can activate the product key (keys fit 7.0 and 2009 (8.0) version) ...
  Transpose this for version (KIS / KAV 2011 version 2011 (11.0.0.232)) as to enable the assembly above this version see below.
Note: If Internet Explorer is enabled to "work offline" (even in the case of a complete lack of connection to the Internet), this method of activation is not working. You should disable the use of offline browser.



                                 Avast

For Windows XP
  1. Disable self-defense and to replace the license file at
  avast! Pro Antivirus, Internet Security 5, 6, 7
  2. For avast! 6, 7: «C:/Dоcuments and Settings/All Users/Application Data/AVAST Software/Avast»
  3. Enable self-protection module avast!

For Windows Vista, 7
  1. Disable self-defense and to replace the license file at
  2. For avast! 5: «C:/ProgramData/Alwil Software/Avast5»
  2. For avast! 6, 7: «C:/ProgramData/AVAST Software/Avast»
  3. Enable self-protection module avast!

avast! Free Antivirus 5, 6, 7
  1. Click on the icon in the system tray, then select the "Subscription Information"
  2. Click on "Enter License Key" at the bottom of the screen
  3. Insert the key into the form field and press «ok»

                                FAQ

How to disable self-defense module avast!
  1. Open the main program window
  2. In the upper right corner click on "Settings"
  3. Open the tab "Troubleshooting"
  4. Uncheck "Enable self-defense module avast!»

How to Enable Self-defense module avast!
  1. Open the main program window
  2. In the upper right corner click on "Settings"
  3. Open the tab "Troubleshooting"
  4. Tick ​​the "Enable self-defense module avast!»


                              
                               Dr.Web

  1. On the taskbar in the system tray near the clock icon Find Doctor Web.
  2. Click on the icon drweb right click and from the menu select "Tools" then   "License Manager" and click the left mouse button.
  3. A window "License Manager". In the see information about installed keys drweb.
  4. To install Dr. Web antivirus key must be added to the list of license manager. To do this, click on the search button and from the menu select the file in the selection window.





                                Avira


  1. Open the window and select the menu item "Help"
  2. The drop-down menu, select "License Management"
  3. In the opened window look for the words "I already have a valid license file HBEDV.KEY"
  4. Click on "HBEDV.KEY"
  5. Show where the program is key.
  6. Rejoice a successful activation.
 



                                