Description
It’s the biggest, brightest Bejeweled® ever! 

Discover all-new ways to play the world’s #1 puzzle game on your iPhone! Find your perfect match with 3 breathtaking game modes. Ease into Classic Bejeweled for cascades of fun, dig into Diamond Mine for a gem-blasting challenge, or slip into Zen for a revolutionary new way to relax. Collect flashy achievement badges as you soar to dazzling new heights! 

“Bejeweled — perhaps the most insanely addictive puzzle game ever.”
—Games Magazine


Game Features

CLASSIC GEM-MATCHING FUN
Play the most popular puzzle game of the century with powerful new gems. 

DIG INTO DIAMOND MINE
Blast gems to collect gold, diamonds and buried artifacts before the clock runs out. 

RELAX IN ALL-NEW ZEN MODE
Customize sights and sounds to create your own relaxing retreat.

CREATE 4 SPECIAL GEMS
Create electrifying special gems like Flame gems, Star gems, Hypercubes and Supernova gems!

PROVE YOUR GEM-MATCHING PROWESS
Earn over 30 flashy achievement badges to prove your multifaceted skills.


MORE COOL FEATURES
Awesome retina display graphics — Bejeweled is more sparkling than ever before!

Ultra-Smooth Action — Make multiple matches while new gems fall into place.

Hints on Demand — Can’t quite spot the next match? Use the “Hint” button for a quick tip. 

Stats Galore — Gloat over your scores for total matched gems, all-time best moves and top 10 personal bests in Classic and Diamond Mine!


PLEASE NOTE: Bejeweled has ultra-awesome graphics, so you’ll need a 3rd generation (16gb or larger) or later iPod touch, iPhone 3GS, or iPhone 4/4S to play. Please make sure your device is compatible prior to purchase.

More Apps from PopCap:
PLANTS VS. ZOMBIES™ — Soil your plants in the award-winning action-strategy game. iTunes Rewind 2010 iPhone Game of the Year!
PEGGLE® — Clear the orange pegs in this epic blend of luck and skill.
BOOKWORM® — Feed your appetite for fun in THE brain-tickling word puzzle game.
CHUZZLE® — Slide and match cute, cuddly — and surprisingly explosive — furballs.



POPCAP MAKES LIFE FUN!
Visit us at PopCap.com
Follow us at
Like us at
What's new in Version 1.1
New game update — Bejeweled now has Butterflies!

No, the game isn’t nervous. It has a fascinating new game mode! Butterfly gems appear at the bottom of the board and move up a space every turn. The hungry spider at the top of the board is waiting to catch any butterfly it can — so you’ll need to match butterflies or use special gems to free them. How many butterflies can you save?

Butterflies mode tips:
· Don't waste moves matching butterflies that are already aligned to match up.
· Try to match as many butterflies as possible in one match for a super score combo!
· Take your time and think it through, Butterflies will test your powers of forethought to the maximum of your ability.


Share the fun
There’s now a simple way for you to gift Bejeweled to a friend — right from inside the App.

New Badges
We just added two new achievement badges. Can you earn them?

That’s it for this update. As always, we’re constantly looking for ways to bring you more Bejeweled fun. We hope you enjoy the game!
