Astronomy Today (7th Edition)
by Steve McMillan, Eric Chaisson
Benjamin Cummings | July 2010 | ISBN-10: 0321691431 | PDF | 880 pages | 130 mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Astronomy-Today-7th-Eric-Chaisson/dp/0321691431

The number-one, best-selling astronomy text, Astronomy Today, has been revised based on reviewers' comments and extensive development. Astronomy Today has been shortened (from 30 to 28 chapters), but retains its informal-but-scientific writing style, and exceptional art program. Its unique subscription program COMETS now includes computer-generated animations from NASA illustrator Dana Berry. Astronomy Today employs the familiar planets-sun-stars- galaxies organization. Key concepts are introduced in the familiar context of the Earth and solar system; the concepts are carefully developed as discussion moves outward towards the stars and galaxies. A highly praised approach to spectroscopy and light (topics often difficult for students) and outstanding treatment of active galaxies and cosmology are other highlights. Written for non-science college students, this book is highly recommended for anyone interested in astronomy. Its breath, clarity, superb illustrations and software are first rate. Prentice Hall appears to hvae repurposed this text for amateur astronomers in another book, Astronomy: A Beginner's Guide to the Universe, which is nearly identical, albeit abbreviated in areas. Both books are an excellent value and users need to decide whether the academic version is worth more. Having read "Astronomy Today" cover to cover, there is much than can be shortened, such as when the authors discuss difficulties encountered in obtaining astronomy knowledge, rather than the knowledge itself. Its generous illustrations reinforce much of the text, taking this philosophy further, it could have been that much of the text could take a back seat to more detailed illustrations. Nevertheless a marvelous job!

CONTENTS
Part 1: Astronomy and the Universe
Chapter 1: Charting the Heavens
Chapter 2: The Copernican Revolution
Chapter 3: Radiation
Chapter 4: Spectroscopy
Chapter 5: Telescopes
Part 2: Our Planetary System
Chapter 6: The Solar System
Chapter 7: Earth
Chapter 8: The Moon and Mercury
Chapter 9: Venus
Chapter 10: Mars
Chapter 11: Jupiter
Chapter 12: Saturn
Chapter 13: Uranus and Neptune
Chapter 14: Solar System Debris
Chapter 15: The Formation of Planetar
Part 3: Stars and Stellar Evolution
Chapter 16: The Sun
Chapter 17: The Stars
Chapter 18: The Interstellar Medium
Chapter 19: Star Formation
Chapter 20: Stellar Evolution
Chapter 21: Stellar Explosions
Chapter 22: Neutron Stars and Black I
Part 4: Galaxies and Cosmology
Chapter 23: The Milky Way Galaxy
Chapter 24: Galaxies
Chapter 25: Galaxies and Dark Matter
Chapter 26: Cosmology
Chapter 27: The Early Universe
Chapter 28: Life in the Universe
Appendix
Glossary
Answers
Index
Star Charts