Pura Vida and the congos : we nah give up

Disc One

 Side A

1. We Nah Give Up
2. Africa
3. Rolling Stone
4. Tuffer

 

Side B

1. The Wicked A Go Fall
2. Jah Send A Little Angel
3. Why You Treat Me So Bad
4. Who\'s Love

 

Disc Two

 Side A

1. No Way Out
2. Bam Bam
3. Proceed
4. You Don\'t Know Me

 

Side B

1. Rasta Feeling
2. Melodica Dub
3. African Dub
4. Rolling Dub
5. We Nah Give Dub 



I uploaded this because I think it will boost the art, please BUY the tracks after you had a good listen to the awesomeness!!!

 
http://lostarkmusic.org/category/music/pura-vida-the-congos/



‘We Nuh Give Up’ could be a catchphrase, title and rallying cry for all the separate components of this album. Both Pura Vida and the Congos have had long, winding, and ultimately successful careers, and the roots reggae that they purvey has always had an attitude of hopefulness and withstanding in the face of (down) pressure and futility. ‘We Nuh Give Up’ the album is a message of optimism and resistance in the modern world, with many a classic touch along the way.

 

Pura Vida are the epicentre of the Lost Ark Music soundsystem, and themselves centre around Bregt ‘Pura Man’ De Boever, who, as his nickname would suggest, founded the sound and the band, in 2005. Bregt is the composer and songwriter for the project, and works alongside engineer Christopher Lonneville and vocalist/organist/bit-of-everythingist Simon ‘Saimm-I’ Decante. The rest of the musical accompaniment is provided by a band which includes Pieter De Naegel, Karel De Smaele and David Van Belleghem amongst others. Pura Vida employ a vast selection of instruments and musical types in their mixes and live performances, typifying the modern European sound system culture, whilst not forgetting the roots of the sounds they love so much. This is where the current album fits in.

 

The band have teamed up with Congo Ashanti Roy, whose career stretches all the way back to the early 70s, and has a discography up their with the very best. The Congos have issued upwards of fourteen albums, whilst Ashanti has four of his own. He has worked with Sons of Negus, and brings his vocals to ‘We Nuh Give Up’ in the continuing tradition of JA singers voicing European output. This album was recorded in both Belgium and Jamaica, and mixed in Pura Vida’s own Lost Ark studio. 


SUPPORT DIY-ARTISTS!!!!
 
http://lostarkmusic.org/category/music/pura-vida-the-congos/