Wildboyz follows the antics of Chris Pontius and Steve-O, as they travel all around the globe. Over the course of 4 seasons, Pontius and Steve-O have traveled to 19 different locations. At each location the pair would both interact with the wild as well as learn the culture of the natives. Some of their antics include dressing up and running with the animals they encounter, subjecting themselves to the defense mechanisms of the animals, and eating the food of the countries\' cultures. The dangerous nature of the stunts arguably outstrips that of either Jackass or another similar spin-off, Viva La Bam. In the course of the show, Steve-O has purposely subjected himself to the relatively mild sting of the Emperor scorpion on more than one occasion, and Chris Pontius has nearly been attacked by a wild jaguar and has been bitten by a Black Bear. One of their most dangerous stunts showed the boys attracting a great white shark while disguised as seals, then later jumping into the open water just 10m away, as well as placing dangling meat attached to a hammock to attract wild lions. In another dangerous stunt, the pair dressed up as fake zebras in the Sahara near a lion den.

Despite the crude humor, the show has educational value, as it features accurate narrations of various animals and indigenous cultures. What separates Steve-O and Chris Pontius from their animal show-host colleagues is their complete fearlessness despite their lack of training. This recklessness is also seen in their willingness to interact with the various cultures that they come in contact with. Steve-O and Chris seem open to any new experience, which has given them a chance to experience rituals and partake in events that a typical visitor or tourist may not be privy to. This has made them very popular with both animal and comedy lovers alike.

Several members of the Jackass cast and crew have contributed assistance to the show. The director of Jackass, Jeff Tremaine, returns as director and Executive Producer of Wildboyz. Cameraman Dimitry Elyashkevich also serves as the Director of Photography as well as Executive Producer for the show. Manny Puig, a wild animal expert who appeared on Jackass several times, occasionally joins the Wildboyz on their adventures. Fellow Jackass cast members Johnny Knoxville and Wee-Man also make occasional appearances on the show.

IF YOU LIKE THIS SHOW, Show your support and buy it Legit!!!!