Prayers for Bobby
Bobby seul contre tous (France)
Orações para Bobby (Brazil)

USA
English
2009
Biography, Drama
90min
Sigourney Weaver, Austin Nichols, Carly Schroeder, Ryan Kelley, Henry Czerny, Dan Butler, Scott Bailey, Linda Boston, Susan Ruttan, Melanie Wilson, Dan Wells, Lauren Mae Shafer, Sam Logan Khaleghi, Ele Bardha, Ber Fox, William C. Fox, Jeff Fryer, Kyle Clarington, Shannon Eagen, Brent Mata, Rebecca Louise Miller, Rusty Mewha, Billy Whitehouse, Marshall McClean, David G.B. Brown, Alyssa McMillan, Chris Hendricks, Tevis R. Marcum, Axel Harney, Patrick Michael Kenney, Madge Levinson, Steve Jasgur, Sean Scarlett, Jaime Moyer, Anna Badalamenti, Anthony Moscato, Hadas Corey, Amanda Ryskamp, Julia Mogerman, Rusty Daugherty, Janice O'Neill

Baseado numa estória real, Bobby(Rayn Kelley), acaba assumindo para o irmão que é homossexual, mais sua família, que é muito religiosa não aprova isso. A mãe dele, vivida por Sigourney Weaver, insiste que ele pode ser mudado, seja indo a igreja ou a um terapeuta. Mais Bobby acaba aceitando sua condição, o que- também- acaba destruindo a ótima relação familiar que todos tinham – principalmente com sua mãe - e, por causa disso, ele comete suicídio. Sua mãe, Mary Griffith se sente culpada, e fica se perguntando: Se o filho foi perdoado por Deus, se ele conseguiu um lugar no paraíso. E é a partir dai que vemos a “evolução” de um ser humano, pois, aos poucos Mary acaba aceitando que Bobby era homossexual, e ai entra na luta contra o preconceito, que antes, ela mesmo tinha.

Based on a true story, Mary Griffith is a devout Christian who raises her children with the conservative teachings of the Presbyterian Church. However, when her son Bobby confides to his older brother he may be gay, life changes for the entire family after Mary learns about his secret. While Bobby's father and siblings slowly come to terms with his homosexuality, Mary believes God can cure him of what she considers his 'sin' and persuades Bobby to pray harder and seek solace in church activities in hopes of changing him. Desperate for his mother's approval, Bobby does what is asked of him, but through it all, the church's apparent disapproval of homosexuality causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed. Guilty over the pain he is causing Mary, Bobby moves away, yet hopes that some day his mother will accept him. His subsequent depression and self-loathing intensifies as he blames himself for not being the 'perfect' son and is driven to suicide. Faced with their tragedy, Mary begins to question her faith when she receives no answers from her pastor concerning her devastating loss. Through her long and emotional journey, Mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source. The film is based on the 1995 Leroy Aarons book of the same name.