Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombies
Description
The Call of Duty: Zombies phenomenon has risen back to life.

Adapted from the best-selling console hit and built specifically for tablets and smartphones, Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombies delivers maps and weapons never before seen on mobile and 50 levels of “Dead-Ops Arcade,” providing the ultimate undead challenge for fans of Call of Duty’s signature zombie warfare.

Play solo or join a team of up to 4 players as you mow down hordes of zombies with Call of Duty’s all-new interface, now featuring Voice Chat for the first time ever. 

Sure, earning Achievements and Point-Multipliers is nice, but to survive these Co-Op Maps, you’ll need friends as much as you’ll need firepower. Lucky for you, not only will the weapons and perks you love from Call of Duty lie at your fingertips, so will Voice Chat, a brand-new feature to the Call of Duty Zombies mobile experience that allows you to communicate with your fellow zombie-slayers in real-time. For the first time ever, you’ll hear your friends’ calls for help…and their screams for mercy. 

As if that wasn’t enough, Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombies also includes “Dead-Ops Arcade” mode, an arcade-style top-down shooter perfectly suited for mobile combat vets. Unlocking the mode is easy—simply find the four missing coins in the game’s menus. Once enabled, you’ll have access to a 50-level zombie gauntlet with full Game Center leaderboard support, ensuring everyone knows of your skull-crushing talents. 

Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombies has been optimized for 3rd-generation devices and higher, providing unparalleled graphics and performance. As an iOS Universal App, the game operates the same whether played on iPhone, iPod, or iPad, meaning a zombie’s brain will splatter just as vividly on your iPhone 4 Retina Display as on your iPad 2.

Need more undead? Download Call of Duty: Zombies, the original mobile zombie warfare experience available on both iPhone and iPad. Head over to the iTunes Store for all the grisly details.

Check back in for ongoing upgrades to the game, new features, maps and special surprises. Like any good zombie, Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombies will routinely come back to life with more action!
What's new in Version 1.1.0
For an added edge in the battle against the undead, this update includes:

- The Ray Gun
- Monkey Bombs
- 6 Tiers of In-Game Point Packs via In-App purchasing (Solo Mode Only)
- Save / Load game progress

Also included in this update are various optimizations and fixes. 

For tips, tricks, and troubleshooting, be sure to check out the Black Ops Zombies Field Manual at www.callofduty.com/blackops/faq/ioszombies.
