American Heart (1992)
Crime | Drama | Romance


Directed by Martin Bell
Starring: Jeff Bridges, Edward Furlong, Lucinda Jenney


Video: x264, 720x480 (4:3), 24 fps
Audio: English, AAC, 128 kbps
Subtitles: English
Runtime: 01:54:49


Plot:

Jack is now out of jail and he meets Nick, his adolescent son. Their relationship will be complicated, because Jack has a problem with alcohol. But his love for Nick will help him to get over the past and reach his dreams. 


IMDB rating: 6.6/10 (1539 users)


Review (Gemma Bristow, imdb.com):

I love Martin Bell's American Heart. It comes together like an organic whole, with nothing that seems false or out of place. The low-key, matter-of-factly gritty tone means that the film probably won't rollercoaster over you on first viewing, but also that, unlike some more high-impact films, it bears repeated viewings and even gains by them.

American Heart is high quality throughout, with fine writing, directing, acting, and artistic design. The characters are well drawn, not just types but real creations. The cast are wonderful across the board. Despite the fact that Heart was his first non-documentary feature, Bell seemed already to know how to get the best out of his actors (his later made-for-cable film Hidden in America also features fine performances). The score is very effective, too; Tom Waits' end-title song in particular. For anyone interested in Jeff Bridges or Edward Furlong this is probably essential viewing, but it is also well worth discovering for indie buffs or, indeed, anyone who likes good drama. Though the UK video sleeve may make it look like an all-action blockbuster, and the opening title sequence like a comedy, don't be put off: it's a gritty, poignant drama of real quality that deserves to be seen by more than the seemingly few who have already done so.


Screenshots:
 
http://image.bayimg.com/ganopaadi.jpg 
http://image.bayimg.com/hanoaaadi.jpg 
http://image.bayimg.com/hanobaadi.jpg 
http://image.bayimg.com/hanocaadi.jpg 
http://image.bayimg.com/hanodaadi.jpg 
http://image.bayimg.com/hanofaadi.jpg