DC Universe Comics Collection[LATEST][Team Nanban][TPB]

English | CBR | Comics Collection | All In One | 295 MB

Genre: Comic


DESCRIPTION:

This is the FIXED version of this. I should pay more attention.
Today's pack includes all the DCU titles for January 25, 2012 . Since it is an FAQ, Week 1 included Justice League 1 and Flashpoint 5 and was considered the beginning of the reboot. Week 14 was a short week and included 3 DCU comics,including THUNDER Agents, Secret Files, and Batman: Odyssey #2.

Before uploading these, I am opening them with ComicRack, and made sure they all opened there. If there are problems please let me know. As usual, these are not my scans. Thanks to the original scanners and uppers. If you like what you got here, please purchase them in some form.


ALL-STAR WESTERN #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

Slippery sewer pipes make a brutal place for a fight – but that won't stop Jonah Hex and Amadeus Arkham from facing off against a gang of kidnappers beneath Gotham City. And when the thugs get the best of them, Hex and Arkham find themselves swept away to a pitch-black cave with seemingly no way out – and lots of bats! Will they find a way to escape Gotham City's dark underbelly before Hex's matches are all burned out? Also: For the Barbary Ghost, death is only the beginning of her plan for revenge!

AQUAMAN #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

Aquaman has been left for dead in the middle of the desert! But how did the King of Atlantis find himself marooned in such a hellish environment? As Aquaman struggles to survive impossible odds, what extreme measures will he resort to in order to stay alive?

BATMAN: THE DARK KNIGHT #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

When a madman attacks Batman with a new and powerful fear toxin, The Dark Knight visits the coldest and most distant part of his soul. And as his deepest fears resurface, he must rely on old friends to help quell the terrible effects, and to remind him of his true mission as a hero. But what Batman discovers hidden in a moment of courage may change his life forever... for a dark figure from his past has returned – the one adversary The Dark Knight truly fears.

BLACKHAWKS #5 (CBZ format released 1/25/2012)

Three of the Blackhawks are incapacitated with injuries, and two more are stranded in outer space! The team has suffered a serious beating, but they still have one more crazy, hail Mary stunt up their sleeve as our first story is brought to its explosive conclusion by Mike Costa and new fan-favorite artist CAFU!

THE FLASH #5 (CBZ format released 1/25/2012)

Central City in chaos! Iris West captive in Iron Heights prison! And as Flash tries to deal with all of it, he must also try to save the life of his old friend Manuel Lago from Mob Rule, DC Comics' hottest new Super Villain!

THE FURY OF FIRESTORM: THE NUCLEAR MEN #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

Ronnie and Jason have never agreed on anything, and now it's all-out war as the mysterious Zither pits them against each other! But with the mystery of the Rogue Firestorms spiraling out of control, the guys will have to come to an agreement – or risk serious fallout!

GREEN LANTERN: NEW GUARDIANS #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

A spacecraft the size of a solar system is on a collision course with Oa, home of the Guardians! As the AWOL Green Lantern Kyle Rayner and members of each of the different Corps make their way to the alien vessel, deep within the ship – within the very sun that serves as the craft's fuel source – the creature known as Seraphon stirs. A major new threat to the DC Universe debuts here!

I, VAMPIRE #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

The war of the vampires comes to Batman's doorstep! The Queen of Blood has deadly plans for the citizens of Gotham City, but before Andrew can stop her, he must face The Dark Knight!

JUSTICE LEAGUE #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

Now, with the teenaged powerhouse Cyborg at their side, this group of individual heroes must somehow put their differences aside to face the terror of Darkseid!

JUSTICE LEAGUE DARK #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

Enchantress is out of control and more powerful than ever. She has brought a nation to its knees through her arcane powers. Will Madame Xanadu, John Constantine, Shade the Changing Man, Zatanna, Mindwarp, Deadman and June Moon be able to work together to defeat her? One thing is certain: One of these heroes will not make it out alive!

LEGION: SECRET ORIGIN #4 (OF 6) (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

As more worlds fall to the mysterious alien armada, the Legion continues its struggle to defend the United Planets. Will new members Ultra Boy and Star Boy be enough to turn the tide?

THE SAVAGE HAWKMAN #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

The appearance of an otherworldly visitor to the city sets in motion a series of horrifying visions of the dead walking the streets of New York City. But only Carter can see them, causing him to question his own sanity. Can Hawkman unravel the mystery before it consumes him?

SUPERMAN #5 (CBR format released 1/25/2012)

There is a malignancy in Metropolis that is ruining the city, and its name is Superman! The aliens who have been attacking The Man of Steel these past few issues unite to purge the Earth of Superman! The worst part? The people of Metropolis seem to agree with the aliens!

TEEN TITANS #5 (CBZ format released 1/25/2012)

In their first battle as a team, The Teen Titans square off against N.O.W.H.E.R.E.'s most powerful weapon... The Superboy! But can the cunning of Red Robin, the speed of Kid Flash and the psionic might of Bunker stop a threat that has already taken out the powerhouse known as Wonder Girl? The fight rages from a battle cruiser docked in the Hudson River to the Central Park Zoo, but as a world stands up and takes notice, there is a very real possibility the Teen Titans might not survive their high profile debut!

VOODOO #5 (CBZ format released 1/25/2012)

Voodoo discovers a threat that could expose her secrets before she can complete her mission. With her shape-shifting abilities in overdrive, Pris does what she does best when she's cornered: fight.

UPdate on the New 52: DC has announced that there will be 6 cancellations in April and 6 new comics. The cancelled comics will be:

¦Men Of War
¦Mister Terrific
¦O.M.A.C.
¦Hawk And Dove
¦Blackhawks
¦Static Shock

Replacing them will be 6 new titles:

¦Batman Inc:
¦Earth 2:
¦World's Finest:
¦Dial H:
¦GI Combat:
¦The Ravagers:

SOURCE: INTERNET.

Enjoy, comment, and say thanks if you like, but be kind if you don't like.


PLZ SEED AFTER DOWNLOADING..

"SHARING IS CARING"

