Description
On the occasion of new game : Pacxon - Legen Is Back release, Codespot Game launches promotion program that allows players to download free Battleship: Alien Invaders – the strategy naval combat
game recently released by Codespot – in 2 days from May 9 to May 10. 

Inspired by the blockbuster action movie Battleship in 2012, Battleship: Alien Invaders is an original-like and easy naval shooting game. If you like shooting game but fed up with all the plain action games and wish to do a little brain stretching, you will love this simple strategy-shooting game. Look at review at Appadvice.com to know more about this game:http://appadvice.com/appnn/2012/05/quickadvice-battleshipalieninvaders

The plot is basically as simple as “we'd find them, or they'd find us” – you have to observe the moves of alien ship, predict its whereabouts and fire missiles to destroy it before the enemy gets a chance to approach your warship. 

Combining elements of shooting and strategy game, this battleship game can give you an exciting gaming experience while still leaving space for calculation and strategy. You need to carefully observe every move of the alien warship to deploy your missile to wait for them and command it to fire at the right moment the ship comes by. 
Since it takes a few moments for the missile to hit its objective, you got to develop a sense of timing to balance the speed of the missile and the speed of the intruding battleship. You are only armed with 4 missiles in one game level, so it’s quite challenging as you can’t afford to miss the target too many times and the acts of your enemy will get more and more complicating to predict at advanced level. 

While Battleship is more about quiet thinking, the simple yet strong graphic design and stunning sound effects can give you real feeling of a naval combat. It employs an easy-to-use interface of the radar screen with red spots representing the presence of the enemy ship.

HOW TO PLAY?

Player have to predict where the alien ships move and launch missiles just in time before the alien ships approachs their ship. 

FEATURE

• INSPIRED FROM A INCREDIBLE ALIEN NAVAL WAR MOVIE
One of the best screens in the movie becomes a incridible game!

• EASY AND LIFE-LIKE CONTROL
Predict, lock and fire like a Destroyer.

• EXCITING AND CHALLENGING 
You need to be focus all the time because you will never guess the way the alien ships move and how they approachs you.

• METICULOUS DESGIN AND EXCITING SOUND EFFECTS
Feel the emeny with an enviroment which created by meticulous details and exciting music/sound effects.
... Show More
What's new in Version 1.1
Game turorial added
More visual effects
Bug fixes