                                   By bobiras2009	
		

If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.


Xtralogic Remote Desktop Client for Android enables you to connect to your Windows computers across the Internet from a mobile device powered by Google Android platform. Once connected, it gives you mouse and keyboard control over your computer while showing you everything that's happening on the screen.

You can leave your computer without losing access to your files, applications, and e-mail. Xtralogic Remote Desktop Client is using Microsoft Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP). All the necessary server components are already part of most versions of the Windows operating system (except Home varieties).

Features : 

    8, 16, 24 and 32 bit color support 
    Custom screen resolutions, including an option to automatically fit to the device screen 
    SSL security and support for Network Level Authentication (NLA). 
    Microsoft Remote Desktop Gateway (RD Gateway, a.k.a. TS Gateway) support. 
    RemoteApp programs support. 
    On-screen keyboard for keys missing on the device (functional keys, etc.) 
    Server address book 
    Master password to secure server password storage 
    Audio redirection to the client from a remote computer 
    Microphone redirection from the client to a remote computer 
    File transfer between SD card and remote computer 
    Copy/paste text between client and server 
    Display zoom in/zoom out 
    Pinch-to-zoom (available on the devices with multi-touch functionality) 
    The first and only mobile Remote Desktop client with support for Microsoft Remote Assistance 
    RDP data compression and caching to save bandwidth 
    Android home screen shortcuts 
    Support for x86 based Android devices 
    Automatic activation of a software keyboard in text fields 

What's in this version: (Updated : Sep 4, 2012)

    Added Alt+Shft keyboard shortcut
    Fixed a problem with the prompt to close session on back key, when it breaks the standard behavior of the back key
    Fixed a problem when connecting to a load balanced Remote Desktop server farm which is using token redirection
    Fixed stylus behavior on Galaxy Note with ICS
    Fixed a crash on master password change
    Fixed a problem with empty text fields in secondary remote desktop sessions
    Fixed a problem with text fields shown as black in some applications

Required Android O/S : 1.5+




                                   By bobiras2009	