The 2008 opening story arc of the Red Hulk (aka Rulk) series established that the character is very aggressive, as the Red Hulk murders Hulk foes the Wendigo and Abomination; destroys the Helicarrier of the spy organization, SHIELD; defeats several Marvel heroes, and causing an earthquake in San Francisco.  Red Hulk is finally defeated by the combined efforts of The Incredible Hulk and the thunder god, Thor.

It is later revealed that the Red Hulk was created as part of a Super Soldier program by persons including Doc Samson, and the criminal think tank Intelligencia, headed by the Hulk foe, MODOK. 

In Fall of the Hulks: Gamma, Red Hulk is related in flashback to have killed General Ross at the behest of Bruce Banner, with whom he has formed an alliance.  However, the 2010 World War Hulks storyline reveals that Red Hulk is Thunderbolt Ross himself (a master strategist in war and military tactics,) and the Red She-Hulk is his daughter, Betty.  The Ross who was killed was a Life Model Decoy used to convince the world that General Ross had died.  Red Hulk then thwarts the Intelligencia's plan to take over the United States with a Life Model Decoy of Glenn Talbot by destroying the Talbot LMD, and attempts to take over the country himself.  He is thwarted by a restored Hulk (in possession of Banner's intelligence) who beats Red Hulk.  Red Hulk tells Hulk that it was his idea to fake Ross's death and that he can never again resume that identity.  After imprisoning Red Hulk in the Gamma Base, Banner makes arrangements with Captain Steve Rogers for Red Hulk to join the Avengers. 

Marvel editor, Mark Paniccia, has described the Red Hulk as absolutely uninhibited, tactically intelligent, while writer Jeph Loeb states, The Red Hulk is the kind of Hulk we haven't seen before ΓÇö a thinking, calculating, brutal weapon-toting kind of Hulk.  To further distance the character away from the original:  Everything the Green Hulk isn't, the Red Hulk is.  The character has abilities almost identical to those of the current Hulk.  The character can also emit heat at will from his eyes during non-enraged periods, and can augment power levels by absorbing various types of energy, such as gamma radiation (in one instance causing the Hulk to revert to alter ego Bruce Banner) and the Power Cosmic.  Red Hulk was created through a combination of gamma radiation and cosmic rays.  The satellites used to revert the Hulk to human form at the end of World War Hulk were used to power the device used to turn Ross into the Red Hulk.  Unlike the green Hulk, the Red Hulk does not revert to human form when rendered unconscious, and his blood is a fluorescent yellow instead of green, remaining that color even in human form.  Unlike the green Hulk, who gets stronger as his rage increases, Red Hulk's body temperature rises with his anger.  Though the heat is intense enough to melt desert sand into glass, it causes him to weaken when it becomes too intense, as his physiology lacks a cooling mechanism to deal with the excess heat.  Red Hulk has also been shown to have a weakness to Negative Zone energy, which caused him burning pain and drained him when he attempted to absorb it.

This torrent contains all 58 issues of this fantastic character, plus one King-Sized issue.

Enjoy, and please seed.
