Audio Record Edit Toolbox Pro

Audio Record Edit Toolbox Pro, equipped with numerous professional audio tools like audio recorder, audio converter, CD burner and more, makes your dream of building home studio a reality. Just record whatever you want and twist them as you wish! There are plenty of editing functions as well as effects and filters to bring individuation to your work.

All Features of Audio Record Edit Toolbox Included

Audio Record Edit Toolbox Pro is a professional audio editor and recorder, which completely control over all aspects of audio editing and mastering. It contains all features of Audio Record Edit Toolbox. It performs precise editing and creates 30+ audio effects & filters. It is your last destination for professional audio recording and mastering, sound design, audio restoration, and audio CD creation.

Join Separate Audio Files

The built-in audio merger allows you to join audio files perfectly! It directly joins the separate audio files into a single audio track with the same or different formats to MP3, WMA, WAV and OGG for various usages without recompression, maintaining the original quality. Now you can enjoy your favorite music without interruption on your music player.

Rip Music Tracks

Audio CD Ripper is built into Audio Record Edit Toolbox Pro so you can easily rip music tracks from audio CD into WMA or WAV without launching any other application. It is also able to directly load an audio CD track into the editor waveform window to edit & save as MP3/WMA/WAV/OGG format on your hard drive. You can retrieve disc album info like artist, track name, title, etc. from free CDDB online database.

Create Audio CD

Audio CD burner is built into Audio Record Edit Toolbox Pro software so that you can easily create your own stylish audio CD or MP3 CD in the original quality to play in any standard home or car stereo without the need to convert in advance. You have the right to burn one track at a time or choose disc-at-once (DAO) to burn a disc with full control over the pauses between tracks.


System Requirements:

Hardware Requirements

IBM PC or Compatible, Pentium III 900MHz or higher
256MB RAM
500MB of available free disc space for software installation
10GB working space for copying or creating DVD discs.
Graphics card capable of 1024x768 and 16-bit color.

Software Requirements

Windows┬« 7, Vista or XP SP3
Windows Media Player 11 or higher and Microsoft .NET Framework 3.0 or higher are required for XP SP3

Homepage: http://www.audio-tool.net/products/audiorecordedittoolboxpro.html.

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy