Armageddon will feature no competitive multiplayer modes. Instead it will focus on a Horde-mode style of game called Infestation. However, the game will carry over many other elements from its predecessor, Red Faction: Guerrilla, such as the focus on fully destructible environments. Armageddon will be modifying the previous game’s repertoire of tools and weaponry. Using the Magnet Gun, Darius fires first at one object, then at a second object, and then the first object rockets toward the second. Players can also hunt for alien artifacts to create new ‘hybrid’ alien/human fusion technology weapons, such as Tremblers and Rhino Charges.
The Nano-Forge will also feature an ability known as Impulse, which discharges an incredibly powerful burst of force which can blow away structures and throw enemies off their feet. The Nano-Rifle will return.
The game features a new co-operative Extermination mode, which has up to four players teaming up to fight against unrelenting waves of increasingly challenging alien attackers.
In a six-part Youtube series, the game’s main storyline developer Leo and Max revealed “Ruin mode”. This mode consists of nothing but “blowing stuff up”.
One sign of a great game is when you never notice it’s repetitive. Red Faction: Armageddon has successes and failures at this, with pacing issues and levels that swing from super exciting to downright boring. Armageddon is the fourth game in the Red Faction franchise. You play as Darius Mason, grandson of the protagonist Alec Mason from Red Faction: Guerilla.

What Red Faction: Armageddon gets right is its use of environmental destruction. You can sling enemies into walls (or sling walls into enemies) and watch as they go crashing through the environment, causing secondary explosions.

The parts where Armageddon gets noticeably repetitive are where destruction isn’t emphasized enough. Levels drag on where there’s hardly any part of the environment to use as a weapon.

Along with the more exciting levels where Darius has a ton of crap to destroy, vehicle missions help alleviate the sometimes boring pacing. The campaign may be a little all over the place in terms of pacing and level design, but the other modes are pure, mindless fun. Both modes are where Red Faction shines; there’s no weak story to ponder, no drawn-out levels – just you, explosives, and an abundance of stuff just begging to be torn asunder.