THE BEST DOWN ‘N DIRTY RACER YOU EVER SAW! Made to maximize the Retina Display, the state-of-the-art visuals will make your eyes bug out as you skid, slip, and slide in traditional top-down racing style. Challenge your buddies in online multiplayer, and get ready to go. It’s the dirt-road racing game y’all been waiting for on iPhone® & iPod touch®!

 LOOK WHAT THEY’RE ALREADY SAYIN’
 “…one of the coolest looking top-down racing games I've ever played.” (Eli Hoddap, Touch Arcade) 

 “The first thing that strikes home… is the sheer loveliness of the graphics… From sparkling streams… to large wooden churches looming up into the camera at the side of the worn dirt roads…” (Will Wilson, Pocket Gamer)

 VISUAL QUALITY THAT’LL MAKE YOU SAY, “OOOWEEE!”
 Designed from the get-go to with eye-popping graphic quality, the visual details will really make you feel like you’re rolling in the mud deep in the heart of Dixie. And get a load of how Reckless Racing looks with the Retina Display. Have mercy! 

 RACING FOR THE RECKLESS
 Dirt track or asphalt, truck or rally car – take your choice and then take it to the limit. Learn the basics as a beginner and choose from a variety of driving controls. Get better with each race and move up through Bronze, Silver, and Gold difficulty levels.

 CHOOSE YOUR VEHICLE AND TEST YOUR SKILLS
 Adapt your race skills and push it across 5 amazingly detailed tracks. Race against rigs controlled by some outrageous in-game characters like Otis and Bubba! Unlock the reverse tracks and race ‘em again!

 BETTER THAN THE REST?
 With online multiplayer, Reckless Racing gives you the chance to show the world what you can do behind the wheel. Post your best times on online leaderboards and trade ghost races with players from all over the world. Chat functionality is also built in! 

 RACE IN 3 DIFFERENT MODES
 Immerse yourself in the world of no-rules driving. Take on the Dirt Rally, Hot Lap time trial, or Delivery time trial. Beat other drivers or beat the clock. Either way, there’s a lot of Reckless Racing to do!