SINCE 2000

E A T  P R E S E N T S

Pelikan.Software.priPrinter.Professional.v4.5.1.1348.Cracked-EAT

RELEASE  INFO

SUPPLIER ....: TEAM EAT
PROG TYPE ...: APPLICATION
LANGUAGE ....: ENGLISH / OTHERS
RELEASE DATE.: 2012-02-07

CRACKER ......: TEAM EAT
PROTECTION ...: DEMO-LIMITS
DIFFICULTY ...: GUESS

PACKAGER ....: TEAM EAT
FORMAT ......: ZIP/RAR
ARCHIVE NAME.: eatpp348.zip
No OF DISKS .: XX/01

REQUIREMENTS .: Win2000/XP/Vista/Win7 x86
PRICE ........: 64.95
WEBSITE.......: http://www.priprinter.com

RELEASE  NOTES

Why print directly to your printer and waste paper
and toner, when you can print your documents via
priPrinter? With priPrinter you can be sure that
your print job will match your intentions.
PriPrinter offers support for printing to images,
booklet and poster printing, duplex, zoom in/out and
more Using just your mouse, you can adjust margins
and gutters in priPrinter by simply clicking and
dragging, or remove blank spaces by cropping and
cutting.

You can even use priPrinter to save commonly used
layouts and settings as themes, and produce forms
from documents. Add an additional layer of
protection to your documents with custom watermarks

priPrinter Professional is the ultimate solution for
businesses needing fast, reliable PDF creation,
giving users flexible options to preview, modify,
save, print or email documents. priPrinter
Professional provides unbelievable ability to modify
your printouts, even including text correction,
highlighting and redaction, while maintaining its
ease of use for those only needing print preview or
PDF creation. priPrinter Professional Edition was
built to meet the demanding requirements of business
and technical professionals.

PDF Publisher. Gives users simple, yet
sophisticated functionality to create PDF
documents right from print preview with just one
click. The complete solution for PDF creation.
Convert from ANY Windows application to PDF, TIFF,
JPG, PNG,TGA. Send PDF file by email, select
security options and more. The unique feature is
high quality preview with rich abilities to modify
your document.

Extends print preview with redaction and highlight
tool. Want to bring an attention to some part?
Highlight it with highlight tool.

Advanced Text Correction. Build-in text editor
with ability to change font attributes. priPrinter
provides an extremely powerful way to modify pages
before sending them to printer. Professional
edition gives even more: text modifications and
font changes inside of print preview. Text edits
and font changes are among the most critical and
required of pre-press tasks. From typos to font
issues, priPrinter Professional is here to help.
With priPrinter Professional you are free to apply
final changes to your documents even in case you
can't do it in your main application. Redaction
and Highlighting. Remove a Social Security number
or banking details easily. Text selection drag &
drop. All text corrections are undoable.

Search and replace. With priPrinter Professional
you may search and replace any text inside your
document. Also you are free to change font, color
and other attributes by pressing Replace All
button. In case of mistake all these corrections
can be reverted by pressing Undo button.
 
http://www.priprinter.com/changelog.htm

COMMENTS

Do NOT distribute this release outside of the scene
Keep the scene alive and secure

All good progs start as freeware,
then things get worse ... -)

INSTALLATION NOTES

TLB'
Try it, Like it, Buy it

1. Unpack and install.
2. Import the included registry file.
3. Copy the included files into the installed folder.

That's all. Have fun using it -)

Always remember to block applications (or go off line) from calling
home 'during install'. Once installed, disable 'check for automatic
updates' option if available, so that you don't get it blacklisted.

EAT  CONTACT

EAT is a closed group. We would consider only:

Excellent reverse-engineers
Experienced coders/scripters
Supplier of quality software who can do so on a
frequent basis (retail date not older then 6 months)

We do NOT want...
Distros, Shells, etc
Carders You aren't what the scene is & bring even more
security risk
Couriers

EAT  NEWS

::::::::::::::::::::::::::

GREETINGS

All our friends out there ...

Respect goes out to the competition
and to those who keep the scene secure

n0

NFO LAST UPDATE ON 2009