Evil Cuckold 5 XXX DVDRiP XviD - DivXfacTory

Starring	Phoenix Marie, Sean Michaels, Shay Fox, Gabriel, Slut Bottom Chris, Nicole Rider, Ariel Stonem

Too Hot For AVN! Featuring Phoenix Marie! Sean Michaels is a veteran performer and director whose talent, dry wit and enormous black cock are legendary. The latest in this suave stud's popular series of vignettes devoted to extreme adultery is 'Evil Cuckold 5.' Its four taboo-breaking scenes star dick-craving ladies seeking interracial satisfaction from Sean's huge member, as well as the unfortunate cuckolds who are obligated to watch - and even participate in their own total humiliation! Dark-haired, big-assed, bespectacled bitch Phoenix Marie wants revenge against her cheating man Chris. The unlucky husband comes home to find his busty spouse blowing the big, black insurance agent in a shameless betrayal of her wedding vows. Phoenix makes hubby lick her pussy as she's being fucked, ordering him to pump a black dildo up his own ass while watching Sean sodomize his wife. Chris rims her gaping asshole and licks Sean's semen off of her boobs! Married MILF Shay Fox seduces her personal trainer for some sweaty afternoon fun. The muscular, huge-breasted cheater rides Sean's huge unit and gets a gooey cum facial. Sean makes a house call to cute redhead Ariel Stonem. They're caught fucking by her husband, Jimmy, who turns out to be kinkier than Ariel even imagined: She disciplines Jimmy using a bondage hood, nipple clamps and a neutering chastity sleeve on his pathetic dick. Finally, Gabriel finds his woman Nicole Rider masturbating while staring at the black gardener... and devises a plan that will satisfy everyone. 'Evil Cuckold 5' breaks all the rules! This is the only Nicole Rider video.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=fcmti2i901g0jiqfvymd.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=extapm7o5okuwz5ffdv4.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=9meqeiog0jg5z536izfe.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=yoxsa0sk6fqrsqajsx5z.jpg