Ridge Racer Unbounded (2012) [PCDVD][MULTi6]
 
http://uk.pc.ign.com/objects/099/099679.html 
http://www.3djuegos.com/10618/ridge-racer-unbounded/

English:
--------
Year of release: March 30, 2012
Genre: Arcade / Racing (Cars) / 3D
Developer: Bugbear Entertainment
Publisher: Namco Bandai
Platform: PC

Publication Type: License (Steam-Rip)
Language: Russian (Rus), English (Eng), German (Ger), French (Fre), Spanish (Spa), Italian (Ita)
Language: English (Eng), German (Ger), French (Fre), Spanish (Spa), Italian (Ita)
Tablet: (THEGFW)
Size: 1.56 GB

Description: Ridge Racer Unbounded continues arcade racing series Ridge Racer, adding to it an unprecedented amount of destruction. The players have to leave the tracks directly on the streets, where they will destroy everything, destroy obstacles hindering and even buildings. Ridge Racer Unbounded will provide an opportunity to ride 20 cars, different appearance, settings and animation of the accident. The basis of the gameplay is arcade races with the possibility of drifting, jumping, destroying obstacles, using nitro to overtake rivals and jogging to the curb, and various tricks.

System requirements:
- OS: Windows XP, Vista SP2 32-bit, 7. [Windows up to date and latest service pack installed]
- Processor: Dual Core Athlon x2 2.6 GHz or Intel Equivalent
- Memory: 2 GB RAM
- Graphics: 512 MB RAM, ATI Radeon 4850 or higher, NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT or higher
- DirectX ┬«: 90c
- Hard Drive: 3 GB HD space
- Sound: DirectX Compatible
- Other Requirements: Broadband Internet connection

Features:
"Mchis, destroy, dominate! Street Racing with a unique physics of damage from the creators of a series of Flatout
"Symphony of destruction. If there is something you have embarked on the road, blew it to hell! Go ahead!
"Urban Legends. Wake a sleepy town of roaring engines, razed it to the ground and build a new one.
"The Expendables. Make a name for himself in the coolest gang of street racers and capture the city, district by district

Installing the game:
1) Run setup.exe, installed at a convenient place for you game client.
2) The contents of the folder NODVD THEGFW copy in a folder with a game, followed by the replacement of files.
3) Play.
4) Who departures occur, blocking the game access to the Internet