        The Walking Dead - Episode 3 "Long Road Ahead" (c) TellTale Games

08/2012: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: Steam
1: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: Adventure

The living will have to survive amongst the dead in this game based on The
Walking Dead, the widely acclaimed comic book series and television series
Across five dark and emotional episodes of gameplay, every decision and
action you take can result in the entire story of the game changing
around you

Based on Robert Kirkman's Eisner-Award winning comic book series, The
Walking Dead allows gamers to experience the true horror of the zombie
apocalypse

A tailored game experience -- Live with the profound and lasting consequences
of the decisions that you make in each episode. Your actions and choices
will affect how your story plays out across the entire series

Experience events that connect to the Walking Dead saga. Meet people and
visit locations that foreshadow the story of Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes
Meet Glenn before he heads to Atlanta, explore Hershel's farm before Rick
and his group of survivors arrive and before the barn becomes a notorious
location in Walking Dead lore

You'll be forced to make decisions that are not only difficult, but that
will require you to make an almost immediate choice. There's no time to
ponder when the undead are pounding the door down!

Installation:

1. Burn or mount the image

2. Install the game

3. Copy the content from /Crack directory on the DVD to the <install>
directory of the game. We recommend firewalling all game exes as well

6. Play the game

7. Support the software developers. If you like this game, BUY IT!


Minimum Requirements:

Pentium 4 2.0GHz
Athlon XP 1700+
GD CPU hardware score: 1

GeForce 205
Radeon HD 6290
GD GPU hardware score: 2

3 GB
GD RAM hardware score: 5
Win Xp 32
DX 9
2 GB

Recommended Requirements:

Core 2 Duo E4600 2.4GHz
Athlon 5050e Dual Core
GD CPU hardware score: 4

GeForce GT 130
Radeon HD 4650 1GB
GD GPU hardware score: 4

3 GB
GD RAM hardware score: 5
Win Xp 32
DX 9
2 GB 