Remove Logo from Video Software
Remove annoying logotypes, text overlays and non-removable subtitles from your videos in full auto mode! Remove Logo Now! will automatically analyze the video stream, locate and remove static overlays such as channel logos, unwanted subtitles and watermarks. The unique Inpainting algorithm gracefully removes static objects from video streams, leaving zero or close to zero visible traces even in the most complicated cases.
Static Logo Removal
This is the simplest mode. Remove Logo Now! has no difficulties locating and removing all static overlays in full auto mode. Semi-transparent logos are especially easy to remove, leaving no visible trace whatsoever.
Remove Imprinted Date and Time of Recording
One of the most annoying features of older camcorders was imprinting the date and time of recording, often accompanied with frame count, running timer or blinking red dot. All of these are long out of fashion today, yet some of your old footage may still have these annoying artefacts.
Remove Logo Now! will automatically process your videos to remove the imprinting. Just open a video file and use your mouse to select the area where your camcorder imprinted the numbers, and Remove Logo Now! will process the entire video file to clear the digits off your sight.
Batch Operation
Captured TV series broadcasted by the same channel? You can remove the annoying channel logos and watermarks quickly and easily. If you have a number of files featuring the same logo, you can process all of the files at the same time in batch mode. Just select all files you want to process, and Remove Logo Now! will apply exactly the same correction to all of them.
Native Video Support
Remove Logo Now! supports a wide range of video formats natively. You don't need to install any codecs into your system to open, process and save a video stream in any supported format. Remove Logo Now! recognizes the following video formats: AVI, MOV, M1V, MP2, SVCD, FLV, MP4, M2V, DVD, SWF, 3GP, MKV, WMV, and RM10.
On-the-Fly Video Format Conversion
Have a video file in exotic format? You don't have to cope with it! With Remove Logo Now!, you can save your video files in any supported format. In fact, you can even specify your own encoder, bitrate, and frame rate!
Language : Multilanguage


Tutorial :
