Any Video Converter Professional 

As a professional video converter, Any Video Converter Professional performs its excellence in video converting and video editing beyond your imagination. Easy-to-use interface, fast converting speed, loaded useful features are all integrated. This video converter helps you to enjoy videos on iPad, iPod, iPhone, PSP, Zune, other portable players and mobile phones never easier than before. Now, let's take a tour to learn more about this ultimate video converter. Besides ripping DVD and converting video, Any Video Converter also supports burning videos to DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW disc
New: Support WebM as input and output file format.


Features

Convert video between different formats
Convert all kinds of video formats, including MOV, M2TS, OGM, RMVB, RM, WMV, QT, FLV, MOD, TS, TP, DVR-MS, Divx, etc. to AVI, WMV, MP4, MPEG-1, MPEG-2, FLV, SWF, MKV, 3GP and 3G2 for all kinds of portable media players including iPod, iPhone, PSP, Zune; mobile phones including Google Nexus One, BlackBerry and Nokia and game consoles including PS3, Xbox360 and Wii. Click HERE to learn about the supported input formats and click HERE to learn about the supported output devices.

High-Definition video converter
Served as a high-definition video converter, Any Video Converter allows you to convert AVCHD (*.M2TS, *.MTS, *.TOD), HD MKV, HD H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, HD MPEG-2, HD MPEG Transport Stream (*.TS, *.TP, *.M2T) and other high-definition video formats to standard definition video formats. Besides, high-definition video output formats including AVI, WMV, MP4 and MKV (720P & 1080P) are also available. 

Built-in YouTube video downloader and YouTube video converter
Paste URL links of your favorite YouTube videos to the program, download to your hard drive and convert to video formats you need. Downloading only or downloading and converting are available. YouTube login feature is also built-in.
Besides, the program can download and convert videos from Google Video and Japanese NicoVideo.
The video converter allows you to specify the quality level by menu Edit > Option > Online Video.
Add "Flatten and add faststart to mp4 files" to enable mp4 streaming.

Editing videos easily
Despite the formats of the videos, you can merge multiple video files into a singe long video.
Help you to clip multiple segments in a video by setting start point and end point as you like. Or trim a section of the video by setting start time and end time.
Crop frame size to remove black bars and retain what you want only. You can either use intuitive drag-and-drop cropping window or set crop area size, left margin and top margin to achieve the goal.
Adjust the brightness, contrast, satuation, rotate or flip your video, add artistic effects like noise or sharpen to make your video different and special.
Prepare a .srt subtitle with your own dialogue and embed it into output video, set encoding, position, size and font for your own subtitle.

Burning video to CD/DVD/Blu-ray disc with DVD Menu
You can unfold Output Profile, choose Burning to DVD from the list, and then choose DVD video NTSC Movie or DVD video PAL Movie according to your TV system.
You can customize your CD/DVD as you like. Such as name your CD/DVD in DVD Menu Tile, browse music file from your local computer for your DVD in Background Music,change your DVD's background image in Background Image and etc. 
The program supports burning video to CD-R, CD-RW, DVD-RAM, DVD+R, DVD+RW, DVD+R Dual Layer, DVD-R, DVD-RW, DVD-R Dual Layer, random access writes, Blu-ray media, Blu-ray Rewritable media.

Easier operation and management
Batch add video files in different folders easily with a folder selection dialog. Batch convert video files to output profile you specified and auto shutdown after encoding is also available.
Embed useful pre-defined options to choose and completely customize frame size, video bitrate, audio bitrate by manually entering a value.

Multilingual user interface
User interface of Any Video Converter Professional covers 20 languages including English, Germany, French, Japanese, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Arabic, Spanish and Portuguese.


OS Supported:

Windows XP, Vista & Windows 7

Homepage: http://www.anvsoft.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Install Program
2. Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
3. Done, Enjoy.