* The Ultimate History Lesson - A Weekend With John Taylor Gatto * (2012) 

The Ultimate History Lesson is a 5 hour video course illustrating how an international agenda used public schooling as a weapon to crush the American Dream.  Liberate yourself by learning what elite private schools teach wealthy students.  

When John Taylor Gatto resigned from his job after becoming New York School Teacher of the Year, he did so on the Op-Ed page of the Wall Street Journal.

The Ultimate History Lesson is a five-hour interview with Gatto, memorializing his research, publications and life experiences.  It forms an impeccable resource and reference library on The Underground History of American Education.

Each hour examines the evolution of the malicious ideas which manifest today in the mind-crippling phenomenon of "public schooling". By dissecting the history and presenting you with the references, you receive information which will help you succeed in your own personal journey of discovery and personal freedom.

A .pdf book is included which contains a transcript and more than 200 primary sources, quotes, links, and suggested resources to expedite your own open-source education.

*** If you can afford to support this non-profit educational work, please visit http://theultimatehistorylesson.com and purchase a high-quality boxed DVD or Blu-Ray set.  It's the right thing to do.

Thank you for viewing!

-  MP4 Format 720p HD Video, Frame Rate: 29.97, ACC Stereo Audio -


More Resources:
 
http://johntaylorgatto.com
 
http://www.tragedyandhope.com
 
https://www.tragedyandhope.com/peace-revolution/
 
http://www.educationrevolution.org

Files included:
Ultimate History Lesson with John Taylor Gatto Hour 1 of 5.mp4
Ultimate History Lesson with John Taylor Gatto Hour 2 of 5.mp4
Ultimate History Lesson with John Taylor Gatto Hour 3 of 5.mp4
Ultimate History Lesson with John Taylor Gatto Hour 4 of 5.mp4
Ultimate History Lesson with John Taylor Gatto Hour 5 of 5.mp4
Ultimate History Lesson Transcript with Links and References.pdf
cover.jpg
description.nfo
description.txt
folder.jpg