ATOM PE Has Released it's next update! Now it's a Multi-boot iso that comes with all the great tools that was found in the original ATOM PE Software With some new Apps.

LIST OF APPS
:Folder:Clean up & Other
AutoRuns.exe-startup system profiler
CCleaner.exe- best clean up program i have ever found
NTPWEDIT.exe - changes or clears login passwords
PolEdit.exe - Edit polices in windows.
Procexp.exe - Process explorer, see details of what processes do what.
BIOS Mater Password Generator - BIOS Locked and unable to reset, this might help.

:Folder:Diag and HDD tools
HDTUNE - hard drive testing software
Prime95 - stress testing
Recuva- file recovery
Defraggler - Defrag tool
QA+WIN32 - Hardware testing
testdisk - data recovery
Victoria - Hard drive testing software 

:Folder:networking and browsers
dropbox - online storage
firefox - browser
UltraVNC - remote connection tool
Utorrent - duh
Wireshark -network analysis tool

:Folder:System information collection
BGinfo - displays very basic information on the background
CPUZ - displays detailed system information no temps
Speccy - Displays basic system information with temps
Notepad++ - Text editor
Produkey - pulls in all windows keys so that they can be copied.
unknowndevices - displays and easy to read hardware id that can be googled for the correct driver.
whatsinstartup - startup manager
bluescreenview - BSOD viewer
Serviwin.exe - See what drivers and services start up with windows.

:Folder: DEFAULT WINDOWS 7 FILE EXTENSION FIXES
run the giving key in to the os, restart, file extensions should now work.

:Folder:Downloadable
download.html - quick links to some tools.
RouterPasswords.html - Router default passwords.


Atom PE also includes a host of scanners:
A squared
AntiVir
ClamAV
Spybot -S&D


Boot-able iso:
MEMTEST
UBCD - Ultimate Boot CD
Clonezilla - Imaging 
Ubuntu 10 - for a linux users :D


If You like GOOD Software and Want to Keep it FREE! SEED!

IF you would like to provide feedback about ATOM PE and Freeware to be integrated into the system just use the submit feedback link in the launcher. 


-Thanks!