Bitchcraft 9 XXX DVDRip XviD - Pr0nStarS

Cast : Andy San Dimas, Lily Labeau, Dani Daniels, Sinn Sage, Chanel Preston, Nicki Hunter, Annikka Albrite, Cindy Starfall, Casey Cumz 

Description : "Perverted artist Jake Malone Continues HIS nasty return to form with" Bitchcraft 9, "the latest in his all-girl, fetish-filled series of intense female sexual dominance. The four scenes here star some of the director's favorite bitches manipulating their suffering submissives through an array of high-stakes erotic games in creatively alluring scenarios. First, sassy brunette mistress Nicki Hunter commands her gorgeous Asian plaything, Cindy Starfall, to perform a seductive lap dance, then kneel and orally service Nicki's huge strap-on dildo. After a delicious fucking, Nicki blindfolds Cindy, makes her ride a furiously vibrating Sybian machine and torments the young girl's pert nipples with a suction device. She leaves her satisfied slave in high-heeled suspension bondage! Next, Casey Cumz masturbates while professing her devotion to cruel, gorgeous blonde Lily LaBeau - the only woman who truly understands her SM obsession with horses . Meanwhile, fierce Domme Sinn Sage is controlling both women in an unbridled dungeon three-way involving face sitting, strap-on dildos and vibrator torture. Exquisite slut Andy San Dimas, wearing black latex stockings, is terrorized by busty Chanel Preston in a frenzied scene of twisted lesbian psychodrama. And stunning blonde Anikka Albrite undergoes some refined discipline at the evil hands of beautiful Dani Daniels, a power-crazed, exotic brunette who gags Anikka and pleasures her to climax. "Bitchcraft 9" was created for both fetish fiends and devotees of lesbian lust. It's loaded with unpredictable and extreme sensuality. These girls play rough! " Extras.

Screens:  
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=tmo16h65i0rd6dtkklae.jpg
  
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=r183xksan2yxoxcguots.jpg
  
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=7xj2e2p8n75nea9sfapi.jpg