Description
OPTIMIZED FOR iPHONE 4! High-definition graphics that fully utilize the iPhone 4 Retina display.

Suit up and rocket into the action as Iron Man or War Machine in the official movie game on iPhone/iPod touch. 

PLAY WITH IRON MAN OR WAR MACHINE
Play as Iron Man for speed and agility or suit up as War Machine for maximum firepower. Both suits offer easy-to-learn controls and the ability to run, hover and fly at will. You’ll also have the chance to jump into the Mark IV, Mark VI, Stealth and underwater suits. Whether you prefer to pound your foes in melee combat with your fists or to lay down the destruction from a far with your weapons, you can upgrade your suit after each stage with improved weaponry and abilities to devastate your foes. 

A BLOCKBUSTER GAME
Based on the most anticipated film of the year, Iron Man 2 delivers all the same action and excitement you’d expect from the movie with epic battles and massive enemies that will leave your chest pounding.

STARK OPPOSITION
Tony Stark’s enemies have their own super suited droness and they want to take Iron Man and War Machine down. Fight Ultimo, Firepower, Whiplash and armies of other enemies to prove that the only the original armored hero is the best.

THIS FIGHT IS GLOBAL
Battle across 9 locations across the globe constructed in full 3D, from Stark Expo in New York to a jungle war zone in Somalia.

HEAVY METAL
Get charged for battle with a powerful rock metal soundtrack including the rock classic, “Iron Man”.

ACHIEVE GREATNESS
Connect to Gameloft Live and unlock 25 different achievements that you show off to friends and prove you’re a real Iron Man.

Also available from Gameloft: Brothers In Arms®2: Global Front, N.O.V.A. – Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance, GT Racing: Motor Academy, James Cameron’s Avatar, Modern Combat: Sandstorm, Driver, Tom Clancy’s H.A.W.X.
*** Follow Gameloft on Twitter to get more info about this game and all our upcoming titles ator go read our official blog at http://blog.gameloft.com/ ***

Want to win awesome Iron Man 2 prizes?! Head to the Gameloft Fan Page on Facebook to enter our sweepstakes! You could win a next-gen console and more!
What's new in Version 1.0.3
Updated for iPhone 4 and iOS 4
- Crisp and gorgeous high-resolution graphics to take full advantage of the iPhone 4 Retina display

- Support for iOS 4 multitasking on compatible devices: switch between your favorite apps instantly
