ALMS American Le Mans Series race #2 at Long Beach on 14Apr12 - Blu-Ray BD9

This is the 2nd race of the 2012 season of the American Le Mans Series. Held in Long Beach California on Saturday, April 14, 2012. This race is a 2 hour timed race run over a 1.9 mile course on the surface streets in the downtown section. It is a very scenic setting right next to the Long Beach Harbor and the Pacific Ocean. 

The video is delivered as a 7.6GB .ISO file that can be burned directly to a dual-layer DVD-DL (DVD9) of 8.5GB. Then you can play the video on your living room Blu-Ray console, attached to your big-screen HDTV. And you don't need a Blu-Ray writer to create the disc. The disc structure is DVD while the video/audio is in Blu-Ray format. This hybrid format is called "BD9", or "Blu-Ray DVD" which comes in sizes 4.7GB and 8.5GB, whereas standard Blu-Ray is 25GB and 50GB.

If you don't want to burn a DVD immediately, but do want to watch the race, then you can "mount" the .ISO as a virtual DVD drive, using one of several free utility programs. I prefer the free "DAEMON Tools Lite". I've tried it on several computers and it works great. Once mounted you can access the video as if it is on a local attached drive. And it can be played with a Blu-Ray capable player, such as Cyberlink PowerDVD, Or even Windows Media Player, with the appropriate codecs
installed. I believe that Windows 7 has built-in support to play this hybrid Blu-Ray DVD. Other freeware players that work are VLC and DAPlayer.

Resolution 1280x648
Bitrate 9000Kbps AVCHD
Audio 448Kbps 48KHz Dolby 5.1 channel.

During the broadcast there was a continuous real-time sports score ticker banner running across the bottom of the screen. It included no race-specific data so it  detracted from the racing subject, so I decided to remove it. The vertical resolution has been reduced to approximately 648 pixels. I left the video in LetterBox format so that the vertical dimension would not be stretched and distort the people in the video. This also sets this video apart from others you might find for download. 

Also, there were a few broadcast glitches at about 30 minutes left in the race, with respect to the countdown timer that appears at the top of the screen. At one point the local video feed disappears for 5 seconds leaving only the top screen score board and the audio unaffected. Later the in-car camera produces a blocky image for a few seconds. And there are other small defects, all late in the race, and they only last for a few seconds. These are all broadcast-related as the top screen scoreboard still displays the countdown timer in perfect sync, and the audio is never affected. If you can accept these few problems then you will receive a HiDef Blu-Ray (BD9) that you can easily archive and then watch again over the years to come.

Enjoy!

