Year: 2012
Country: USA
Genre: Gonzo, Anal, Russian Girls
Duration: 2:51:00
English
Directed by: Rocco Siffredi
Studio: Evil Angel
Cast: Jessie Volt, Avril Sun, Kid Jamaica, Grase, Hanna Benz, Rocco Siffredi, Denise, Franco Roccaforte, Karry, Lioness, Amelie, Mike Angelo

Description: There's an old saying: "Crazy in the head, crazy in the bed." Legendary director / performer Rocco Siffredi has taken that timeless wisdom to the extreme, seeking out the wildest, most unpredictable young ladies he can find for erotic adventures. The all-new "Rocco's Psycho Teens 3" showcases a gaggle of these nubile nuts that flip their lids for a huge slab of dick. And these kooky teenagers love to work in pairs! This four-scene collection is a smutty feast for fans of intense anal threesomes with a fun loving flair. First, sassy sluts Jessie Volt and Avril Sun drill each other's asshole with dildos and probing tongues before sharing laborer Kid Jamaica's big black cock. They enjoy a nasty anal frolic of gaping assholes and ass-to-mouth cocksucking. Lioness is a tanned brunette with a twisted gleam in her eyes. The psychotic cutie expands her rectum with a pounding from Mike Angelo, and her pretty blonde friend Amelie joins in for a strap-on-style double-penetration. Dark-haired race fans Denise and Karry fuck the winner of an ATV competition in the snow. The kinky girls take an interracial ride on huge stud Franco Roccaforte and end up licking his sperm from their adorable bare feet. Finally, the director gives art students Grase and Hanna Benz an epic ass reaming. Says Rocco, "'Psycho Teens' is the reason many of my fans around the world would like to be in porn! And me too, of course - with those teens, I love to be their play doll!"



Video quality: DVDRip
Video format: AVI
Video: 608x336 (1.81:1), 29.98 fps, XviD MPEG-4 ~ 1056 kbps
Audio: 48 kHz, MPEG Layer 3, 2 ch, ~ 128.00 kbps avg
 
http://imgload.me/img-50a2a8d909c1b.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-50a2a8d9237d9.html 
 
http://imgload.me/img-50a2a8d93b3c5.html 