[b]DVD Audio Extractor v7.0.2 Incl Crack ~HuNtEr~[/b]


Description: DVD Audio Extractor is a powerful software DVD audio extracting / ripping tool. It can help you to extract audio streams from your favorite DVD-Audio and DVD-Video discs and save them as OGG, MP3, Wave or FLAC files. DVD Audio Extractor can also demux audio streams directly to mlp, pcm, mpa, ac3 or dts files. The unique CD Image creating feature allows you to convert DVD to Audio CD in one step. DVD Audio Extractor runs on Windows and Mac OS X. DVD Audio Extractor features on its easy-to-use interface, ultra-fast extracting speed, rich audio formats support, multi-channel capability, resample to arbitrary sample rate, audio preview and much more. ItΓÇÖs all what you needed to get audios out of DVD discs, so that you can listen on MP3 Player, play on PC, record to CD or do anything else.


Features:

    DVD Audio Extractor is designed in sense of easy use. The program comes with a step by step wizard-like interface and all the functions can be used by simple mouse clicks.
    With its fully optimized processing engine, DVD Audio Extractor can convert selected audio tracks within 10% of the playback time. (Note: processing time differs for different audio format settings)
    DVD Audio Extractor can decode all the audio formats available on DVD-Video: Dolby Digital (AC-3), MPEG1/2, Linear PCM (any 16, 20 or 24 bit, 48000 or 96000 Hz sample rate, 1 to 8 channels), and DTS (Digital Theater Systems).
    DVD Audio Extractor is able to encode to several formats: OGG (Mono, Stereo or 5.1 Surround), MP3 (Mono, Stereo or Joint Stereo) and Uncompressed PCM Wave (unlimited channel, 8 bits, 16 bits or 24 bits, with an option to save each channel to separate file).
    The newly added CD Image creating feature allows you to convert DVD to Audio CD in one step.
    The newly added audio play/preview feature allows you to listen to the selected chapters, so that you can be sure those chapters are really what you wanted to extract. You can also use DVD Audio Extractor as a standalone Audio Player for DVD-Video discs.

How to :

Install the app
Copy the file inside crack folder to installation folder
Done !!