This revised edition of Weapons and Warfare has grown from 2 volumes in 2001 to 3 volumes and has added 56 new essays along with 2 new appendixes, for a total of 141 essays and 7 appendixes. The focus continues to be on technical and strategic development, but the new third volume discusses the cultural, sociopolitical, and ethical aspects of weaponry and warfare. All previous entries have been updated, and 22 essays and appendixes received heavy revision and expansion. Each essay contains expanded bibliographies and either a new or extended section on films and other media. Included in all three volumes are maps, time lines for some entries, and photographs and drawings. More than 100 contributors wrote the essays, which are arranged chronologically within thematic groups in the first two volumes. Volume 1 covers the ancient and medieval world (up to 1500 CE), and volume 2 covers the modern world (since 1500 CE). In each of these volumes, the nature, use, and the development of weapons for the time periods are covered first, followed by essays on the military achievement; weaponry and uniforms (and armor, if pertinent); military organization; and doctrine, strategy, and tactics of specific cultures and empires. Volume 3 contains 35 overviews of the impact of warfare on culture, society, science, morality, and justice and on the theories, strategies, and policies that take place ΓÇ£behind the battlefield.ΓÇ¥ Also in volume 3 are a comprehensive subject index and a grouping of 7 appendixes in a section called ΓÇ£Research Tools.ΓÇ¥ These appendixes include annotated lists of war films, war literature, military theorists, and Web sites along with a lexicon of military terms, a time line, and an annotated bibliography. Volume 1 contains a list of illustrations, maps, and time lines, and all three volumes contain the list of contents, an alphabetized index of essays, and a categorized index of essays. The new material adds value to this well-organized and accessible resource, which would be a good addition to high-school, academic, and public library collections. Purchase of the print set comes with free access to the online version until December 31, 2011, through the Salem History database