Cyber Update Apr.2012DB-20175 Felony Mp4 + Pics





SCENE 1

Felony is held in strappado with an unforgiving forged metal restraint system, a cruel metal bit gag, and hair bondage with leather. To add to her predicament she is made to balance in ballet boots. This bitch deserves some red to her skin. We want to see her struggle. Her clothes are ripped off and nipple clamps added. She gets a brief reprieve as a vibrator is added to make her position more tolerable. We want to see her endure the bondage. Leather straps are added to her breasts and the crop returns. She has earned a reward and a nice slippery cock on a stick is slid and trapped into her cunt with a leather strap. Adding a vibrator, we get to watch her struggle in the cruel metal as she cums.


SCENE 2

Increasing the challenge of the bondage, Felony is encased in a latex corset, latex thigh high stockings, high heels, and latex opera length gloves. She is bound squatting with her knees pried open by leather restraints and fastened to metal poles. Her arms are spread open with leather strapping on metal too, and her head is encased with two gags. The more obvious is a clear face hugger head harness. The second, an inflatable gag expanding into her mouth, gagging her entirely. We get to see the inflation demonstrated filling her mouth hole. Then the cunt and asshole get the same inflatable treatment - stretching and expanding her clearly vulnerable holes. We get to see her continuously tormented with the inflation and stretching of all of her orifices and then her tits and cunt flogged and caned. After paying the price of pain, we get to see her explode into an incredible squirting orgasm.


SCENE 3

Finally we get to see Felony's flexibility challenged. She is installed in a back breaking back arch with metal and leather straps. The first thing we get to do is see this bitch suffer with skewer clamps on her tits. She clearly doesn't enjoy it, but we want to see her struggle more. Her cunt gets flogged and its a clear challenge for her to breathe. With the continuation of cruelty she gets a no warm up anal pogo installed in her asshole. Back to pussy flogging. She needs to earn her reward like a good slut. Another dildo is added to her cunt in a beautiful display of double penetration. The vibrator returns and we get to see her cum at her most vulnerable and most challenged. She speaks in tongues and explodes in amazing orgasms in a not to be missed shoot!


Screens  http://www.devicebondage.com/site/shoot.jsp?shootId=20175


Cheers  :-)