Folder Lock is fast file-security software that can password-protect, lock, hide, and encrypt any number of files, folders, drives, pictures, and documents in seconds. Locked files are undeletable, unrenamable, unmovable, hidden, and inaccessible. You can lock, scramble, or encrypt depending on speed and security. Folder Lock is fully portable, so you can protect your files on USB flash drives, disks, CD-RWs, notebooks, and hard disks, and it doesn't require installation on another PC. Folder Lock protects files in Windows, DOS, and Safe modes, even when you change your OS or boot from a disk. Folder Lock doesn't let you delete its own program folder, and it can't be uninstalled without the correct password. Additional options include Stealth Mode, Hacker Attempt Monitoring, Shred files, AutoLock, Auto Shutdown PC, Lock your PC, Erase PC tracks, 256-bit Blowfish Encryption and Context Menu in Explorer.

Encrypt Files
Encrypt your personal files using 256-bit on-the-fly encryption technology totally dynamic and fool-proof.

Protect USB / CD
Convert your encrypted storages into executables and take your portable drives anywhere.

Make Wallets
Store sensitive information in encrypted form. A safe haven for private info like Credit Cards and Bank Accounts.
Run Application in complete Stealth.
Don't let anyone know you ever installed Folder Lock on your PC.

Password Security
Restrict access to various parts of the application with use of admin level master password.

Auto Protection
Set inactivity based security policy in order to secure everything when you're away from your PC.

Hack Security
Don't let hackers use dictionary attacks. Monitor, control and perform actions on incorrect password attempts.

Shred Files
Shred and permanently delete restorable files, folders and drives and even empty hard drive space.

Lock Files
Protect important files from unwanted access by blocking visibility or access to files, folders and drives.

Backup Online
Backup all your encrypted files automatically to an online storage and easily restore it back.

Install:

- run setup
- insert serial