LIFE WITH ARCHIE #22

“Archie Marries Veronica” – Archie and Veronica butt heads when the married couple can’t see eye to eye on Archie’s job offer from Mr. Lodge’s business rival, Fred Mirth! Tempers flare when the typically laid-back Jughead discovers Ethel has a new flame in her life plus the strain of reality television begins to take its toll on reluctant star Betty. Is an onscreen meltdown just around the corner? Emotions are at an all-time high in Riverdale and yet all these personal dramas are soon to be dwarfed by the shocking news that one of the gang has been shot!

“Archie Marries Betty” – In Archie’s counter-part reality, the gang welcomes back an old friend in need of support during a trying time. Cheryl Blossom breaks the news of her cancer diagnoses in the most touching issue of Life with Archie yet, proving that in Riverdale, home is truly where the heart is!

LIFE WITH ARCHIE #23

"Archie Marries Veronica" – Tragedy has struck Riverdale! Upon hearing the news of Clay’s shooting, the gang all rally around Kevin in support. Will Clay survive or meet a heartbreaking end? As Reggie and Betty contemplate the future of their reality show, others struggle with life-altering decisions. Moose’s political opportunity of a lifetime is presented before him but is he prepared for it? And what news does Veronica have to divulge that will shake up the family business forever?

“Archie Marries Betty” – Archie and his business partners have just booked the biggest band in the world for their club’s opening night! All that’s left is to schedule the opening act – is an Archies reunion in the cards? Cheryl continues to fight the good fight with her chemo treatments and having a friend like Veronica along makes it all the more bearable. Don’t miss this touching issue that proves no matter how rough life gets in Riverdale, the gang is ready to take on anything life throws at them – together.

LIFE WITH ARCHIE #24

“Archie Marries Veronica” – Change is afoot in Riverdale! After the devastating shooting of his partner, Kevin rethinks his risky career path while Clay recuperates. Kevin’s not the only one with a career shift in mind as Veronica moves on from Lodge Industries and Riverdale’s Mayor Moose contemplates making a political move to the senate. Plus, it’s the premiere of Reggie and Betty’s reality show at the Chok’lit Shoppe and Jughead is pulling out all the stops to make it a Hollywood-style event! In a night filled with excitement, Kevin has an announcement that will set the scene for many issues to come!

“Archie Marries Betty” – It’s the reunion we’ve all been waiting for as The Archies reunite to help raise money for a worthy cause. Jellybean’s unreliability comes to a head with older brother Jughead after the stress of Midge’s pregnancy takes its toll. Conflicts aside, this issue is a can’t-miss affair with Josie and the Pussycats making their Life with Archie debut as the headlining act for the grand opening of Archie’s new music club.

LIFE WITH ARCHIE #25

“Archie Marries Veronica” – After the smashing success of their television debut, Betty and Reggie have a decision to make whether they want to continue down the reality TV path. Are these two primed for the spotlight? Clay recovers from his gunshot wound as husband Kevin contemplates his career shift into politics. As Archie and Veronica start up their new business ventures, things seem to be looking up for the happy couple for the first time in a long while. But does enterprising billionaire Fred Mirth’s expanding reach jeopardize their future?

“Archie Marries Betty” – After getting overlooked at work and upstaged by his students, Archie’s outlook is not so bright these days. Jughead makes the transition to fatherhood with a baby on the way, meaning he’s also looking out for his kid sister’s best interest whose boyfriend is sketchy at best. While Cheryl stays positive about her fight with breast cancer, someone close to the gang is about to have a brush with death and nothing can prepare you for the heart-stopping ending.

This special 25th issue features a cover by original Life with Archie artist Norm Breyfogle plus a wrap-around variant cover by current LWA artist Fernando Ruiz!
