FlexiServer Productivity & Attendance Software


Easily track employee attendance and computer usage

FlexiServer tracks staff hours and computer activity. It makes tracking hours worked, vacation and sick leave easier for both HR and employees. It also has computer usage monitoring for quality control, security or legal compliance.

Track staff check in times and working hours
Know what your staff is working on
Create a flexible working environment
View reports for each employee
Track Employee Hours and Attendance

FlexiServer is software for automatic employee time attendance logging. It also features additional tools for quality assurance monitoring and reporting, and works with home or remote employees.

Know What Staff Members Are Working On

FlexiServer gives managers the confidence they need to know that things are getting done without needing to micro-manage. Monitoring is non-invasive and respects the employees' need for privacy, allowing them to enter private mode when necessary, while creating a paper trail that can be referenced should there be need.

Create a Flexible Working Environment

With FlexiServer you can track and monitor employee hours from a remote location. Simply have work-at-home staff or other remote employees install FlexiStaion to monitor the hours put in away from the office.
Improve Productivity and Efficiency

Improve the way your business operates by using reports for job-costing. Know exactly what tasks your staff is working on and which are taking the most time. See what percentages of a staff member's time are spent in each application.
Additional Benefits

Employees don't need to fill out time sheets to record their hours
Employers don't need to constantly remind staff to record and submit their hours
Human Resources and managers have 24/7 access to hours and reports
Management can easily monitor outsourced, contract or remote employees
Employees can work more flexible hours, working when and where they want
Prevent computer or misuse such as viewing pornography or illegal downloads

Features

Logs employee time attendance automatically
Detects breaks and idle time automatically
Alternatively enter hours manually through a web form
Private mode available to employees for extra privacy on breaks or when completing personal tasks
Takes and archives screenshots on five minute intervals
Link hours and attendance information to payroll software
Shows the online status of all team members
Real time screen monitoring available for Quality Assurance
Email monitoring can store all emails sent by employees
Generate reports on employee application and document usage
No extra hardware or dedicated server is required, FlexiServer can run on an HR or manager's computer
Works behind fire walls and routers
Can be used over the internet or a local network

How It Works

The manager or bookkeeper runs FlexiServer on their computer. Whenever the manager or bookkeeper wants to view reports they can log onto FlexiServer with their web browser and use the control panel.
All staff then run FlexiStation on their computers. FlexiStation runs in the background logging hours worked. Workstations will monitor hours even if the FlexiServer computer is offline, all the cached data will be sent to FlexiServer when it comes back online. FlexiStation provides employees a subset of features so they can manually enter hours, view individual reports, request time-off or report a colleague who has called in sick.

System Requirements:

FlexiServer - For the Main Computer	
Works on Windows 7, XP, Vista and 8
This can be a manager's computer. No dedicated server is required.

Homepage: http://www.nchsoftware.com/flexi/index.html

Installation Instructions:

1. Install program.
2. Use given key to register application.
3. Done, Enjoy.