Format: MKV


Aspect Ratio: Widecreen 1.85.1


RIPPED FROM ITUNES ADD FREE NO ANNOYING TV SYMBOL ON SCREEN

Allison is kidnapped, finding herself bound and gagged with her father, who reveals this to be the first training session for her to become a hunter. In addition, he also reveals that in the Argent clan, females are the leaders, meaning that Mrs. Argent is the head of the hunters, and Allison is in line to become the leader of them soon. At school the next day, an epileptic girl named Erica attempts to climb the rock wall, only to have an episode and end up in Mrs. McCall's care in the hospital. Before the doctor can see her, however, Derek delivers the bite upon the promise that her illness would vanish. Jackson confronts Lydia, citing her as the sole reason that he couldn't transform into a werewolf. Shortly after this, Lydia notices a strange, barefooted man snooping around the school, disturbing her. She, Scott, and Stiles also witness a remarkably different Erica walk into the cafeteria, and are dumbfounded. Later, the three of them and Allison go on a double date to the ice rink, where Lydia hallucinates a man encased under the ice and subsequently panics. Jackson attempts to interrogate Derek as to why he hasn't transformed, but instead is confronted by Chris and his team, who insist he cease snooping. Mrs. Argent, meanwhile, discovers a love note from Scott to her daughter, and investigates. Scott and Stiles notice that their classmate, Boyd, is missing, and determine that Derek must have recruited him. While Stiles is searching for him, Erica attacks him and knocks him out. Scott has more success in finding Boyd at the ice rink. However, upon trying to stop him from joining Derek's pack, he's attacked by Derek, Erica, and Isaac, the latter of whom now completely has embraced his condition. Despite beating the Betas, Derek easily beats Scott, who goes to the Veterinarian for treatment. He reveals that Scott's wounds won't heal because they were inflicted by an Alpha. Jackson, meanwhile, is practicing lacrosse in frustration. While leaving, his truck becomes stuck in the mud. While attempting to move it, he exhibits a large bout of strength, lifting the back end of the vehicle into the air. 
