CAD Viewer 10

CAD Viewer 10 is designed to be easy to use for the non-CAD user, but CAD professionals will also appreciate features such as Back and Forward browsing, multiple file selection and batch printing. Supports all DXF and DWG versions to AutoCAD 2013 as well as HGPL and multiple raster formats.

CAD Viewer 10 features include:

Intuitive User Interface - anyone can use it!
View and print all AutoCAD DXF and DWG drawings up to AutoCAD 2013 NEW
View PDF drawings
Save to PDF
Browser style Forward/Back buttons allow multiple (up to 240) drawings to be loaded simultaneously.
Intuitive User Interface
Inquire Coordinates
Auto-rotate printed pages for best fit NEW
Hold and Drag Pan method
Layers Control, including Named Layer States
3D pre-defined and user defined Views
Can be called by other applications as a window for Viewing and/or Printing CAD drawings.
Free upgrades for 12 months
Enquire on Attributes attached to entities, Xdata supported.
Read BMP, CAL, GIF, GP4, JPEG, PNG, TIFF raster formats.
View ESRI shapefiles
Read HPGL, HP-GL/2 (.PLT) plotter formats
Read DWF (Drawing Web Format)
ECW format support NEW
TrueType fonts mapping
3D Shade / Render
Can be used for 'slide show' presentations.
Inquire on individual entities - export coordinates / vertices
Thicken printed line widths
High quality print output
Print to Exact Scale
Save to BMP, JPG, TIF, CAL, GIF, PNG, PDF
Batch Command available as an extension - Print single or multiple drawings via the command line with no limit on the number of drawings to print
Reads Xrefs
Paper Space / Model Space toggle
Layouts support
View, print, save, convert via the command line.
Supports Viewports
Multiple drawings selection via File Open or Windows Explorer
Text Search
Direct read of ZIP files
German Version, French Version
Low price!
Upgrade
The straight forward interface makes the software particularly suitable for non-CAD users. The software can essentially become a 'Map Viewer', 'Land Titles Viewer', 'House Plan Viewer', 'Inventory Parts Viewer' etc.

Supported OS:

Operating Systems: Windows 2000/2003/2008/Citrix/XP/XP x64/Vista/Vista 64/Win7/Win7 x64

Homepage: http://www.guthcad.com/viewer.htm

Installation Instructions:

- Install program
- Copy content from crack folder and paste into default installation directory.
- Run "Regme" and merge it to registry.
- Done, Enjoy.