Follow my uploads here:                             
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                              
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Unique, exclusive battery indicator in status bar with widget!
Battery Indicator is a free, lightweight application that displays battery information in Android's status bar and home screen.
Is android battery level indicator not enough for you? This app solves this problem.

Features:

    Unique, elegant graphics with exclusive character.
    Many configuration options (and still growing) - you can enable or disable and adjust many functionalities.
    Home screen widgets.
    Displays estimated time left to fully discharge or charge.
    Displays colorful icon with exact percentage of battery level in status bar with one-percent accuracy.
    Big readable digits in status bar.
    Quick access to more details by sliding down from top of the screen to show Android notifications or by clicking on home screen widget.
    Displays current velocity of charging or discharging (in percent per hour).
    Indicators colors are changing depending on battery level and state.
    Two view modes: standard and detailed, switched quickly and easily by sliding panel.
    Many detailed information, such as temperature, voltage, health, plugged state, battery technology, time from last status change etc.
    One percent accuracy. 
    Quick access to Android's "Battery usage" screen.
    More coming soon.

Application is currently available in following languages:

    English
    Polski
    Français
    한국어
    Nederlands
    Tiếng Việt
    Română
    Pусский

What's in this version : (Updated : Sep 19, 2012)

    Bugfixes:
        Some crash fixes.
        Fixed horizontal layout issues.
    Changes:
        Added support of graphical interface themes and white theme added.
        Hebrew, Slovak, Arabic, Mongolian, Japanese, Traditional Chinese, Indonesian and Norwegian Bokmal language versions added.
        Ukrainian and French language versions updated.

Required Android O/S : 2.1+



                                By bobiras2009		