Music from the Dominican Republic: Vol. 1 - 4, Recorded by Verna Gillis and Ramon Daniel Perez Martinez [Folkways] (4LP192kb)

Volume 1 - The Island of Quisqueya
"Lying midway between Puerto Rico and Cuba in the West Indies is the Dominican Republic, a country which occupies the eastern two-thirds of an island it shares with the country Haiti. The aboriginal name of the island was Quisqueya, which means ‘mother of the earth.’ When Columbus discovered the island in 1492 he renamed it ‘Española.’ In Santo Domingo, founded in 1496, one still sees the remains of the first church built in America. Here is the house where Cortes kept the court records before he had even heard of Mexico. From here Ponce de León set out in search of the Fountain of Youth..." 

Volume 2 - The Island of Espanola
In the Dominican Republic, syncretism between African traditions and Catholicism often manifests itself in songs and rituals. On this album "Sarandunga," a celebration that honors St. John the Baptist, offers an excellent example. Another selection, “Guay, guay, guay,” features melismatic singing and polyrhythmic percussion created by palos drums (a cylindrical drum of African origin). "Morena Linda (Beautiful Black Woman)" and "Caminan las Nubes (The Clouds Are Moving)" feature strummed guitar, maracas, and call-and-response between male and female vocalists.

Volume 3 - Cradle of the New World
Music from the Dominican Republic: Vol. 3, Cradle of the New World, continues in the vein of prior volumes in the series, offering songs that range from religious salves in praise of the Virgin Mary to dances such as the cumbia, the national dance of Colombia. Palos drums, which can reach up to 5 ft. in height, are featured prominently in both secular and religious songs and provide percussion for accordion and vocal melodies. 

Volume 4 - Songs from The North
Bordering the Atlantic Ocean, the northern areas of the Dominican Republic are home to the Cordillera Septentrional mountains and farmlands in the Cibao valley. Songs such as "Canto de Hacha (Chopping Song)" and "Tumbando el gri-gri (Felling the gri-gri)" are intended to accompany woodcutting and feature overlapping a capella solo and chorus singing. Also included are dances such as "Bolero," which features maracas and Spanish guitar.