 http://www.freeimage.us/image-D053_4F38065D.jpg

Zumba Fitness Rush XBOX360-PROTON

THIS GAME REQUIRES THE KINECT SENSOR!

Following the worldwide best-selling original, Zumba Fitness Rush builds on that phenomenal success 
while elevating the exercising game category to a new level of fun, effective fitness. This cutting
edge experience layers in a wealth of exclusive content only available on Kinect, plus lots of new 
features and improvements that amp up the dance fitness play so you can party yourself into shape! 

Players can get a total body workout with 42 electrifying new routines, and feel the rush with three 
different game modes you can play solo or with a friend.

Features:
50% more content than Zumba Fitness 2 on Wii: more routines, more venues and more instructors, plus 
voice control, online connectivity and DLC support for the most feature-rich, interactive Zumba 
experience to date.

Get a total body workout with 42 electrifying new routines and music tracks (10 exclusive to Kinect), 
now featuring hits from todays hottest artists including Pitbull, Nicole Scherzinger and Yolanda Be 
Cool & DCUP, along with contagious Zumba originals that let you lose yourself to the music.

Learn 24 different dance styles as you play (more than twice the number in the original game). From 
fan favorites like Merengue, Salsa and Cumbia to new additions that include Axe, Bollywood, Ragga, 
Bachata, Latin Pop, Quebradita, Batucada, Pasodoble and more, Rush lets you experience a broad range 
of cultural rhythms from around the world.

Dance naturally hands-free with Kinect technology that enables full body motion tracking for an 
unencumbered interactive workout.

Two player support lets you party together with friends and family members in a cooperative format.

Voice control for menu navigation gets you dancing even faster.

Single Song lets you dance any routine of your choice and the new song preview feature gives you a feel 
for each rhythm. Full Class is a work-out block of routines in 20, 45 or 60 minute formats. Create your 
own custom workouts by saving a playlist of your favorite music and choreography. Learn the Steps is 
revamped tutorial mode that lets you learn at your own pace by breaking down the four core dance styles 
into the basics. Slow down or speed up each module as you receive focused per limb feedback that helps 
you master each move and build confidence.

Follow along as 6 superstar Zumba instructors (3 exclusive to Kinect) guide you through each routine: 
Beto, Tanya Beardsley, Gina Grant, Kass Martin, Jason Thompson and Erica Pierce. New 3D avatars of each 
instructor make playing the game feel like taking a live class with Zumbas elite!

Get your party on in 10 dynamic environments Miami Yacht, LA Nightclub, Rooftop, VIP Pool Party and Music 
Video Set plus 5 Kinect exclusive venues: Bollywood, Rio Carnivale, Scandinavian Ice Hotel, New York City 
Street and Las Vegas.

New video cueing system makes the choreography easier to follow for new players.

New Progress Tracker tallies every workout statistic, including calories burned, achievements earned, 
overall rank and technique score.

Accessible gameplay features Low, Medium and High Intensity routines tiered for all skill levels plus a 
full Tutorial mode.

Earn achievements and unlock exclusive behind-the-scenes videos as you play.

In game class locator lets you find an instructor near you so you can try a live Zumba class and become 
part of the community.

Post launch downloadable content will offer new dance style packs and hit music via Xbox LIVE

Platform: XBOX360
Region: Region FREE
Genre: Sports / Fitness
Publisher: Majesco
Developer: Zoe Mode
Language: English
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-B512_4F38065D.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-AB42_4F38065D.jpg