Brutal sexual domination, Category 5 single ankle rope suspension with massive squirting orgasms! |  Felony Matt Williams
September 24, 2012


MP4 only.


Welcome back Felony to Sexual Broken. This amazing MILF is as hot a they cum. With huge tits, a strong flexible body, and a throat that loves cock pushed all the way down it, Felony is the total package. 

This was our meet and greet with Felony, in other words her first scene of the day. It is a scene where we go in and create bondage before your eyes. It is completely ad-libbed, spontaneous and fluid. Best of all, we do all the bondage on screen from the start to the finish so you at home can see how it is really done. 

Sitting in a reverse prayer tie, Felony must wait in her short sexy dress for our attention. We come in and hood her with a creepy pantyhose mask. We then tape over her eyes so she has no idea what is coming next. Before she can really understand what is happening to her, a cock is jammed deep into her mouth. Now she is fighting for air. We skull fuck her pretty MILF mouth deep and rough. 

We rip out her massive tits and manhandle her all over the stage. We lift her to her feet, twist her around and slip a cock into her wet, dripping pussy. She is helpless to resist and cums hard from the intense pounding. We knock her back to the ground and vibrate a screaming, struggling orgasm out of her. Once she cums from that we finger blast her to another catastrophic squirting orgasm. The MILF is spent, left on the ground in her own cum and out of breath. We have one more brutal surprise for her. 

We quickly tie up one ankle with rope, then while vibrating her to another orgasm we suspend her in a category 5 suspension. She has no idea what is happening as she goes airborne. Her body cums again and she left to swing from one ankle until we decide to dote on her again.

 Tired of waiting an entire week for new content? Tired of just one model a week? Join Sexually Broken today, we update 3 times a week with a different hot beautiful porn star! All your favorites here on Sexually Broken, the best Sex and Submission site on the net. 


Screens   
http://www.sexuallybroken.com/sexual/bondage/2012/09_24felony/SexuallyBroken-Felony-Matt-Williams-Brutal-sexual-domination-Category-5-single-ankle-rope-suspension-with-massive-squirting-orgasms.php

8000 uploads and counting, if you like what Shallow2 and I upload, how about leaving us a nice comment below ? :)   
 
Cheers  :-)  
		