The Art Of Allowing, Vol III "San Rafael, CA"


This powerful workshop series demonstrates the simple proven techniques that will allow 
you to easily create anything you desire!


Included in Part 1:

How life works. 
Why you're getting what you're getting.
Contrast puts the eternalness in eternity. 
A belief is just a thought you keep thinking. 
Feel the way you would feel if you had it. 
Quantum leaps are possible but very uncomfortable. 
A headache is a wonderful thing. 
How to stop yelling at the walls.
Access denied by you.


Included in Part 2:

Allowing is unconditional love. 
Worrying is practicing the art of resistance. 
Play with new desires until they feel familiar. 
The thing about past lives. 
Hold the vision because it feels good. 
Your job is to want it.
You cannot suffer your way into well-being. 
Heaven's Gate swings both ways. 
Happy happy happy happy happy all the time.


Included in Part 3:

Have faith in your manager. 
Non-physical guidance comes in impulses.
The placemat process. 
Signals of alignment. 
Deja vu. 
When Middle East fanatics give their lives to blow up buildings. 
There's no resting in heaven. 
Align your own energies and the neighbors will come into harmony.
Banging into trees is better than not wanting.


Included in Part 4:

Hold only thoughts that thrill you. 
The Universe cannot buck your current. 
Finding a "Soul Mate." 
The difference between wanting and yearning. 
When it feels like the next logical step, then it is.
Take a nap. 
Reach for a thought because it feels better. 
Create from the inside out. 
Every stick in the pile has two ends.


Included in Part 5:

Family harmony through self-fulfillment. 
Letting go of injury worries.
Bad psychic readings reflect resistance. 
All healing is energetic. 
When an ex-mate threatens suicide. 
Now is where all your power is. 
What about the innocent babies? 
Good teachers facilitate natural desires.
Abraham offers audio ecstasy.

