Front Mission Second for Playstation One                       Rel. 09/25/1997

 

Format:        CD-R NTSC-J
Lang.:         English Patched
Discs:         1
Image:         ISO
Requirements:  Modded/Chipped Playstation or Ps2, Breaker Pro/Boot-cd, 
               Game Enchancer/Built-in Mod, or psx emulator.
               (You only need to use one of these mentioned methods)


Compressed with 7zip. Game was tested and works.



Note: No Psone Backup Disc/game or copy will work unless your Psone or Ps2 
      Console is modded, or if you use a Boot Disc like Breaker Pro, or
      Use a Game Enchancer Plug in Port which is like a boot disc and
      Can Load Backups.




Release Notes - There are some things in the game that are still in Japanese.
                But game is mostly playable with english. An Event Script
                Is provided translated to english so you can understand
                parts of the game which are still in Japan Language.




Game Description:

In 2102 the People's Republic of Alordesh is a tinderbox of unrest. After years of 
colonial exploitation by the Ocena Community Union, the country has been left to rot. Now three soldiers stationed in Alordesh and pilots of the giant fighting
machines called wanzers, are about to become caught up in a conflict beyond their
imagination.

The player assumes the role of an OCU Wanzer squad in 22nd century Aroldesh. One night while on routine patrol, the OCU base is infiltrated and attacked. Civil war is now loosed upon the nation of Aroldesh as a coup d'etat is staged. 

Front Mission 2 is the first 3D title in the strategy/RPG series and the first to hit the Playstation. An isometric view is used to navigate your Wanzers (mech) on the battlefield. When the player engages an enemy the view switches to a 3rd-person perspective which shows the results of the battle. Between missions you can upgrade your Wanzer and talk with NPCs who will move the story forward. The game features over 30 missions and dozens of skills and weapons to outfit your crew with. 



Game Pics Included.


Burn with Alcohol 120% (Included).


Set DataType to Playstation (Write Method Raw/Dao) and burn at 8x Speed.

Use Verbatim or Tayio Yuden CD-R Media for best quality, or if other media isn't
working.


If this is working fine for you let us know post a comment.


Please Seed This When your done.

(I Can't seed 24/7 do your part and seed to keep the torrent healthy).




Enjoy!			