            CARG Release Seventeen Magazine Collection PDF MEGAPACK. 



Be sure to check out the other CARG PDF release's. To show your support for the time and effort in building this collection, Please seed at full speed during and after download so that others can also enjoy.




            This collection contains 31 Seventeen Magazine Pdf files. 


Seventeen is an American magazine for teenagers. It was the first teen magazine to be established in the United States. This magazine is mostly for young girls and women from the ages of 12ΓÇô19. It began as a publication geared towards inspiring teen girls to become role models in work and citizenship. Soon after its debut, Seventeen took a more fashion and romance-oriented approach in presenting their material, while still maintaining their model of promoting self-confidence in young women. It was first published in September 1944 by Walter Annenberg's Triangle Publications. Surprisingly, its article headings during World War II seem to reflect somewhat similar ideas in comparison to its article headings today. For example, the article headings "What You Wear" and "Having Fun" are similar to contemporary Seventeen's article headings "What to Wear Now!" and "Traumarama." The magazine is organized into the following sections: fashion, beauty, health, love, and life. There are also aspects of the magazine that appear in each issue, such as the "Letter from the Editor" section, Horoscope, "Traumarama," "What You Think!" and a "Freebies" section

Seventeen Magazine's Early History---Seventeen Magazine's first editor, Helen Valentine, believed it was necessary for the teenage girl to gain some respect in the real world by providing her with a source that would help her acquire understanding of the ways she could make a name for herself in society. Soon enough, it became evident that Seventeen would become a major catalyst in the role that teens have played and continue to play in the consumer market and pop culture. Estelle Ellis was the promotion director who developed a model for how the average teenage girl market should be targeted. She designated "Teena" as a nickname for both the "average girl" and the market segment that advertisers and the Seventeen staff were trying to reach with the publication. The magazine surveyed teen girls in 1945 and 1946 to establish a set of demographics that could help them understand how a girl could benefit most from the articles. Its ability to act as a major source of advice for many different aspects of a teenage girl's life helped promote Seventeen's stance in the business world, as well as in the world of a teenage girl. Today, it is equally as evident that the magazine serves a greater purpose than simply being a form of literary entertainment, for it also promotes self-confidence and success in young women.
 

News Corporation bought Triangle in 1988, and sold Seventeen to K-III Communications (later Primedia) in 1991. Primedia sold the magazine to Hearst in 2003. It is still in the forefront of newsstand popularity among growing competition.