FIFA 13-RELOADED

General Information

Release Date: 11/2012
Protection: Securom/Crap/EA
Disc(s): 1
Game Type: Sports

Description

FIFA 13 captures all the drama and unpredictability of real-world soccer, and is driven by five game-changing innovations which revolutionize artificial intelligence, dribbling, ball control and physical play. It is the largest and deepest feature set in the history of the franchise. These innovations create a true battle for possession across the entire pitch, deliver freedom and creativity in attack, and capture all the drama and unpredictability of the real-world game.

Features

- Attacking Intelligence - Players have the ability to analyse space, work harder and smarter to break down the defense, and think two plays ahead.
- Plus, players make runs that pull defenders out of position and open passing channels for teammates.
- Complete Dribbling - Face your opponent and use precise dribble touches combined with true 360-degree mobility with the ball. Be more creative and dangerous in 1v1 opportunities.
- 1st Touch Control - A new system transforms the way players control the ball, eliminating near-perfect touch for every player, and creating more opportunities for defenders to capitalise on errant balls and poor touches to win back possession.

Install Instructions

1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount the image.
3. Install the game.
4. Copy the cracked files from the Crack directory on the disc to the <install>Game directory, overwriting the existing exe.
5. Before you start the game, use your firewall software to explicitly block all exe files in the games install directory from going online. Use the game setup utility before starting as well. It can be found in the following directory: <install>Gamefifasetup
6. Play the game. While in game, avoid all of the online options. If you have Origin installed, it may pop up. If that happens, ignore the prompt, play offline, and don't login.
7. Enjoy!

Release Notes

This release is v1.5 of the game and contains EN/NL/PT languages. Commentary language can be changed in the main menu settings. 