The Making of "Dirge"

Instructor: Alex Alvarez

In this master class, Alex Alvarez will discuss the creation of Dirge, 
his hellish new animated personal image. Created as an animated loop at 
2560x1600 for viewing on a 30" framed display, Dirge was created using 
Maya, ZBrush, Photoshop, After Effects and Mental Ray. The entire 
workflow will be explored, including character and environment design, 
effects, animation, lighting and compositing.






Creating Realistic Skin with Mari


Instructor: Gareth Jensen

This class will focus on painting high-resolution organic texture maps 
for film industry production, utilizing the remarkably powerful and 
versatile texture painting software Mari. Gareth will demonstrate a 
range of tricks and techniques that he often utilizes to create the 
various qualities of lifelike and believable skin.

Gareth will take a sculpted bust by character designer Scott Spencer 
from start to finished render. In addition to demonstrating the tools 
and his workflow, Gareth will be covering topics such as the importance 
of reference and the qualities of different regions of skin.




3D Design for Production"


Instructor: Vitaly Bulgarov

In this lecture, Vitaly Bulgarov shows his process of creating a fully 
rendered 3D design for production-oriented pipelines. Using the example 
of an alien bust, Vitaly goes through the main steps of creating a 
sci-fi character design from scratch.
He
begins by making a quick bust sketch in ZBrush. He then creates a 
detailed suit design in XSI using the block-out as a guideline for the 
proportions of the alien bust. By doing this, Vitaly shows the 
techniques and tools he uses to create complicated surfaces like 
multi-layered metal plates, rubber pads, tubes, and attachments. Solving
design on the fly, without making any preliminary sketches, he builds a
fully detailed mesh for the helmet and suit, explaining why certain 
design decisions are made.
Once the 
model is complete, Vitaly takes it into Keyshot for raytrace rendering 
and then brings the renders to Photoshop to finalize the design, push 
the overall look and bring more personality to the character by adding 
final textures and detail enhancements.