The game
ΓÇó Action-adventure on a platform in the sky, in full 3D.
ΓÇó You play Lilli the red dragon, and you have a weapon per level, e.g. a hammer.
ΓÇó Your opponents are sheep, goats, zombies, witches, fish, knights, etc., even Yetis, all in their respective worlds, having their own unique behaviours.

The game features an innovative control mechanism using the accelerometer (physically tilting the device, or alternatively on-screen joystick) to play in 3D space.

There is no fixed storyline in the levels - everything that happens is completely dynamic, so each time you play and as long as you play a level, it is completely unique.

You goal is to collect as many points or time as you need to unlock the next level or bonus level, while keeping your opponents from stealing your in-game time. Your ultimate highscore is the time you were able to stay on the platform.
Features:

    Several unique and dynamic levels with lots of characters, for endless fun
    A surprising bonus level for each main level, having completely different game-play (Monster Memory, Sound Replay, Badminton etc.)
    Three difficulty modes for the whole game, so everybody can play it
    Full-3D worlds with graphics, music and sound in HD quality
    Including low and high quality modes for older and newer devices
    Play using the gyro accelerometer (tilting the device) or on-screen joystick
    No extra/hidden payments, no in-game ads, no data collected
    Complete download size is 30MB

Recommendations (normal quality)

    Screen Resolution 800x480 or higher recommended (735x460 minimum)
    Dual-core CPU and GPU with 512MB RAM recommended
    Ca. 50MB storage space (internal or external SD)

What's in this version: (Updated : Jul 15, 2012)

    Bugfix: Crash in Medieval bonus
    Bugfix: Hard-mode activated after second start
    Extension: 3 automatic backups for the savegame including restore
    Extension: savegames on external SD
    Fix: Switching the quality mode didn't work properly on some devices
    Minor fixes: image and text corrections etc.

Required Android O/S : 2.2+
