Apprentice to Murder is a neglected little jewel of a film inspired by a murder in the 1920s involving practitioners of "Pow Wow" or Pennsylvania Dutch folk magic.

The movie begins with protagonist, Billy Kelly (Chad Lowe), living in a small Pennsylvania town. Given his grueling job, his alcoholic father, and the attention of the sinister Lars Hoeglin (Knut Husebe), Billy wants to get to Philadelphia as soon as possible. He comes to the attention of John Reese (Donald Sutherland) and his young housekeeper Alice Spangler (Mia Sara). 

Reese teaches Billy how to read and employs him as his assistant in his powwow work. Despite some initial successes, it becomes clear that Hoeglin’s shadow lies across Reese, leading to a climactic showdown of good versus evil – or, perhaps, simply the depraved actions of two madmen.

For those who know the story of the Nelson Rehmeyer murder, this will sound quite familiar, and the movie is supposedly based on the famous case. You can learn about the murder here - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rehmeyer%27s_Hollow#The_Murder_of_Nelson_Rehmeyer
The movie’s strong points are Sutherland’s performance as the powwower and the more-or-less accurate portrayal of actual powwowing ceremonies. (No one, however, has ever heard about demonic forces tossing a powwower across the room.) Reese is the only fully-fleshed character in the piece, and what makes the movie work is that his story is not straightforward. He spent time in "the funny farm" (quoting the movie), and we can never be sure when we can believe him or whether he believes himself. Husebe also deserves credit for creating a role which is either that of a crotchety old man or a demonic monster, but whose true nature is never explained.

By the way, doctor/preacher Reese gets to deliver a diatribe about the government meddling in individual healthcare decisions. The 1988 film was ahead of its time.

As for POW-WOWS, or Long Lost Friend, the spellbook at the basis of powwow practice, it is never named in the movie, but it is a key element of the plot. All of the main powwowers have their own copies, with the famous owl cover. The book is portrayed as having great power, to the extent that the characters run around brandishing it. The book itself promises, "Whoever carries this book with him is safe from all his enemies, visible or invisible." But it also includes such cures as "Whenever you pull off your shoes and stockings, run your finger in between all the toes and smell it." You can download the book at various Internet sites.

If you’re looking for a documentary on powwowing or the Rehmeyer murder, this is hardly it, but if you don’t mind a little real-life magical practice in your entertainment, you should give Apprentice to Murder a look. By the way, although the setting is the Pennsylvania Dutch country of Pennsylvania, this was filmed in Norway.

