Guy Bavli & Haim Goldenberg - Between 2 Minds vol.1 - DVDRip Xvid
 
http://www.tannens.com/shop//cart.php?m=product_detail&p=58

Between 2 Minds 3-DVD Set
by Guy Bavli and Haim Goldenberg

15 effects that you can perform with ease to create sheer amazement. Actually, you can create more then a whole show, with the top-secret effects presented in the new sensational BETWEEN 2 MINDS (3 DVD set).

Effects

Video rental
You ask a spectator to name a movie. You ask him to call your DVD rental store and ask which movie you reserved. It will be the movie they chose. No force ? No hints - No gimmicks.

Informa-tech
An impromptu tool that enables you, the performer, to secretly transfer information and codes between two people (numbers, letters etc)

Expert deck ? impromptu version.
The performer knows the location of a freely chosen card, after the spectator has shuffled the deck.

Stop Smoking
The performer causes a smoker from the audience to be repulsed from smoking on stage.

Envelope Prediction
Performer holds a prediction. He asks a few people in the audience to name numbers. Those numbers are added. The prediction is then opened, to reveal that the total number has been predicted. (No "add a number" gimmicks, no forces, free choice of numbers)

My Precious
Four rings are mixed in a small bags. You then know which ring belongs to which person?and mentally describe in detailed the last ring!

Color Detector
Spectator is asked to freely draw 3 shapes in 3 different colors. You then predict it.

Money-Pulation
Spectator hides a money bill in one of 10 envelopes. You then mentally know which envelope is the one with the money. Great gambling effect.

Switcher
A switching tool that will help you create dozens of ideas and routines.

Serial Contact
The performer predicts a serial number of a borrowed bill from the audience. No switching, the bill is random.

Transparent Thoughts
The performer predicts a full description of a spectator, freely chosen by the audience. This secret will give you dozens of ideas and effects you can perform.

Index Picture Duplication
A very clever way to duplicate a picture secretly drawn by a spectator. Perfect for close up!

Animated Magnet
Telekinesis routine. You draw a magnet on your business card or a piece of paper. You then magnetize objects using your animated magnet.

Coinci-Cube
Two Rubik Cubes are mixed by you and a spectator. You then show that both have been mixed in the exact same way. Perfect for Memory test, you become a genius in the audience?s eyes.

Graphology
Spectator writes few names on a piece of paper. You then can define which person he loves, hates, has no relationship with? and also reveal the last name! Perfect for cold reading, graphology test, or mind reading.

Vol.1 Running Time Approximately 80min

----------------------------------------------
You can download the full DVDs and the rest 
of the series on Usenet at alt.binaries.magic 
(see the included pdf in this download).
----------------------------------------------

Enjoy