          CARG Release Robb Report Magazine Collection PDF MEGAPACK. 



Be sure to check out the other CARG PDF release's. To show your support for the time and effort in building this collection, Please seed at full speed during and after download so that others can also enjoy.




This collection contains 62 Robb Report Magazine Pdf files. It contains 33 Robb Report Issues, 2 Robb Report Russia, 4 Robb Report Brasil, 17 Robb Report Exceptional Properties Issues and 6 The Robb Report International Collection Issues.


The Robb Report is an American, English-language, luxury-lifestyle magazine featuring products ΓÇö including automobiles, real estate and watches ΓÇö for affluent connoisseurs.
 

History---The Robb Report, originally titled Twentieth Century Confederates, was founded by Robert L "Rusty" White as a newsletter to sell his personal collection of Civil War memorabilia and Rolls-Royce automobiles. White distributed his newsletter to members of the Rolls-Royce Owners Club as mimeographed loose-leaf pages, and he provided a suede three-ring binder to paying subscribers. The publication matured into an advertorial, one of the first of its kind, catering to affluent clientele. The blend of advertising and editorial was broadcasted to high-end, affluent consumers via advertisements in Architectural Digest.
 
In 2002, the "Robb Report" brand was sold for US$150 million to CurtCo Media, after which CurtCo was renamed Curtco Robb Media LLC; TD Capital[clarification needed] financed part of the acquisition.[citation needed] CurtCo Robb Media subsequently acquired vertical-market titles including Homes, Motorcycles and, most notably, Worth. (Other publications owned by CurtCo Robb Media include San Diego Magazine, Sarasota, Art & Antiques, and Gulfshore Life.)
 

Content---In addition to featuring luxury products, the magazine also suggests travel plans, routinely mentioning many wealthy communities including Beverly Hills and La Jolla, California, along with Scottsdale, Arizona; Palm Beach, Florida; and Greenwich, Connecticut.
 

International editions---International editions include the Robb Report Arabia, Robb Report Russia, Robb Report Kazakhstan, Robb Report Turkey, Robb Report China, Robb Report Brazil, Robb Report Spain, Robb Report India and Robb Report Vietnam.
 

Other publications---A number of other magazines are also published under the "Robb Report" brand including The Robb Report Collection, the Robb Report Vacation Homes, Luxury Home and the Robb Report MotorCycling.