Clean. Simple. Powerful.
 

Streamlined social news feeds:

Trillian 5's Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn support is fast,
uniform and integrated.
Comprehensive: More types of feeds, like Facebook events and
Twitter searches.
Flexible: Store feeds in your contact list and/or system tray.
Quick: Instant updates to all services are just one click away.
Interactive: View likes and read/write comments directly within
Trillian.
Detailed: Links and pictures are expanded automatically to
avoid opening the web browser.
 
Designed for Windows 7
Trillian 5 feels right at home in all versions of Windows. Our
clean and pleasant user interface has been carefully designed
to smoothly integrate with the operating system.
 
Synchronized chat history
Never miss a message again with Trillian 5's fully
synchronized chat history. The power of the Trillian network
ensures your contact list, accounts, and chat history are
automatically shared between your desktops and phones!
 
Foursquare with GPS support
Our newly-supported Foursquare plugin lets you meet up with
new friends and discover new places! Powered by the GPS support
in Windows 7, you can even check-in right from Trillian!
 
A truly compact interface
Stuck on a netbook with a tiny screenNo problem. Switching
between our full and compact user interfaces is only a click
away in Trillian 5. No need to change skins, no need to wait,
and no need to worry about Trillian hogging your desktop.
Compact, slim and fast.



What is Trillian?
 
Connect to your IM, mail, and social networks in one place
Trillian can connect to AIM, Windows Live, Yahoo!, Google,
Facebook Chat, Jabber, Skype and a lot more. Trillian 5
introduces improved Facebook Chat via XMPP and support for
Foursquare, LinkedIn, and studiVZ / meinVZ / schuelerVZ chat!
 
Fully customizable and extensible
With a multitude of options and a comprehensive library of
plugins, skins and skin packs, you can extend and customize
Trillian in any way imaginable. Show RSS feeds or even play
music while chugging along with a contact list right out of
Terminator 5.
 
Optimized for Windows
Trillian is built directly in C++ using native Windows APIs.
Not relying on third-party runtimes or toolkits means lower
memory consumption and direct access to native Windows
features as soon as they're made available to developers.
Trillian 5 for Windows is the smoothest and fastest version
of Trillian ever!


Whats New In v5.3.0.9?:

To much to list, visit: http://blog.trillian.im/wp-content/
uploads/2012/11/cl-11-27-2012.txt