Wagner's Dream (2012)
a documentary on the making of The Ring at the Metropolitan Opera

runtime 1 hr 53 mins
size 569 mb

site description:


The stakes could not be higher as one of the theater's finest stage directors teams up with one of the world's leading opera companies to tackle opera's most monumental challenge: the production of Wagner's epic Ring cycle - the four-part, 16-hour work that the composer first presented in 1876. For the past 130 years, the quest to produce a perfect Ring has stymied directors, including Wagner himself, who struggled to meet the immense theatrical demands of his own creation. The cosmic vision of gods and mortals vying for power and destroyed by greed calls for astonishing stage visuals of fire storms, flying warriors, and underwater and heavenly actions.
read-more-btn
interview with film director, Susan Froemke

Susan Froemke and Bob Eisenhardt’s new documentary, Wagner’s Dream, centers on director Robert Lepage and soprano Deborah Voigt as they prepare for the greatest operatic challenge of their lives: the composer’s epic Ring cycle. But as the filmmakers tell the Met’s Matt Dobkin, the real stars of the show may be the stage “machine” and the technical teams that worked tirelessly to tame it.
read-more-btn
interview with ring cycle director, Robert lepage

After six years of tireless effort, the Met presents its first new production of Wagner’s complete Ring cycle in more than 20 years. Director Robert Lepage discusses opera’s supreme challenge.


my notes

  As in a previous torrent I have going called "Wonders Are Many; The Making of Doctor Atomic," this film is about how opera is made.  It is about the stagecraft entailed in making Wagner's The Ring Cycle at the Metropolitan Opera.  You will see stage architecture and the engineering required to build a theatrical set like no other.
The closest I can get to describing the design concept (which I first saw in The Architectural Record; the  monthly magazine of the AIA) is the work of Santiago Calatrava.  The movement shown in The Ring "machine" reminded me ofthe Briese Soliel which Calatrava designed for the Milwaukee Museum of Art.

Captured here in small size and with hard subtitles for French and German segments I present it for those who would have their libraries stock the full package of dvd and booklet.  It serves as an inspiration of the stagecraft yet to be created by the new designers of the future.


