Daryl F. Gates' Police Quest: SWAT was originally the fifth game in the Police Quest series (but spawned the SWAT series). It is an interactive movie type game released in 1995 that suffered the same fate as most titles of the same genre released during the so-called Multimedia Explosion in the mid-nineties. With extensive use of FMV videos for its basic gameplay, the game took up four CDs. As the game and its predecessor did not encounter commercial success, it would take three years until a new game in the Police Quest series would be released (Police Quest: SWAT 2).

In keeping the rule strictness of the previous series, the majority of the game is spent in repetitive training exercises. In fact, there are only 3 actual missions in the game (a deranged grandmother, a barricaded fugitive, and a terrorist attack). Each of the missions can only be accessed after the successful completion of many training exercises. To increase replay value, the missions are randomized so that they unfold in a different way each time (a character may be an innocent in one play-through, and a gun-wielding maniac in another). The role the player takes during the mission also differs based on the career path they have selected during training; for example during the last mission the player may act as either the element leader or a high-ground sniper.

swat 2
Police Quest: SWAT 2 (1998) is the sixth game in the Police Quest series (and the second game in the SWAT series). It is an isometric view, squad-level RTT game in the mold of the classic X-Com or Jagged Alliance games. The game takes place in real-time, with the player issuing orders to individual SWAT team members from a three-quarter overhead view of the level. It was the sixth and last game of the Police Quest series. Later SWAT games dropped the Police Quest title turning SWAT into a spin-off series.

Many of the game's missions were based on real life events, such as the North Hollywood shootout, and a small scale riot that can be seen as a parallel to the L.A. riots that followed the Rodney King incident.


Plot

The game's story revolves around a conflict between SWAT and a fictional emerging left-wing domestic terrorist group called "the Five Eyes".

As an homage, Sonny Bonds, the protagonist of the original Police Quest series, is one of the SWAT officers available for the player to send into missions during the SWAT campaign. Sonny's high initial stats∩┐╜some of the best in the game∩┐╜allow him to become certified as an element leader.

System requirements
Minimum system requirements: Windows XP or Windows Vista,
1 GHz Processor (1.4 GHz recommended),
256MB RAM (512 recommended), 3D graphics card compatible with DirectX 7 (compatible with DirectX 9 recommended),
Mouse, Keyboard.

Install and play.