[DDFBusty] Rita (Welcomed Home With Hooters! / 31.10.2012)

Happy Halloween! Romanetta Rose, who has also modeled for us under the name Rita, returns for her first hardcore DDFBusty.com
encounter. Maybe her new name is her disguise today instead of a costume? But we'd recognize those tatas anywhere!  In any case, when we come
upon this Czech lovely, sheΓÇÖs wearing a hot pink cut-out lace teddy that nicely showcases her 38C cleavage. Relaxing on a bed, she thumbs through
a magazine as Mike Angelo returns home from a business trip. Soon we get to marvel at her lusciousness as he squeezes her knockers through the
lace, then takes out her boobs and sucks on the nipples. She lifts up her pelvis so that heΓÇÖll pay some attention to her snatch as well, fingering
and licking it. Our girl lays him back on the bed, opening his jeans and taking out his humongous pecker. How nice she looks, sucking it and licking
the tip as she rubs her hands over her boobies! Squatting over MikeΓÇÖs upraised rod, she lets him rub it against her cunny lips and then slides her
hole down on his pole. How content she looks, enjoying the ride! Mike lays her back on the bed and moves his meat back and forth in her quim. He
slides it between her knockers and she laps at the tip, then Mike gets her on her knees so that she can blow him as he stands over her. Some of the
very best shots show her pressing her hands over her tits while the enormous prick moves back and forth in her lipsticked mouth. If you want to see
a pretty, petite, sweet looking girl with her face filled with a long, veiny, conquering dick, you will particularly enjoy this scene! Her teddy
comes off, and then Rose climbs on top of his prick for cowgirl action, leaning forward so he can suck her swaying sacks. Then he bangs her in doggie
style, while Rose looks right at us. Finally he jacks a huge load all over her melons, making her tits a gooey mess.

Screens: 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=e5i2zumxk3dx5nj05k18.jpg
 
http://xxxhost.me/viewer.php?file=c2qyqupuensyiwhhpeip.jpg