 http://bayimg.com/MAMgfaaDj

Prick Up Your Ears (1987) 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093776/

John Kingsley ("Joe") Orton (1 January 1933 – 9 August 1967) was an English playwright.

In a short but prolific career lasting from 1964 until his death, he shocked, outraged and amused audiences with his scandalous black comedies. The adjective Ortonesque is now used to refer to something characterised by a dark but farcical cynicism.

Prick Up Your Ears is a 1987 film, directed by Stephen Frears, about the playwright Joe Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell. The screenplay was written by Alan Bennett, based on the book by John Lahr. The film stars Gary Oldman as Orton, Alfred Molina as Halliwell, Wallace Shawn as Lahr and Vanessa Redgrave as Margaret "Peggy" Ramsay.

"Prick Up Your Ears" was to be the title of an unreleased play by Orton; Ironically, Halliwell, who had provided many of Orton's titles throughout his successful years, suggested the title. In the title, the word "Ears" is an anagram of the word "Arse" making Prick Up Your Ears a rather blunt reference to the homosexual subject matter. It is also a phonetic play on the conjunction of "your" and "ears" to produce "rears", which also alludes to gay sex.

Prick Up Your Ears received a generally positive critical reaction, with a 100% "fresh" rating at review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on 15 reviews from notable publications. Roger Ebert awarded the film four stars out of four, writing, "The movie is not about homosexuality, which it treats in a matter-of-fact manner. It is really about a marriage between unequal partners." He described Redgrave's performance as "superb", and lauded the work of Oldman and Molina: "The great performances in the movie are, of course, at its center. Gary Oldman plays Orton and Alfred Molina plays Halliwell, and these are two of the best performances of the year." Oldman's portrayal of Orton earned him a BAFTA Award nomination for Best Actor.

Gary Oldman and Alfred Molina give virtuoso performances as the tragic gay couple Joe Orton and Kenneth Halliwell - two of Britain's first openly homosexual intellectuals/celebrities. Oldman is a delight to watch as Orton, physically transformed/distinct with minimal alterations, giving a daring, carefree multilayered performance filled with charm, confidence, passion and spite. He is sexy for all the wrong reasons (as usual). Beside him, a harrowing, deep and exposing performance by Molina, whose character provides the film with both its sanity and insanity - all wrapped in Stephen Frears' clever and playful handling of a serious subject matter. He brings the right amount of satire and distance while at the same time retaining the story's sentiment and relevance, well helped by Alan Bennett's refreshing dialogue.

