The new Zygor Diablo 3 Guide - Working as of 21/05/12 (21st of May 2012)
*Uploaded this to Demonoid first as TPB was down*

The world of Sanctuary has once again come under siege by Diablo, the Lord of Terror, and his legions from the Burning Hells. New heroes have risen to answer the threat, but this time the danger is more menacing than ever before. Doom and annihilation seem certain for those who go in unprepared.

Fortunately for you, a ray of light has been sent down from the High Heavens in the form of Zygor's Diablo III Guide. Created by the same team who brought you our famous World of Warcraft guides, these all new guides will lead you every step of the way along your journey to the end of days, allowing you to look into the burning eyes of the Prince of Darkness without fear!

Full Game Walkthrough
Zygor's Diablo III Guide features a complete step-by-step walkthrough of the entire main storyline from Act I through Act IV, as well as all the sidequests. You'll receive expert level advice and strategy for collecting Lore, completing quests, and taking down the game's most challenging monstrosities!


Class Guides and Builds
Diablo III features five distinct classes that each have their own unique play style. Our guides will help you choose the class that's best suited for you and breaks down each, level-by- level, explaining exactly how to use your new spells and abilities as they become available. Transform your characters into unstoppable instruments of destruction!

Crafting and Followers
Our guides will teach you how to master the all new Crafting system, which will allow you to create new and powerful items for your characters. We'll also show you how to optimize Followers, the companions who fight alongside you, to maximize their healing and damage potential. When the gates of Hell burst open, you'll want the best of the best watching your back!

Achievements
For the Diablo completionist, Zygor's Diablo III Guide comes packed with the full list of over 80 achievements and tells you everything you need to know for earning them. Earn achievement points, which unlock banner customizations for all your characters as bragging rights. Show the world you're a top tier demon slaying powerhouse!

Instructions!
Just download, open the folder and click one on the HTML pages to get started, from there all pages can be browsed.

Leave a comment!