SuperHeavy is a supergroup consisting of Mick Jagger, 
Joss Stone, Dave Stewart, A. R. Rahman, and Damian Marley.




"Miracle Worker"
is the debut single by rock supergroup SuperHeavy from their self-titled debut studio album. It is a reggae/rock song performed by Damian Marley, Joss Stone, and Mick Jagger. It was released on 7 July 2011 as a digital download in the United Kingdom. The song peaked to number 136 on the UK Singles Chart but it was a big hit in Japan peaking at number 9...

lyrics


"Miracle Worker"

Now this one reaching out to all the lovers who might be thinking of
Breaking up... huh!
Or maybe, making up... check it!
I missed a part of you I can't get back.
Don't be a Silly Nilly.
I'm always here for you,
Through the thick and thin not just because we argue.

See I wanted to be true, but I can't do that.
Why not, what's stopping you? Don't be preposterous.
I've got a lot of love, not just a lot of lust.
If I only wasn't a fool, I'd be loving.
Well that's your own opinion, and you're entitled to it.
I'll be lost in oblivion, if we don't continue through it.

There's nothing wrong with you I can't fix
I come a runnin' with my little bag o' tricks.
In an emergency I'm very well prepared.
My scalpel, mask and gloves; don't ever get too scared

Oohooo, you're a Miracle Worker.
Oohooo, you're a surgeon of love. (you have a medical condition)
Oohooo, can't wait to fix me up.
And I promise I'll be back again, if you work your miracles on me.

Your mentality was fresh, it touched my soul.
Invigorating and refreshing, and interesting, and it feels right.
My heart was drowning in stress, but you brought out the best in me
Love has a tendency, so I've been told, and so it seems like.

My love and laser will regenerate your heart.
No need for anesthetics, I'll go check your charts.
I will reshape you, recast you from the mold.
A brand new beautiful woman will blossom from the old

Oohooo, you're a Miracle Worker.
Oohooo, you're a surgeon of love. (you have a medical condition)
Oohooo, can't wait to fix me up.
And I promise I'll be back again
If you work your miracles on me.

Oohooo, you're a Miracle Worker.
Oohooo, you're a surgeon of love. (you have a medical condition)
Oohooo, can't wait to fix me up.
And I promise I'll be back again
If you work your miracles on me.



thanksssss