 http://www.freeimage.us/image-586F_4F3ACC59.jpg

Dear Esther (c) thechineseroom 

A deserted islanda lost manmemories of a fatal crasha book written by a dying explorer.

Two years in the making, the highly anticipated Indie remake of the cult mod Dear Esther 
arrives on PC. Dear Esther immerses you in a stunningly realised world, a remote and 
desolate island somewhere in the outer Hebrides. As you step forwards, a voice begins to 
read fragments of a letter: "Dear Esther..." and so begins a journey through one of the 
most original first person games of recent years. Abandoning traditional gameplay for a 
pure storyn driven experience, Dear Esther fuses its beautiful environments with a 
breathtaking soundtrack to tell a powerful story of love, loss, guilt and redemption. 

Forget the normal rules of play if nothing seems real here, its because it may just be all 
a delusion. What is the significance of the aerial What happened on the motorway is the 
island real or imagined who is Esther and why has she chosen to summon you here? 
The answers are out there, on the lost beach, the windswept cliffs and buried in the 
darkness of the tunnels beneath the island Or then again, they may just not be, after all. 

Features: 

Every play through a unique experience, with randomly generated audio, visuals and events. 

Explore Incredible environments that push the Source engine to new levels of beauty. 

A poetic, semi-randomised story like you've never experienced in a gam before. 

Stunning soundtrack featuring world class musicians. 

An uncompromisingly inventive game delivered to the highest AAA standards. 

14.02.2012........Release Date - Protection...............Steam 
Adventure............Game Type - Disk(s)..................1 DVD 

Install Notes: 

1. Mount or burn image 
2. Install 
3. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation 
4. Play the game 
5. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy 
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-7620_4F3ACC59.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-23B2_4F3ACC59.jpg