Dynasty Warriors 7 pc
Disclaimer: This is not my torrent, credits and acknowledgements to the person who made it and uploaded it at the website in the torrent name.
Install: 
1.	Mount DVD 1, if you know anything about setups you’ll know how to, then when prompted mount DVD2 and DVD 3.

2.	Take the crack in the folder not  in the rar file. Both the rars are viruses delete them!

3.	Replace the exes.

4.	To set the config click the config exe, I recommend setting it to low if you don’t have a great computer, or a gaming specific computer.

Game:
In general this is Dynasty Warriors 7 for the PC, the nerds at Koei can’t seem to care a shred about the western market so they only release Pc versions in Japanese. It’s a far cry from DW 7 and its closer to DW5. The play is good, the graphics are good, its been optimizied unlike DW6, which was so bad on the PC, so it runs a bit better than DW6 on the PC. New Characters, costumes, and weapons, no new maps though. Its all in Japanese, but its all figure-outtable  with time.
The Main Menu is as such in descending order , Musou mode, Travel Mode, Empire Mode,  Challenge mode, camp, encyclopedia, options, practice mode, and Quit to Desktop.

The second category in the Options Menu is where you’ll find the Controls config 1p and 2p, W,A,S ,D are to move around, the fifth line is the normal attack key, 6th, charge attack key,7th,musou mode key, 8th, jump key, to guard is the left shift, which also resets the camera, that’s basically all you’ll need.
Im not gonna run down the modes until asked, but this isn’t like any of the other DW’s.one, theres no pause menu, I think F1 is the closest to it, and youll have to figure out which option is to quit when you press F1 in battle. Theres no battle briefing or the like either, you actually interact with various NPCS before you can advance. Anyone with a Red arrow pointing to them, or above them is either someone you have to kill, or talk to to proceed in the stage.

If you’re perceptive, and learn thru hands-on, you’ll get the game’s basic workings and modes after about and hour or 2 of gameplay. It’s the usual hack and slash, maps are the Same as DW6. Kill the commander, or all the guys blinking green on the radar, or get to the places blinking green on the radar to win in a battle. All in Japanese, I know it sucks, we’ve been promised a fan translation of the basic things, but I have no idea when that will happen

Finnally have fun, and the main tracker is:
  http://all.hdvnbits.org/announce.php?passkey=959e4a1c511695bdbdc5d10ad2a34f77

Disclaimer: This is not my torrent, credits and acknowledgements to the person who made it and uploaded it at the website above.