 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1588337/

By the way, we thank those that took part in our launch of Kavanagh QC - we
have yet another volume waiting to launch (season one) thanks for your seed

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1588337/

1280 X 544 video 100k bitrate Divx H.264 mkv 192k audio

subtitles folder includes English, along with Arabic Croatian Danish
Dutch Hungarian Portuguese(Brazil) Spanish and Swedis - no sign
of German or Italian subitles for 720p - sorry this time around!

Of Gods and Men is a "deja vu" experience to some extent of seeing 
"White Material" with Isabelle Huppert.

This movie is set in Algeria and speaks to the lack of merit in 
Christian crusades where such efforts are clearly not welcome ultimately.

We do learn something of the Moslem religion, as koranic verses
are read by Arabic speakers citing such versus as those that require "good deeds"
from its followers. Is better to teach that good deeds indeed are the measure of
a good soul, rather than what some fundamentalist Christian churches lead their
followers to believer instead - that it’s not your deeds but gods own grace
based on some other measure that  saves you. (As long as you believe the story
of Christ and accept this - that’s all you need as some say) Nonsense - anyone
that is truly with a spiritual conviction of real merit will show it by the proof
of the lives they wish to lead - not the substitute membership in some club 
instead - where such proof isn’t required for some reason it would seem. 
Perhaps I got it wrong.


On the other hand, what are the good deeds required of Moslems according to 
their own teachings? If the killing of the priests without just enough cause
as seen in this movie isn’t an anathema to any idea of good deeds, then we have
a definition that is to my own mind rather self-serving for some that would
misuse religious interpretations of spiritual ideas - and devoid of meaning
in objective sense to what is fair enough humanist ideology in his respect.
On the other hand, no one would claim such killings as religiously motivated
in fact. Its simply alienation from one another that causes this unjustifiably
however - for those of real conscience and meritedly so.

Ultimately the message of White material and "Of Gods and Men" is the same.
The people of France Germany Italy etc are naive to think they can do any
better than to stay away from such efforts in those regions where they 
are unwelcome for lack of any real chance of ever achieving understanding
that goes beyond the intervals of time when whatever mutual tolerance there
is, is feigned - pending inevitable conflict between those involved that are
alien to one another's being ultimately and  this isn’t a gap that can be bridged
by any idea of bold seeming yet naive pioneers as it were - or anyone else
I daresay. There are enough that need social conditions improved within
our own EU borders and within other poorer European countries that
are in in need - rather than going off elsewhere with scarce talent of
really rightly caring people and resources generally, at this point in time.
Why not Eastern Germany mainly? (Charity begins at home eh!)


Michael Rizzo Chessman
moviesbyrizzo