Fireburst (c) Strategy First Inc.

25-04-2012....Release Date
Protection...................Steam
Racing...........Game Type
Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Blast opponents off the road with Fireburst, an explosively fun
fast-paced arcade style racing game with fantastic graphics. Rev up to
scorching speeds to outrun opponents on a dozen different tracks,
setting them ablaze in your flaming wake thanks to our exclusive
Fireboost technology. Drive as sixteen sarcastic drivers with unique
styles and taunts, using various explosive, fire-based special
abilities to turn other cars into a pyre of parts. Leave opponents
sucking on your smoldering dust in single-player mode, local
four-player mode or the insane, firetastic online eight-player mode.
Grab the wheel and burn some rubber.

Features:

Choose Your Death Ride - Get behind the wheel of 16 different vehicles
including trucks, buggys, muscle cars and 4x4s. Win additional artwork
and unlock other goodies as you turn opponents in piles of road ash.

Eccentrically Eclectic Characters - Choose from 16 original characters
with unique personalities and nerve pinching taunts.

Fireboost Abilities - Turn every vehicle into a deadly hotrod with
four fiery class-specific special abilities: Fireball, Fireblast,
Firewall and Firewheels. Oh yeah

Maps Galore - Race on 12 single-player and five multi-player maps
including docks, airfields, oil rigs, sewers and warehouses packed
with shortcuts, obstacles and cool-down zones (to help extend your
Fireboost).

Modes Aplenty - Play the single-player mode to complete challenges,
create a custom race or simply smash AI opponents. Multiplayer modes
include four-player local split-screen and eight-player online racing.

Heart-Pounding Soundtrack - As if things weren't hot enough, the
soundtrack includes Hawthorne Heights' rockin' hit single, "Drive."

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy 