This is the FULL, NON-DEMO, TIME-UNLIMITED version 3.2.6 which is the latest as of May 2012.




How does CopyRite XP Work and why would I want it?

 

To answer this let's look at Robocopy. "What is Robocopy?" you might ask.

Robocopy is a free command line tool from Microsoft which has been included with the server resource kit since back in the 1990's

Since Windows Vista was released, Robocopy has been built-in to the operating system so you don't even need to download RoboCopy separately if you're using Windows Vista, 7, Server 2008 or Server 2008 R2.

It is a huge improvement upon the copy and xcopy commands.

The goal of Robocopy is to provide a very robust tool for copying large amounts of data from one computer to another location (SAN, NAS, Other Server, PC, etc...)

Robocopy is designed to copy single folders and all or some of their sub-folders and files rather than copying individual files.

It can be configured to include or exclude files and folders based on a huge number of desired results.

It's incredibly useful.

It's the best thing since sliced bread. Right?

Well, to be honest, with all of Robocopy's powerful features it can prove to be extremely daunting for the average or even seasoned computer user or admin. If you have ever watched someone using a command line interface (AKA DOS Window) to perform tasks it can seem complicated to say the least.

To fully exploit the power of Robocopy you need to memorize a lexicon of command line switches.

 

Enter CopyRite XP.

CopyRite XP creates a friendly user interface or GUI with which the user can easily and quickly configure RoboCopy to use any or all of its features by pointing and clicking CopyRite's settings. Check out the screenshots for what we mean.

Within minutes you can have CopyRite XP installed and configured to run your fist job whether it be copying all of you precious pictures to a USB drive for safe keeping or migrating an entire file server to a new server.

 

If you stop the job or you lose connection in the middle of copying a large file don't worry. You won't have to wait for the entire file to copy all over again because Robocopy is smart enough to know what it has already copied and can resume copying a large file right where it left off.

I'm getting tired of all this typing so that's all for now.

 

Try it and you'll see.

 

Guarnteed compatible with 32 and 64 bit versions of Windows including XP, 2000, Vista, 7, Server (2003, 2008, 2008 R2).

100% Money Back Stisfaction Guaranteed.

If you like it buy it please

