Description

New & Noteworthy


HOW MONEYWIZ IS BETTER?
✓ Automatically keeps data consistent across multiple devices
✓ Gives you beautiful reports in full screen
✓ Connects all your money management needs into one convenient place
✓ Intuitive and uncluttered design makes it joyful to use MoneyWiz

ACCOUNTS
Put all your accounts in one place. It's the best way to keep your money organized.
✓ Create various types of accounts, including a cash (wallet) account
✓ Register expenses, incomes, adjust balance and transfer money between accounts
✓ Real accounts reconciliation
✓ Bulk edit transactions
✓ Make split payments
✓ Multi-currency support
✓ Import your bank statements from OFX,QFX and QIF files
✓ Smart auto-completion for quick transactions entry
✓ Sort, filter and search transactions
✓ View transactions in fancy or expert mode

BUDGETS
Set budgets and pay down your debt. MoneyWiz will monitor the budgets for you, and let you know when something's about to go wrong.
✓ Create custom budgets
✓ Expenses are automatically assigned to the correct budget
✓ Alerts for low and exhausted budget
✓ See budget progress, daily allowance and remaining days
✓ See the transactions that make up each budget

BILLS
Never miss a bill again. MoneyWiz will remind you for any scheduled transactions that are due to be paid.
✓ Plan expenses, incomes and transfers
✓ Manage recurring transactions, like bills and salary
✓ See it all on a beautiful calendar
✓ Quickly access forecast for any day on the calendar

REPORTS
Thorough reports with beautiful interactive charts will show you everything you need to know about your money.
✓ Full screen reports
✓ Export to PDF and CSV
✓ See transactions that form a report
✓ Save reports locally into MoneyWiz
✓ All kinds of reports - NetWorth, Payees, Account balance, Trends, Forecast, Compare budgets, Categories, Statistics, Budget balance

SYNC
Keeping data consistent across multiple devices has never been easier. MoneyWiz has it's own unique cloud syncing service, called Sync Everything!
✓ Automatic synchronisation - you don't need to do anything manually
✓ Immediate sync - do something on one device, and see it happen on all others within seconds
✓ Optimized for less data traffic
✓ Totally secure

AND MORE…
✓ Password protection
✓ Custom categories with sub-categories
✓ In-App help, where you need it and full documentation via the Help menu
✓ Outstanding customer support. Our average response time is 2 hours
✓ Available for iPhone, iPad and Mac OS X (separate purchases)


Requirements: OS X 10.6 or later

k'ed by Researcher