 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Shake_It_Up_episodes

In Japan, at Watanabe Studios, a worker suggests that they should make a video game with a group from Shake It Up. Back in the US, every state's show competed and Shake It Up, Chicago wins. They fly on a private jet to Japan, but CeCe takes Rocky to a hypnotist, Shelly, so Rocky can get over her fear of flying. While Rocky is still hypnotized, CeCe suggests that Shelly makes Rocky a fun and better person, which CeCe has to rub Rocky's shoulder and tell her to "get onboard Rocky," which helps CeCe take advantage of her. Rocky, CeCe, Gunther, Tinka, Ty, Flynn, Gary, Georgia are all aboard the plane and Henry goes as well, which he brings his android, Andy. Ty also keeps in contact with Deuce through his tablet, in which Deuce acts like he is actually in Japan. As everyone arrives in Tokyo, Gunther and Tinka lose their luggage but buy new clothes. The four dancers go to the studios to be put in the game, and Mr. Watanabe's grandchildren make an app for the game before it's released because of Rocky's sugesstion to disobey Mr. Watanabe's order to not make it. After he finds out, Rocky tries to talk to him, but she makes him feel like he's wrong and then he ends up cancelling the game. Gary makes Mr. Watanabe put the game project back on, but on the circumstance, Rocky and CeCe are fired from Shake It Up Chicago. Later, everyone is kicked out of the suite and has to find their way back home. Later, Rocky answers CeCe's phone when Shelly calls, finding that CeCe has been taking advantage of her and they end their friendship. Meanwhile, Tinka is being deported back to the old country after hitting a security guard accidentally, but Rocky and Cece convince the security guards to send Gunther and Tinka back to the US together. Afterwards, the app that the Watanabe grandchildren uploaded contained a virus that could go global and stop all computers, but Henry, who did not upload the app, attempts to fix it, but can't get past the firewall. They infiltrate Watanabe Global and hack the mainframe, but gets caught by Mr. Watanabe, and Andy gets killed in the ventilation shaft. In the ending, Rocky and CeCe tries to get Mr. Watanabe to give them everything back and in the end, they perform 'Made in Japan'. At the very end, the ending credits come on with Deuce talking through the tablet, realizing that everyone left.