2CAudio.Aether.Algorithmic.Reverb.VST.AU.RTAS.v1.5.1.MAC.OSX.INTEL-ArCADE
  thankz to kRock for the pack!


   Aether is an  award-winning, ultimate quality,  self-modulating algorithmic 
   reverb. We believe it is one of the best sounding reverbs on the market  at 
   any price  point. Aether  1.5.1 represents  a very  significant update  and 
   offers a huge number of  industry-first advances in terms of  audio quality 
   and functionality,  and is  designed to  compete directly  with the best-of 
   -the-best in both hardware and software. 
             
             
   Aether offers several industry-leading and unique features including: 
             
   2x & 4x Oversampling 
   Double Precision 64bit DSP 
   Band-limited Interpolation 
   Variable Quality Modes 
   Extreme Off-line Render Modes 
   Proprietary Spectral Modulation 
   Attack & Sustain Envelope 
   Variable Q Damping Decay Curve 
   Mid-Side modes 
   Cascade Control 
   Complex Stereo Modes 
   0-Sample Latency 
   Frequency Profiles 
   Immediate Parameter Accessibility 
   Macro Controls 
   Comprehensive Preset Browser 
   Instant algorithm browsing 
   Flexible EQ/Filter Routing 
   Huge Parameter Value Ranges 
   Discrete Early Reflections engine 
   Comprehensive FX Presets 
   Complex & Clustered IRs 
   Late Reflections Coloration 
   32 and 64bit version of the plugin 


more at ---> http://www.2caudio.com/products/aether



Compatiblity

Aether is available for Mac OSX VST, Audio Units, and RTAS hosts, under Tiger (OSX.4), Leopard (OSX.5), Snow Leopard (OXS.6), Lion (OXS.7) or higher. Aether is currently a 32bit plug-in on OSX. 64-bit AU and VST formats for OSX are being developed currently and will be a free update for all customers. An Intel-based CPU is required for Mac OSX. WE DO NOT SUPPORT PPC.


INSTALLATION:


 ΓÇó Next open the .zipr file by double clicking it. If you can't open it you need to get an archiver which supports zip files such as StuffItExpander and extract

 ΓÇó Install

 ΓÇó use serial to register


        ΓÇó  That's it! Done.


                   3Nj0Y!!!