The Carl Gustav Jung Multimedia Archive



Carl Gustav Jung (26 July 1875 – 6 June 1961) was a Swiss psychotherapist and psychiatrist who founded analytical psychology. Jung proposed and developed the concepts of the extraverted and the introverted personality, archetypes, and the collective unconscious. His work has been influential in psychiatry and in the study of religion, literature, and related fields.

Individuation is the central concept of analytical psychology. Jung considered individuation, the psychological process of integrating the opposites, including the conscious with the unconscious while still maintaining their relative autonomy, to be the central process of human development.

Jung created some of the best known psychological concepts, including the archetype, the collective unconscious, the complex, and synchronicity. The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI), a popular psychometric instrument, has been developed from Jung's theories.

Jung saw the human psyche as "by nature religious", and made this religiousness the focus of his explorations. Jung is one of the best known contemporary contributors to dream analysis and symbolization.

Though he was a practicing clinician and considered himself to be a scientist,[5] much of his life's work was spent exploring tangential areas, including Eastern and Western philosophy, alchemy, astrology, and sociology, as well as literature and the arts. His interest in philosophy and the occult led many to view him as a mystic.


--- eBooks [PDF] ---

Aion: Researches into the Phenomenology of the Self

Contributions to Analytical Psychology (1928)

Four Archetypes

Freud and Psychoanalysis

Jung on Christianity (Encountering Jung)

Man and His Symbols

Memories, Dreams, Reflections

Modern Man in Search of a Soul

Psychological Types

Psychology and Alchemy

Psychology and Religion: East and West

Psychology and the Occult

Psychology of the Unconscious

Seven Sermons to the Dead

Studies in Word-Association (1916)

The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious

The Association Method (1910)

The I Ching (or Book of Changes)

The Portable Jung

The Practice of Psychotherapy: Essays on the Psychology of the Transference and Other Subjects

The Psychology of Dementia Praecox (1909) [Schizophrenia]

The Psychology of Kundalini Yoga

The Red Book [Liber Novus]

The Spiritual Problem of Modern Man (1928)

The Structure and Dynamics of the Psyche - [Synchronicity]

Theory of Psychoanalysis (1915)

Two Essays in Analytical Psychology

C. G. Jung & Karl Kerényi - Essays on a Science of Mythology: The Myth of the Divine Child and the Mysteries of Eleusis (1969)

C. G. Jung & Levi-Strauss - Myth And The Reconciliation Of The Opposites (1981)

C. G. Jung & R. Wilhelm - The Secret of the Golden Flower

C. G. Jung Speaking: Interviews and Encounters

Collected Papers on Analytical Psychology (1920)


--- Audiobooks [MP3] ---


Memories, Dreams, Reflections

Modern Man in Search of a Soul

Approaching the Unconcious (from "Man and His Symbols" )


--- Videos [AVI, WMV & FLV] ---

Carl Jung - Face to Face - BBC Interview (1959)

Matter of Heart

Carl Jung: Sea of Faith

The World Within: C. G. Jung in His Own Words

Wisdom of the Dream (1989) 

Jung on Film (1957)

Carl Jung - Legacy and Influence 50 Years After His Death



