39 Ways To Help The Mujahideen
. 
1. Preparing the mind to Jihad - Every Moslem has to obey the call for the Jihad against the infidels out of sheer belief and intention. 

2. Sincere desire to attain martyrdom – Al-Salem, basing his arguments on Sheik Abdullah Azzam (the spiritual leader of Osama Bin Laden, killed in Afghanistan in 1989), emphasizes the importance of sincere endeavor in order to attain martyrdom from Allah. Thus, the believer can perform the commandment concerning the “preparation to the battle” (I’dad Al-‘oda) and gain a reward from Allah equivalent to the Shaheed’s reward (72 virgins and close proximity to the Divine presence in Heaven) even though he may die from natural causes. 

3. Participating in Jihad – Every Moslem has to take an active part in the holy war against the infidels, being ready to self-sacrifice for the sake of Allah. Participation in the Jihad is the most distinguished action in the eyes of Allah. 

4. Financing Jihad – Moslems can take part in Jihad by giving donations dedicated to the Jihad and the Mujahideen. The donation’s value is determined by its quality and destination and not only by the amount of money given. 

5. Supplying the fighters’ needs – Believers who are unable to take part in the Jihad (for instance women and handicapped) can perform their duty by supplying the Mujahideens’ needs in money and equipment. By doing so, the donor is considered Mujaheed and deserves the same reward. 

6. Taking care of the Mujaheed’s family - Believers who supply a Mujaheed’s family needs is considered Mujaheed and deserves half of his reward. On the other side, neglecting this may bring him misfortune and death by the hands of God. 

7. Assisting the fallens’ families - by supplying the special needs of the orphans and widows. 

8. Assisting the families of the prisoners and the wounded fighters - by supplying their necessities. 

9. Collecting funds for the Mujahideen – Money is the lifeline of the Jihad. It’s importance stems also from the action of gathering donations that arouse the spirit of the Jihad in the believers’ hearts. There are many ways of carrying out this duty: in mosques, public venues, family gatherings, charity events, monthly donations or by urging the wealthy to open their hands to the Mujahideen. 

10. Granting charity donations to the Mujahideens – who enjoy priority in Islam. 

11. Financing medical treatment for the wounded Mujahideen. 

12. Praising the Mujahideen and their deeds – It is essential to educate the Islamic Nation on their values and to see them as a model for imitation. 
