

POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Super Natural Realms - UFOs Angels Spirits Witches and Demons Vol 27 - UFOs of WWII The Secret Land  Operation Highjump and Satanic Cults





POtHS says: Yahweh the Creator needs NO SPACESHIP or Mechanical device to do what He does. There are 2 types of inter-dimensional travelers. Yahweh, Jesus, The Holy Spirit obviously and the unfallen (HEAVENLY) angels that require nothing mechanical to dimension travel, however, The Fallen Angels seem to have lost some of their power and need artificial means to manipulate the different dimensions. EVERYTHING coming in a spaceship is of Satan not The Holy Yahweh. I am told that there are 11 different dimensions needed for The Creator to do his thing. Passing from one Dimension to the other is a mere thought for the Holy Ones. What that means is, they can move around the Universe as fast as they can think about it. This is what Faith is about. Believing something with all your Heart and Soul without having a shred of Four Dimensional evidence. (Evidence as we know of within this reality) There is another form of Evidence out there that secular man cannot understand or measure. It comes from outside this cursed dimension that us Pilgrims are stranded on or in. The real world, the eternal HOLY Spirit World, the world along side the Father, Son and Holy Spirit is The Real Reality that I seek. THERE IS NO WAY FOR ME TO ATTAIN THAT!!! I am a Journeyman Sinner and my salvation is only possible through My Repentance of Sin AND the Grace, the Mercy and The Spilled Blood of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. PEACE TO ALL. Time is Short brethren, save as many as you can. The time of "NO SECOND CHANCE" draws near for ALL EARTH DWELLERS.  

Description:UFO - Technology Secrets and the Third Reich:
Very interesting and old rare movie about the occult and secret societies plus ancient alien archeology; maybe it's a little bit an old document but it's very informative to show relatives who don't believe this stuff went down.? The video shows also the assault on Antarctica. It is also the first one that has shown the true extent of the German flying saucer? program. Evidence of the use of extraterrestrial technology. One of the last great mysteries of the 20th century is the occult past of the 3rd reich, and membership of secret societies by some of its leading exponents. The question as to whether these people were aware of the existence of lost extraterrestrial technologies, once applied by past advanced cultures, is raised by completely new research, supported by historical documents and original film footage of the period. Were the disk-shaped flying objects (UFOs), driven by anti-gravitation forces, actually constructed? Test pilots, engineers and investigators explain the Nazi programs for space travel and contact with aliens.
I carry and comunicate to you all some of the comments about this video which i uploaded months ago and now i'm advicing to all appassionates about this argoment:

Ephesians 5:11
11 And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove (expose) them.


                                           

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
