Follow my uploads here:                           
https://forum.suprbay.org/member.php?action=profile&uid=311481    

You can make requests here:                            
https://forum.suprbay.org/forumdisplay.php?fid=4
                 

                                By bobiras2009		



If you appreciate my work you can leave a commnent and seed this for as long you can to help me upload more.

Requirements: Android 2.2 and up
Overview: Zombies, Run! is an ultra-immersive running game and audio adventure


You tie your shoes, put on your headphones, take your first steps outside. You’ve barely covered 100 yards when you hear them. They must be close. You can hear every guttural breath, every rattling groan - they’re everywhere. Zombies. There’s only one thing you can do: Run!

Zombies, Run! is an ultra-immersive running game and audio adventure, co-created with award-winning novelist Naomi Alderman. We deliver the story straight to your headphones through orders and voice recordings - and when you get back home, you use the supplies you’ve collected while running to build and grow your base.

BBC NEWS - “The only way to save yourself is to run for real.”
WIRED - “In the style of Runkeeper, with an exciting undead twist.”
LIFEHACKER - “A really cool way to get outside and exercise.”
CNN - “Turns exercise into a game - a terrifying, terrifying game.”
NPR - "It gets you moving!"
TIME.COM - "Takes all the fun of a zombie game and funnels it into a fitness app."

WHAT PLAYERS SAY:
“Evaded all zombie mobs :-) One of my best sprints ever; this app works!”
“This game will make you sweat. Perfect junction between game design and run tracker.”
“Just tried @zombiesrungame and for the first time in my life I feel truly alive.”

WALK, JOG, OR RUN ANYWHERE
Zombies, Run! works anywhere and at any speed. You can jog in a park, run along a beach, or walk along a trail.

What's in this version:
Fixed:
- We fixed the "missions not completing" issue that many players experienced this weekend. Your phone will now correctly show missions you've already run as completed.
New:
- LONG PLAY MODE. Do you run for more than an hour? Adjust your mission length to suit on the settings page.
- Seven supply missions that you can play again and again
- Review your runs - on the missions screen, choose "Run Logs" from the menu


                                By bobiras2009		