Abraham-Hicks 2012-07-28 Temp FLV Video+mp3

This is ΓÇ£Abraham LIVEΓÇ¥ stream recording Video via Internet in FLV format. It was broadcasted real-time from San Francisco, CA on July 28, 2012. Included in this torrent are Sound tracks.

Note: This torrent is offered for limited time in flv format and will be replaced with a
chapterized .MP4 video + titled .mp3 + cmv for compact mobile video + m4b files for IPods in a new torrent in a few days. 

There are some minor video and audio imperfections because of the broadcast interruptions, which we expect to be corrected in the next .mp4 version.
 
Not all video players can play flv format but a free VLC media player seems to do well for most people: www.videolan.org/vlc/ 

For more Abraham-Hicks Torrents see:
 
http://koti.welho.com/walkusko/Abraham-Hicks_Torrents/
 
http://pages.videotron.com/abeallow/index.htm

This torrent is from the Abraham-Hicks Sharing Community. Our intention as a Community is to help one another to get all of the AbrahamΓÇÖs material, particularly the latest. We as a group and as individuals buy it and share it, in any way we can (mainly via Torrents, SugarSync, WeTransfer)... You can be in touch with us by E-mail AbeAllows@gmail.com and/or artofallowing20@gmail.com

Remember that the SEEDERS are the backbone of Abraham-Hicks Torrents!

Law of Attraction says, "That which is like unto itself is drawn." Everything is valid and everything is truthful, because Law of Attraction lets everything be. The thrill of the ride is carved out of the contrast. Without the contrast, you could not decide.

Thank you to all who participated to make this possible!

01 - Abraham Speaks.mp3
02 - Everything was working great until....mp3
03 - Why are experiences so powerful when you focus on them.mp3

04 - She keeps going to a slump.mp3
05 - Why is it the best and the worst of times.mp3
06 - Isn't sex as important as meditation.mp3
07 - Can he talk more about an unwanted situation with a family member.mp3
08 - Are there non-physical beings not in the vortex.mp3
09 - Tips for writing a book about her unique experience regarding Aspergers.mp3
10 - Talk more about finding a new-toe-stepping-on dance partner.mp3
11 - She sometimes worried a little bit.mp3
12 - She sometimes feels erratic.mp3
13 - Who am I.mp3
14 - Why is my life so crazy and full of contrast.mp3
15 - He sees the world as very broken CUT

16 - How can she be more enlightened
17 - What about the other universal laws
18 - Can my non-physical mother go back into the physical
19 - She has a question about trusting moving forward
20 - Should she act as-if while she if finding her life work
21 - What should she do about faith
22 - What should she do when she has to make a decision in fear or doubt
23 - How would Abraham define enlightenment
24 - How would Abraham define art
25 - Abraham Closes the San Francisco Workshop




