S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Krater (c) Fatshark

13-06-2012....Release Date - Protection...................Steam
RPG..............Game Type - Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Krater is a squad based roleplaying game set in a colorful
post-apocalyptic world. It combines the combat mechanics of action-rpgs
with the top-down view of the classic old-school RPG and RTS games.

The game brings you far into the future of a post-apocalyptic Sweden.
Once home to IKEA, Vikings and Minecraft, today its primitive
inhabitants scavenge the broken overgrown world for technological
artifacts.

Features:

Unlimited Adventure - no matter how deep you crawl, there is always
more to explore in an open game world where randomized dungeons and
events are combined with more than 60 thoroughly designed locations and
200 quests in order to create a vast gaming experience. Locations
range from small settlements with a handful of struggling inhabitants
to large urban areas like Solside City, a sprawling regional HUB where
you'll find all sorts of NPCs and services.

Co-op - Seamless blending of coop and singleplayer - use your
characters to explore an open-ended game world in single player,
either by following the main story campaign or just free-roaming the
Krater (or a mix of both). You can at any time have your team join
up with a friend to take on one of the challenging co-op dungeons
. All the loot earned and progress made is kept regardless of game
mode. And yes, your grinding efforts will be kept for the coming PvP
expansion as well

Visual appearance: The game uses the DX11 API (but it also support
DX10 hardware) to be able to use beautiful and varied environment and
character art. The enemy units are not all simple texture variations on
the same model, but sport unique meshes, animation sets and effects to
a large extent.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix  irokos
titan artdivision


System Requirements:

CPU: Dual Core 2.4GHz processor
RAM: 2 GB RAM
VGA: Shader 4.0 compatible card (minimum: Nvidia GeForce 8xxx, AMD Radeon 2xxx)
DX: DirectX 11
OS: Windows Vista / Windows 7
HDD: 1 GB HD space


False-Positive:

        
http://i.imgur.com/Kmv4j.png


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/tzZSH.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/rLp7S.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/PdPYU.jpg


ENJOY!