Chemistry: The Central Science (12th Edition) 
by Theodore E. Brown, H. Eugene H LeMay, Bruce E. Bursten and Catherine Murphy 
Prentice Hall | January 2011 | ISBN-10: 0321696727 | PDF | 1200 pages mb 
http://www.amazon.com/Chemistry-Central-Science-12th-Edition/dp/0321696727

Trusted, innovative, and calibrated, Chemistry: The Central Science has helped millions of students understand and succeed in general chemistry. Its unrivaled problems, scientific accuracy, and clarity are maintained in this new edition, which is the bookΓÇÖs biggest revision to date. In the Twelfth Edition, every word and piece of art has been studied for effectiveness. Based on feedback from students like you, this revision reflects the unparalleled expertise of its author team; each chapter has been updated and streamlined to remove any content not proven to increase student comprehension. Joined in this edition by new co-author Patrick Woodward, the bookΓÇÖs solid authorship gains a fresh, new perspective yet maintains its unified, consistent voice. 

About the Authors
THEODORE L. BROWN received his Ph.D. from Michigan State University in 1956. Since then, he has been a member of the faculty of the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, where he is now Professor of Chemistry, Emeritus. 
H. EUGENE LEMAY, JR., received his B.S. degree in Chemistry from Pacific Lutheran University (Washington) and his Ph.D. in Chemistry in 1966 from the University of Illinois (Urbana). He then joined the faculty of the University of Nevada, Reno, where he is currently Professor of Chemistry, Emeritus.
BRUCE E. BURSTEN received his Ph.D. in Chemistry from the University of Wisconsin in 1978. After two years as a National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Fellow at Texas A&M University, he joined the faculty of The Ohio State University, where he rose to the rank of Distinguished University Professor.
CATHERINE J. MURPHY received two B.S. degrees, one in Chemistry and one in Biochemistry, from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, in 1986. She received her Ph.D. in Chemistry from the University of Wisconsin in 1990. She was a National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health Postdoctoral Fellow at the California Institute of Technology from 1990 to 1993. 
PATRICK M. WOODWARD received B.S. degrees in both Chemistry and Engineering from Idaho State University in 1991. He received a M.S. degree in Materials Science and a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Oregon State University in 1996. He spent two years as a postdoctoral researcher in the Department of Physics at Brookhaven National Laboratory. In 1998, he joined the faculty of the Chemistry Department at The Ohio State University where he currently holds the rank of Associate Professor.