4 Disc Set of Favor by Lance Wallnau

Taken from the speakers site:

What exactly does favor do? Favor is the affection of God towards you that releases an influence through you so that other people are inclined to like, trust and cooperate with you.


The oldest book of the Old Testament is Job. As such it is the first real insight into favor and how it operates. In the very first chapter we read about the phenomenal blessing that is on Job's life, declaring: "This man was the greatest of all the men of the East" (Job 1:3).


What is not fully understood is how the blessing of God came upon this righteous man. We find a hint in the following verse: "Thou hast granted me life and favor and thy visitation has refreshed my spirit" (Job 10:1). Job was a man who walked under the supernatural blessing of God's favor because God visited him when he prayed. What was the effect of that favor? He opened his mouth and his "words were like butter" to those who heard him. The elders at the gates sought wisdom from his mouth. Talk about the power of persuasion!


To guard the blessing of God, he was very careful to build a hedge of prayer around his life, a point that Satan made a complaint about before the throne of God. The force of favor attracts not only God's blessings, but Satan's envy. Thus when Job came out of his troubles, God restored Jobs fortunes in a double portion! Job shows us how God restores to his embattled saints a double portion of blessing and power at the end of the conflict!


Favor makes ordinary students shine in an extraordinary way.
 
It makes lonely singles attractive, married people desirable to their spouse, employees receive recognition, employers gain influence, entrepreneurs attract contacts. Favor is a magnet to the blessing and promotion of God. Favor, however, is always attached to a purpose and comes with a price. You could say that favor is on the assignment and not the person. God wraps a flesh and blood servant around the assignment He favors. If you quit the assignment, the favor will go to the person God raises up to pick up the assignment. This is the story of David and Saul. Think of it. Saul's sin involved presumption and peer pressure. David's involved adultery and murder. Yet God would not take His favor away from David, while He withdrew from Saul! Why? Because David kept his heart right and stayed faithful to the assignment. Favor comes toward you from God to call you into His service. Then favor operates in your life as you work out the service He has called you into. Things start going right. Divine appointments abound. Synergism marks your steps. People come to you to join your cause.

Read more at: 
http://www.identitynetwork.net/apps/articles/default.asp?articleid=29647&columnid=



This is my first torrent and my speed isnt the best but I will seed 24/7.

Enjoy!