Dodger - A novel by Terry Pratchett

Published - 13 Sep 2012

Formats - EPUB and MOBI



Synopsis

Dodger is a tosher ΓÇô a sewer scavenger living in the squalor of Dickensian London.

Everyone who is nobody knows Dodger. Anyone who is anybody doesnΓÇÖt.

But when he rescues a young girl from a beating, suddenly everybody wants to know him.

And DodgerΓÇÖs tale of skulduggery, dark plans and even darker deeds begins . . .



A storm. Rain-lashed city streets. A flash of lightning. A scruffy lad sees a girl leap desperately from a horse-drawn carriage in a vain attempt to escape her captors. Can the lad stand by and let her be caught again? Of course not, because he's . . . Dodger.

Seventeen-year-old Dodger may be a street urchin, but he gleans a living from London's sewers, and he knows a jewel when he sees one. He's not about to let anything happen to the unknown girlΓÇönot even if her fate impacts some of the most powerful people in England.

From Dodger's encounter with the mad barber Sweeney Todd to his meetings with the great writer Charles Dickens and the calculating politician Benjamin Disraeli, history and fantasy intertwine in a breathtaking account of adventure and mystery.

Beloved and bestselling author Sir Terry Pratchett combines high comedy with deep wisdom in this tale of an unexpected coming-of-age and one remarkable boy's rise in a complex and fascinating world.


What the critics say - 

Historical fiction in the hands of the inimitable Sir Terry brings the sights and the smells (most certainly the smells) of Old London wonderfully to life . . . Unexpected, drily funny and full of the pathos and wonder of life: Don't miss it.
- Kirkus Reviews

[A] superb novel . . . full of eccentric characters and carefully detailed London scenes, the tale embodies both Dickens's love for the common man and a fierce desire for social justice. - Publishers Weekly

Wonderful. - Daily Mail

Interwoven with historical figures such as Charles Dickens, Robert Peel and Disraeli, Dodger is convincing proof of [Pratchett's] still galloping imagination.
- Daily Telegraph