ACDSee Pro 6

What's New in ACDSee Pro 6

So many new features. So much time saved. Make your best photos even better, with time to spare, thanks to a host of new features that deliver the precision your photos deserve.

Workflow

Super Fast Performance

High resolution images require high amounts of handling power. Speed up your image processing and zoom through your workflow tasks, thanks to ACDSee Pro 6ΓÇÖs native 64-bit support for Windows operating systems.

Hierarchical keywords

Save time and stay on top of your growing collection by creating keyword hierarchies that span from the general to the very specific. For example, say youΓÇÖve created this structure: Transportation | Cars | Vintage. When you assign an image of a Model-T to the Vintage keyword with a check of a box, it automatically gets added to the higher keyword levels. Click on a keyword in the Catalog pane or use Quick Search to display all of the files assigned to that keyword. Create as many levels as you need to fully and accurately classify your assets.

Improved color management

Achieve a consistent color workflow. Reworked from the ground up, ACDSee Pro 6's color management system resolves color matching issues that can occur between different devices with much more accurate color matching and higher quality results. Plus, multi-monitor support is now included.

Burn to Blu-Ray

Quickly and easily archive your images to Blu-Ray discs, directly from within ACDSee.

Photo Developing

Non-destructive adjustment brush

Make non-destructive adjustments to select areas of your images using a versatile brush to precisely get the look you want. Subtly or dramatically correct exposure, add clarity, boost vibrance and more.


System Requirements:

Hardware

-Intel Pentium III / AMD Athlon processor or equivalent (Intel Pentium 4 / AMD Athlon XP or equivalent recommended)
-512 MB RAM (1 GB RAM recommended)
-310 MB free hard drive space (1 GB recommended)
-High Color display adapter at 1024 x 768 resolution (1280 x 1024 recommended)
-CD/DVD Burner - for creating CDs and DVDs

Software

-Microsoft Windows XP with Service Pack 3, Windows Vista or Windows 7, or Windows 8 operating system.
-Microsoft Internet Explorer 7+
-Microsoft DirectX 9.0c
-Ghostscript 8.0 - for PDF support
-Windows Media Player 9.0

Homepage: http://www.acdsee.com/

Installation Instructions:

1. Edit "hosts" file, Instruction given inside.
2. Install Program.
3. Use given key to register.
4. Done, Enjoy.		