


POtHS
Pouring Out the Holy Spiritruth


POtHS - Bible Study - 117 - Mike Hoggard - The Attack on Our Children and Church





POtHS Comment: His BLOOD is the only thing that Redeems us.

Description:

Michael W. Hoggard is the author of ΓÇ£The King James CodeΓÇ¥ and serves as senior pastor of Bethel Church located in Festus, Missouri. He is the founder and director of Prophetic Research Ministries.  He has spent several years researching the Scriptures and has discovered several biblical principles for understanding the Word of God as a prophetic voice. He is the host of two, weekly internet broadcasts, The Watchman Video Broadcast, and the Watchman Pure Bible study which can be found at www.watchmanbroadcast.com.

In his braodcasts, Mike Hoggard analyzes modern events within the prophetic words of scripture.  He discloses many problems occurring today within the church, government, nations, and society as he relates them within the biblical context.  He uncovers many of the evils perpetrated today thru manipulations, hidden occult practices, and agendas.  The included videos cover a wide range of topics dealing with Bible Prophecy, modern events, hidden meanings, secret societies, and etc.  Recommended viewing for any Christian wanting to learn more about the state of the world as it pertains to scripture and prophecies.

Pastor Mike's sureYnot.com channels have the current broadcasts posted:

Video http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/videos
Audio http://sureynot.com/kingjamescode/audio

All other broadcast sites and channels are being updated as quickly as possible.
Thank you for your patience.
Visit Pastor Mike's New Video Channels and Websites!
WatchmanVideoBroadcast.com ╟Ç Video Channel:


Included files:
Military vs Obama Changing Your Churchs DNA
Naked Churches Drunk Churches Backward Churches
The Attack on our Children
The Cursed Church
The Left and Right Hand
The Mystery of Contemplative Prayer
The Cycles of Christian Growth

      :thankyou:    :thankyou:     Thank You JESUS  
 
