HARDCODED ENGLISH SUBTITLES 

FILM INFORMATION

Synopsis Zineb is an emotionally exhausted psychiatrist assigned to Rihana, a traumatized and pregnant young woman found in the street muttering unintelligibly about “The Lord of the Horse.” A flashback sequence returns us to Rihana’s childhood, where her dictatorial father, horseman chief of his tribe, raises her as the son his legacy demands. Trapped in parental delusions, Rihana falls in love with a young man with whom she carves out the beginnings of her own life. Soon, Rihana’s story awakens repressed thoughts in Zineb’s own troubled mind, and reality merges into a haunted fever-dream of fear and denial in this visually striking, award-winning psychological thriller.

About the Director Mohamed Mouftakir was born in Casablanca, Morocco in 1965. He has co-written several film and television scripts and served as first assistant director on a number of feature films. His short films, La Danse du Foetus and Fin du Moins, both received the Grand Jury Prize at the Tangiers National Film Festival in 2005 and 2007, respectively. Pegasus is his first feature film.


The Global Film Initiative promotes cross-cultural understanding through the medium of cinema. Click here to download Fast Facts about the Initiative. GFI Fast Facts

History repeatedly points to the importance of great storytelling in chronicling and influencing human affairs. Even today, a powerful, authentic narrative can foster trust and respect between disparate cultures and mitigate the social and psychological impact of cultural prejudice. In recent times, no medium has been as effective at communicating the range and diversity of the world’s cultures as the cinematic arts. But this vital contribution to cultural diversity has been threatened by shifting economic conditions in the areas of film financing and distribution, a situation largely prompted by the international success of the American film industry. Filmmaking in the developing world has suffered most from these changes; traditional funding sources have all but disappeared and worldwide distribution channels have collapsed.

Ironically, it is the United States, and especially its youth, that suffers disproportionately from this lack of exposure to other cultures. The stability of America’s ethnic mosaic depends on deep cross-cultural understanding, particularly between young Americans and the children of recently arrived immigrants. A comprehensive effort to give value to stories from every corner of the world plays a vital role in promoting tolerance in all areas of human behavior.

The Initiative has developed four complementary programs to promote both the production of authentic and accessible stories created in the developing world and their distribution throughout the schools and leading cultural institutions of the United States. The Global Lens film series is the flagship endeavor of this mission and a short video about its annual premiere at the Museum of Modern Art can be viewed below.