PART  381


K.D. LANG - Constant Craving (1992)
THE ROLLING STONES - Anybody Seen My Baby? (1997)
SUPERHEAVY - Miracle Worker (2011) 


"Constant Craving" is a song written by K.D. Lang and Ben Mink, and performed by Lang on her album "Ingénue". The song first made the charts in 1992, and won her the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 1993 and an MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video. The track also appears on the 2008 compilation album, Northern Songs: Canada's Best and Brightest, which highlights some of Canada's best musicians from a variety of genres. "Constant Craving" peaked at #38 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also reached #2 on the Billboard adult contemporary chart. In the UK, the song was initially a modest hit when released in 1992, but after being re-released in 1993 in the wake of its American success, it peaked at #15 on the UK Singles Chart in its fourth week.The Rolling Stones later unwittingly used a refrain very similar to that of "Constant Craving" in their 1997 single "Anybody Seen My Baby?". 

"Anybody Seen My Baby?" is a song by The Rolling Stones featured on their 1997 album "Bridges to Babylon".Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, the song also carries writing credits for K.D. Lang and Ben Mink. The song is known for its chorus, which sounds strikingly similar to lang's 1992 hit song "Constant Craving". Jagger and Richards claimed to have never heard the song before, only having discovered the similarity prior to the song's release. As Richards writes in his autobiography Life, "My daughter Angela and her friend were at Redlands and I was playing the record and they start singing this totally different song over it. They were hearing K.D. Lang's 'Constant Craving.' It was Angela and her friend that copped it." The two gave Lang credit, along with her co-writer Mink, to avoid any lawsuits. Afterwards, Lang said she was "completely honored and flattered" by receiving the songwriting credit.
The song was a worldwide hit in 1997, reaching Top 20 in Europe, #1 on Canada's Singles and Rock charts and #3 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks. 

