Cover:
 
http://www.edrawsoft.com/images/max_product.gif

Release info:


Quick layouts and quick styles. These provide quick formatting options for the object in question, and make it easy to create good-looking slides with just a few clicks.

Put Edraw graphics into Word, Excel, PowerPoint with one-click buttons.

Text objects supported line space, bullet, Indent, back color, super script, sub script and more.

Shadows in general are so very nice compared to those in previous versions. We can actually control the transparency, amount of blur, and color now.

Shape and text presets make it really easy to apply a preset look to an object or text.

It's quicker to zoom in and out now using the zoom slider in the southeast corner of the screen.

Table support.

Recolor picture, Light and Contrast, transparent PNG support.

Opened the Shape Sheet for senior users to create more complicated shapes.

More 2000 clip arts.

Improved the Insert Hyperlink function.

Improved the Print function. Support more page sizes such as A0, A1. You can also print the large size graphics in separate pages.

Persistent undo and redo.

High quality graphic export. Easy to create SVG graphics.

Vector-based
Edraw Max is a vector-based diagramming software, which means whatever size you change the diagram, it will always keep high quality.

Easy and friendly UI
Edraw UI is MS Office-style like, it's easy to learn and use. If you are familiar with MS Office, you are familiar with Edraw quickly.

Work with MS Office well
Edraw provides several ways to cooperate with MS Office system.

You can copy the selected shapes then paste it into MS Office document.

You can insert the Edraw OLE object in MS Office application.

You also can export the drawings to generics graphic formats such as jpg, tif, bmp. Then switch to MS Office and insert the picture.

Support almost all kinds of graphics formats
Supports almost all the generics graphics formats, it can export or import those common graphics formats, like bmp, gif, dib, png, tif, wmf, emf, html and so on.

Save as exe file and share it with anyone without Edraw
You can save your drawing file to exe format and share it with anyone you want, even it has no Edraw installed.

Provide drawing tools like Illustrator
Provides a set of drawing tools like Adobe Illustrator, with those tools you can draw your own shapes or change the shapes in library.

Distribute shapes automatically
Edraw can help you align and arrange all shapes automatically, this will speed your working.

Strong style system and plenty of beautiful build-in styles
Edraw has an easy and quick style system, and provides a lot of pre-defined styles, which can help you make your diagram beautiful and personal in short time.

Abundant libraries and templates involving kinds of fields
Provide abundant libraries and templates include flowcharts, organizational charts, build plans, network diagrams and more.

Define and manage your own libraries and templates
You can draw your own shapes and documents save as libraries and templates, and use them as pre-defined libraries and templates.

Edraw System requirement
Windows┬« 2000, Windows XP, Windows 2003, Windows Vista, Windows 7

256 MB of RAM, 20 MB of hard disk space

Pentium┬« III, 750MHz processor

1,024 x 768 or better monitor resolution

Mouse and keyboard

Install Note:
1.Run Setup file
2.Copy Crack content into installation folder
3.Run from desktop shortcut
4.Do not update online.

Screen Shot:
 
http://www.edrawsoft.com/image/edrawline.gif 
http://www.edrawsoft.com/images/software/highlight-flowchart-software.gif
