Games : Windows : Full Game : English


YOU CANNOT PLAY THIS GAME ON WINDOWS VISTA !!! 


About the Game:

Years after taking Stilwater for their own, the Third Street Saints have evolved from street gang to household brand name, with Saints sneakers, Saints energy drinks and Johnny Gat bobble head dolls all available at a store near you.
The Saints are kings of Stilwater, but their celebrity status has not gone unnoticed. The Syndicate, a legendary criminal fraternity with pawns in play all over the globe, has turned its eye on the Saints and demands tribute. Refusing to kneel to the Syndicate, you take the fight to Steelport, a once-proud metropolis reduced to a struggling city of sin under Syndicate control.
Take a tank skydiving, call in a satellite-targeted airstrike on a Mexican wrestling gang, and defend yourself against a highly-trained military force using only a sex toy in the most out- landish gameplay scenarios ever seen, igniting a city-wide war that will set Steelport on fire. Strap it on.


 System Requirements

OS: Windows XP or 7  - (WINDOWS VISTA IS NOT SUPPORTED !!!!)
Processor: 2GHz Dual Core Processor (Intel Core 2 Duo or AMD Athlon X2) or higher
Memory: 2GB System RAM or more
Graphics: 320MB Video RAM GPU w/ Shader Model 3.0 support. NVIDIA GeForce 8800 series or better. ATI Radeon HD3800 series or better
DirectX: 9.0c
Hard Drive: 10GB
Sound: 100% DirectX 9.0C compliant sound card or equivalent onboard sound




Notes:

You can play single player full game .
Open only part1 ,part2 is installing automatically  .
This game is already cracked ,just install and play.

After the 3rd mission when your crib is unlocked, DLCS is unlocked, with various messages on screen. When loading a saved game from any time after the 3rd mission, DLCS unlock messages appear onscreen immediately after loading the game.


DLCS Included:

Invincible Pack (Cheat Pack)  
Funtime! Pack (Genki Pack)    
Warrior Pack (Outfit Pack 01)  
Z Style Pack (Bling Pack)   
Explosive Combat Pack (Grenade Launcher)  
Shark Attack Pack (Shark Pack) 
Special Ops Vehicle Pack (Saints Military Vehicles)  
Nyte Blayde Pack   
Money Shot Pack    
Bloodsucker Pack (Unlock Pack 01)
Unlockable Pack (Unlock Pack 02)
Genkibowl VII (Genki Missions Pack)
CheapyD
Gangstas in Space
Penthouse Pack
Horror Pack (Halloween Outfit Pack)
Steelport Gangs Pack (Gang Outfit Pack)
Genki Girl Pack
The Trouble With Clones (Monster Mash)
Witches and Wieners



More info and support here :
 
http://www.nosteam.ro/index.php?topic=144.msg1610#msg1610


If you like this game torrent seed it to others.
Enjoy .