                  With MAGIX Music Maker Soundtrack Edition you can 
                  create your own movie music in no time at all.

                      Drag & drop sounds and loops together, 
                      record virtual and real instruments, 
                      add professional effects and mix your 
                      projects in studio quality without any 
                      previous knowledge!

                      Easy handling
                      Unlimited possibilities
                      Studio-standard sound

                                 HIGHLIGHTS!

                      Over 1500 professional sounds & loops
                      Vita Instrument: String Ensemble
                      BeatBox 2: Industry-standard drum machine
                      Vintage Effects Suite: Classic effects for the perfect sound
                      Song Maker 2: Create new songs automatically
                      Search Function: Find loops, files and samples super fast
                      Share songs on Facebook & SoundCloud


                          Supported operating systems:

    Microsoft® Windows® 8 (32-bit and 64-bit)
    Microsoft® Windows® 7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
    Microsoft® Windows® Vista© (32-bit and 64-bit)
    Microsoft® Windows® XP (32-bit)

                          Minimum system requirements:

    Processor: 2 GHz or higher
    RAM: 1 GB (2 GB recommended)
    Graphics card: Onboard graphics card with a screen resolution of at least 1024 x 768
    Sound card: Internal sound card
    Hard disk memory: 3 GB free disk space for program installation
    Optical drive: DVD drive (only for installation of the box version)

                          Supported file formats:

                          Optional:

    Burn CDs/DVDs with a CD/DVD±R(W) burner
    MP3 Export with Windows Media® Player 10 or higher

                          Supported File Formats

    Import: WAV, MP3, OGG Vorbis, WMA, CD-A, AVI, WMV
    Export: WAV, MP3, OGG Vorbis, WMA, AVI, WMV, MXV

installation:

    •  Next open the .rar file by double clicking it. 
    If you can't open it you need to get an archiver 
    which supports rar files such as Winrar and extract.

    •  Install the setup...

    •  Now copy the content in crack folder to installation dir.
    something like:
    CProgram FilesMAgixMusic Maker Soundtrack Editionprotein 
    and paste make sure you replace the original one

            •  That's it! Done.

            •  Supp0rt the Developer if you liKe it.

                       enJoy!!!
