System requirements:
 Operating System: 10.4.11+ (Tiger), 10.5.4+ (Leopard)
 CPU Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo
 CPU Speed: 2.0 GHz
 Memory: 1 GB RAM
 Hard Disk Space: 7.1 GB + 1 GB Swap File
 Video Card (ATI): Radeon X1600
 Video Card (NVidia): Geforce 7300
 Video Memory (VRam): 128 MB
 Media Required: DVD-ROM
 Peripherals: Macintosh mouse and keyboard, Official Guitar Hero 3 X-plorer Guitar Controller

Description:
Outside the window thunderous music rattles, powerful dynamics shake the whole district, the glass was almost ejected from the window frames. This is not a disaster and construction of the century, it is - a real rock concert. At such events, no one misses, there music flows like water, and the fans chanting in unison the names of their idols. Group Aerosmith - one of the most famous bands of the planet. But her road to fame and success was difficult - no one met the newcomers with open arms. But why listen to a long history, when you yourself can it survive? Take part in the famous quartet, and begin the path to the top of stardom. The road will be difficult, but interesting!

Start from the bottom - shabby clubs and performances for a penny, to explode at the end of their stadium rock and rightfully earn the title "The Bad Boys of Boston". Four dozen of the best songs of all time will be performed at numerous concerts. In music collection came as a very famous song Aerosmith, as well as works by other well-known groups. Each character from the quartet has inexpressible charisma, bright character and its own style of performance. Try in all the characters and master their unique tricks! Do everything to the audience left the concert, the happiest people on earth!

Features:
  Legendary hits. Personally, the 25th of famous hits from Aerosmith, including songs from Joe Perry.
  A haven for music lovers. Other songs of his greatness does not concede to the music itself Aerosmith. In the role of guest stars act Run DMC, Stone Temple Pilots and Lenny Kravitz.

In pursuit of a dream. Before becoming famous, musicians Aerosmith have come a long way and now you can repeat it in person. Start with the first concert at Nipmuc High School and complete the world tour with a performance, including in Russia. Enchanting takeoffs, a huge hit with fans - the life of rock legends Aerosmith was incredibly diverse and rich.
  In the role of the star. Visit the most important concerts of the group to better understand the inner world of Aerosmith. On his way to success tell the musicians themselves - this is a tutorial for anyone enthusiastic rock.
  Music for the fun of the company. Get together with friends and "light up" for real. Play with and against each other! On his own rock party always find the champion and then crown the winner.

